Great show with excellent writing and plot twists. A clean show that still provides a little something for everyone in the family!
Great show. Well written. Excellent cast and engaging story lines. We care what happens to these people and hope they survive in what might eventually be a better world.
Loved this movie, every second of it! You really have to let your mind go when you watch this, you have to be very open in filling in blanks too as even though there is a story here its deep dark and very surreal in every way, if you have a good imagination then this is certainly the movie for you, the story starts with the alien almost being born as such on our world and we see her going around picking up men to feed on them, like species in a way I guess, the death scenes are weird and surreal, the whole movie is bleak and it has an eerie soundtrack which really sets the tone great, probably one of the best scores this year, Scarlett Johansson is amazing and looks amazing, there's not a whole lot of dialogue here, most of the time the actions and the surroundings do the talking, Johansson is fully naked in some scenes and looks stunning but it all relates to her character, as the movie goes on she begins to change and almost loose herself and gets caught up in the human side, well there's a few ways to looks at it really but I leave that up to you to decide, we do finally see under the skin towards the end in a beautiful CG scene, like I said this is a love it or hate it movie its not like your usual sci-fi and don't follow conventional rules of a movie, it leaves blanks and slight confusion so be alert and absorb everything you see so you can come up with your own final conclusions, very artistic movie that's well made and acted by the beautiful Johansson, certainly worth checking out if you think you can handle it.
&lt;REVISED> This show really sucked me in.  I was on the fence after first episode but so glad I kept going.  There are some AMAZINGLY good episodes about 2/3 of the way through.  The performances are made really mesmerizing by the weird accents, cadences and sentence structures. Lead actor has a wicked screen presence - meaning very good - even though it turns out he doesn't have much range, and those blue contacts...But still totally watchable - cannot wait for season 2 - might even pay for it if I can't wait a year.Too early to decide - will try another episode.  Show could easily go either way (good or ridiculous).  First episode a few cliched moments.
Truthfully, the first round of Amazon originals was OK, but this new batch is excellent! Bosch is a very compelling police drama with Titus Welliver, sort of the US equivalent of James Nesbit, one of my favorite British actors. Both pull off the emotional smolder well, helped by the lawsuit backstory in this case. If this is the quality possible give me more!
It is a very interesting series, a glimpse of the Florida  everglades from the law enforcement perspective. The main character,Detective Jim Longworth,  is very likable, with a lively sense of humor, and thoroughly honest in the face of many temptations.The images are excellent (HD), the sound is very good.
Very good season, better than the first.  The writing and acting are so good you don't want an episode to end.
After several weeks of episodes that were hard hitting and emotional, this episode was a breath of fresh air. Bravo to Sutter on the blackmail scenes. It had me rolling with laughter at Venus Van Dam, Tig, and the rest of the guys. I can't wait to see what happens with the police chief's wife and the guys who are breaking into the homes. But for now I will just have watch it again for the comedy!
Ramsay is no stranger to TV shows.  And no matter how many he does, he is always fun to watch....Many people really think he is a tv chef.  He is not. And he gets very upset to even suggest it.  He has calmed down a bit.  But where in the past, he did not care who it was that was in his path, he just blasted them.  Now I think, In my humble opinion, he adjusts how hard he will attack someone verbally depending on if it is a woman, or a elderly person. The format is the same.  He goes in and talks with the owners. He eats their food. Then he tells them how bad it was. Then he observes dinner. He meets with staff and the owners the next day.  Then he watches the team in action when busy with customers. Then he talks to the owners again, then he makes changes to the interior of the restaurant, changes the menu, then puts them to the test with all the changes in place during dinner service.  I like when he brings in the local news, papers, writers and the mayor of the town to give the owners of the business a new start and a completely new customer base. And during all this you can see Ramsay really taking more of an interest in the people themselves. He helps these people make a real connection. I did notice one change. He is not coming into the business when they are already a million dollars in debt.  To me it's too late, and I think to myself, why bother?  But now it's a few hundred thousand in debt which can be made back in a reasonable amount of time...In any case this series just like all of his shows are just great fun to watch and I never get bored. I do recommend people to read his books so you can understand the "man" himself better....also for die hard fans, who don't mind a bit of a more raw in nature, you should go to youtube and look for or type in Ramsay Behind Bars Season 1, Episode one.  That will bring up a brief four episode series of Ramsay trying to put inmates to work to get a bakery business off the ground to get these fresh products out to the masses while getting these people who are locked up a sense of pride, and a skill for when they are released. It is not for the faint of heart. But a great series to watch. But Kitchen Nightmares is as great as it ever was, and Ramsay is just a figure on TV that you just cant get enough of...Watch it, Rent it, but don't miss it.  You just cant go wrong in watching it....Michael Cifelli
5 stars!  Colbert is very funny once you realize that he is being sarcastic and just having fun with the political right wingers and fox news.  Take it for what it is... a comedy show.
A great start to a great series. The characters are complex and flawed, which lends an air of reality to the episodes. Nothing is ever black or white, but a leathery shade of gray. A great story, carried by a great story teller and a great cast.
sometimes an actor just steals the show. Welcome Idris. Loved the series. A great crazy lady. A gritty off balance way of looking at the world rewards the viewer.
Who told you to come up with the best scandal. This show is great I love to see whats going to happen next. All the secrets, lies, cheating makes the show so interesting to watch. Thanks for the show.
Haven't watched the show in a long time. It's still fun to watch. I'm glad it got add to prime.
This series was GREAT. The Best I have seen in a long time. When I watched one episode, I couldn't wait to catch the next one. It kept me guessing the whole time, trying to figure out who was the killer. I wish there were more like the Killing.I loved it, and really hated to see it finish.
After the slow start  of season one , as in comparison to the first uk version. This show got better and found it's own way. By now these are well established charactors and the show hums along very well each episode.  This season is doing a fine job as you would expect.  Even by the end of season one , it was obvious that this was going it's own way and was getting down to making this world a complete one.  This season is as strong as the last so far. And that's a good thing.  The uk version ended last year and it was always more edgy for certain but this one is more about the 'human's' in the storyline.  I will miss the other show , but at least this one will be around for at least a few more seasons or more.  And it deserves to be.
This is the fourth season of a good down to earth police show!  The morgue is not to gruesome!  I would call this o.k. for people above 13 years of age.
I wasn't even aware that Teen Wolf was even a series.  According to my friend Cynthia it's pretty good.  And she is the reason for this particular purchase.  She's into the whole vampire, wolf, zombie saga's.  Not my taste, personally.  But, to satisfy friend with something this simple is all I could not buy it.  Maybe it'll last a couple of more seasons and I'll end up getting her all of 'em.
This has been a sure delight for me.  I began very dubious as to it's ability to pull of a believable character & plot from episode to episode.  They're doing it..  I'm loving it!!
I thought &#34;Mozart...&#34; was wonderful.  Doesn't involve a mass-market theme, of course.  But it's wonderful, nevertheless.Personally thought the female characters were more appealing, thus far, than Bernal -- do hope he lives up to his apparently titular role.And good thing it's not on YouTube scrambling for 1000 views a month vs some cat-juggling video scoring 10 million views a day.  Hail Jeff Bezos.
Great character development a d interesting backstory. Wish there was a third season!! I would most assuredly buy it now.
Rarely does a film, much less a tv show, come up with a hero who is equally matched by the villain of the piece.  Even better, neither of them is wholly heroic or wholly villainous, just like most real people. Thus, our hero,Raylan (Timothy Olyphant), the US Marshall, has a perfect foil, Boyd (Walton Goggins). Both of them come from former A+ shows in which they were not the leads. TO had a big role in DEADWOOD and WG had a big role in THE SHIELD.This episode opens the fourth season of this wonderful show and immediately you are thrown into authentic America. The virtue of setting this in Harlan, Kentucky is that this is an area of the country which has not become the same as everywhere else.  These people stick close to their roots.  They all know one another and the backwoods of Kentucky. They were all seemingly born with a gun in their hands and some criminality in their genes. They have their own dialect and if you talk like they do in NYC or LA, you will stick out like a Martian here.This episode has all the great quirks we've grown to love in this show: a guy in a bear suit with a local prostitute, a criminal in Raylan's trunk, then his car gets stolen, Boyd contending with one of his drug dealers who has gotten caught up in revivalist religion, and Raylan's venomous father, now in prison, who seems to have secreted things in the walls of his house.This show appears on virtually every top ten list which is posted online and deservedly so.
Another suspenseful season! Good show! keeps you on the edge of your seat and wondering how true it really is about what goes on in DC
This show got many twists and turns. As well as there is more then one side to this show. I think the shows has great actors.
I love this show please keep it coming I am missing it the actors are awesome can't wait to see what season three with bring which I hope will be soon.
This is a great series. It doesnt have the camp like Smallville. But a serious look at a serious hero. You see his flaws and his strengths. Each choice doesnt always take him in the direction he wants or needs. Just adds to the story as it grows. Just awesome!!
If you like history and enjoy a great story this is the show for you.  The Characters are interesting and the story leaves you wanting more.
THIS SHOW KEEP ME GLUED TO THE TELEVISION ALL WEEK LONG. I COULD HARDLY WAIT TO SEE WHO WOULD COME OUT ON TOP. INTERESTING TAKE ON LAWYERS AND THE LAW. LOVE IT. PLEASE DON'T KEEP ME WAITING TO LONG FOR THE NEXT SEASON.
We have been glued to every episode of every season.  The show is so well written and acted, with amazing sets.
AMC : did it again with a new series. A murder mystery with plenty of twists & turns to keep your mind wondering who did it. The first 2 seasons are on prime which is free to subscribers too bad the 3rd is not. This show has everything from murder to love,to betrayal police corruption and police corruption thrown in.I thought this show was great it takes place in Seattle Washington.
THE ACTORS WERE GREAT!THE ACTING WAS GREAT!THE PLOT WAS ORIGINAL!THE ROMANCE WAS BELIEVABLE!THE FIGHT SCEANS WHERE GOOD AND ACTOIN PACKED!THE SPECIAL EFFECTS WHERE AWESOME!IF YOU LIKED ,(GLADIATOR) AND WATCH,.. SPARTICUS,.. VIKINGS OR (ROME ON H,B,O,)YOU WILL MOST LIKELY REALLY ENJOY THIS FILM!I READ THE NOT SO GREAT REVIEWS AND WAS HESITANT TO WATCH....GREAT TIME***GLAD I CHECKED IT OUT !  5 STARS COMPARED TOTHE OTHER FILM IT WAS RELEASED..
I like the characters and the plots are wonderful.  It definitely keeps you interested in what is happening and going to happen.
Basing an entire series on time travel isn't easy as this is usually a writer's last resort to breath new life into a tired storyline.  But Continuum makes it work and it does it masterfully.  If you are going to do something you might as well go all in, and that's exactly what this series does.  A close attention to detail mixed with a small amount of &#34;suspension of disbelief&#34; from the viewer makes this series a hit.  The acting is quite good and consistent with the character's development.
A really interesting and well written series with intriguing characters and tricky plots. The fairy tales theme is an unusual foundation. If you like fantasy, you'll like this series.
GREAT SHOW!!!  I USED TO WATCH THIS SHOW WHEN I HAD CABLE,BUT GOT TOO $$$$$$$$. SO WHEN I SAW IT OFFERED BY AMAZON PRIME(FREE) I JUMPED AT IT!!!!!!AWESOME SHOW
Regina King deserves an emmy, Tony and Oscar. She is amazing. All the rest are first rate as well. You watch the people not the action.
I haven't read the books but I really apprecite the attention to detail the series is becoming involved  with.  I will continue to watch season two.
Little Bill continues to exemplify what a good, educational children's program should be. I only wish that it was still running.
The third season ended after 20 episodes. In Previous years there were 22 episodes.In the last episode (20) of season three there were to many story lines that needed to come  to a conclusion.Does anyone know how the story lines ended up - Election of Sheriff Etc.Looking forward to the movie coming out in 2014.
We're only up to episode 8 but WE LOVE 24. WE LOVE JACK BAUER. We love the thought of a guy who will do whatever it takes to stop terrible things happening to America.
Helen will be watched forever in this hard bitten role where she finds her way in a good old boys world of detectives, cops and bad guys. She is so strong, so sexy, so effective at solving who dunits. Helen is da bomb! This timeless drama captures and re-captures our imaginations as she threads her way through one crime after another&#8211;&#8211;no other dramatic detective is better at taking us along with her in the adventure. Helen is tops.
It's an interesting study in characters personality changes for good or bad and how people are friendly when they are opposites.  I am amazed at how awful some people are but also realize that there are people in the world that bad.  Also normal people can ge good and bad at the same time.
If you were like me and stayed up late to watch Sports Night this shows for you.It's less sports and more everything that made Cheers and Night Court great but without the sitcom isolation.Note with Amazon, content and language may be more mature/immature.But also Note, This shows reviews have more mention of couples watching then any other for good reason.Pick this one AmazonLoved the Monkey, please keep the Monkey!AMAZON PLEASE RECONSIDER !  Save the REBELS !
I loved this show and wish there were more than three episodes! Zen is the only honest cop in Rome -- and watching how he brilliantly maneuvers around the rampant corruption to maintain his integrity is fascinating. Shot in Rome, the show is as authentically beautiful as Italy itself. A truly unique drama and Rufus Sewell is wonderful as Detective Zen.
You'd think I would respect sleep a bit more.  I'm not so sure I &#34;love it&#34; but I'm obviously enthralled watching hours and hours of the series on end.  I have a quirk with such obsessions that applies to books and TV series.  I haven't watched the final episode.  And luckily my memory truly sucks, so after a few weeks I'll have to watch the last two or three episodes I watched before the season concluding episode. Perhaps I could do that until the middle of next season (Thanks FX, The ridiculous networks would have cancelled it long ago since it is popular) and then have short marathons again.
I'd heard about this child's near death experience but didn't know much about it.  When the film came to town I decided to give it a try even though I've found most Christian films to be poorly made.  I didn't expect a lot.  However the fact that it starred Greg Kinnear was promising.  It was much better than I expected.  Kinnear was, indeed, magnificent as the  small town Nebraska preacher whose son had a &#34;lrip to Heaven.'  I didn't read the book but from what others have written here, apparently the book says that the boy did acually &#34;die&#34; while the film insists that he didn't.  I don't know what difference that actually makes.  In any case the child believed that he went to Heaven, saw angels, Jesus and some of his relatives.Much of the film is focused on the dilemma of the father, for whom this is a problem.  He is challenged by members of his community and even his church, who don't believe the child's story and feel that perhaps the pastor should move on.The film is well cast.  Kinnear is wonderful, the child who plays the boy is beyond adorable.  The members of the congregation add another dimension to the story.I credit the writer and director for bringing this story to the public in a time when Christianity is not popular in the mainstream media.  It is very well done, isn't really preachy and should appeal to any person who is open minded enough to admit that there might be things beyond normal belief.
Rather than getting tired and old, It just keeps getting better and better.  I hope they develop Tim's character more.
What a beginning! Dialog, acting...everything is well done. The whole subject treated with respect and truth.  The characters and issues introduced in the first episode will be interesting to watch unfold.. It always cracks me up to read a review from someone who makes a conclusion about a show while saying they only saw 5 minutes. Like speed dating! In all fairness, sometimes a person is just in the mood for something different, but that shouldn't be the basis for a review. Boy, I recall watching a four hour long special in the 80's.  It was a complete showing of AIDS, myths, facts, all of it. And I remember being completely overwhelmed and frightened as  I realized that, regardless of my own careful love life, I had no knowledge or control over the multitude of ladies my boyfriend had been with, or who the multitude had been with. Extrapolating from what few historical facts I did know was overwhelmingly scary.  It didn't matter what gender or preference one was, it was just a huge nightmare for all of us over which one had no control at all.  I think a lot of credit goes to the researchers who worked hard to find treatments and the brave souls who took those unproven treatments in clinical trials in the hope that, in the least, it would bring us closer to cure or prevention.  And this series deserves respect for being real rather than simply treating the subject as pure entertainment. I guess it was entertaining education of mind, heart and soul. Good Job!
I know this is a comedy show but for me it is the best news/comedy show.Jon Stewart does a fantastic job in presenting how some news showspresent their version of the news. The interviews are great.I recommend this program for news and entertainment.
All roads for Vic Mackey (Emmy winner Michael Chiklis) lead to this. After Mackey killed Terry Crowley during the first season of "The Shield" karma was going to catch up with him sooner than later and now the Strike Team is under I.A.D. investigation by Jon Kavanaugh (Oscar winner Forrest Whitaker). Mackey seemed on the road to redemption during the fourth season when the new captain (Glenn Close)gave him the chance to reassemble his team and make a difference in the Farmington police district. The investigation that she instigated which was designed to exonerate members of her team has turned into crusade where Kavanaugh will use any and all teams to bring down Mackey and his team.By the fifth season of "The Shield" I was afraid the show would jump the shark--in fact it has done anything but that with writing that is still among the best on TV with morally complex characters sporting shades of gray to their personalities vs. being simple black and white caricatures of good guys and bad guys. Chiklis proves as he has over the last four seasons to be one of the best actors on TV with his complex portrayal of Mackey. Chiklis though wouldn't be where he is without the terrific supporting cast. During the fifth season Mackey's nemesis begins to resemble him as he tries to bring down Mackey and his team. Mackey may be morally corrupt person but there is still a decent person buried somewhere within his soul which allows fans of the series to be rooting for him even if he is often the bad guy (hey, he killed a cop in the first episode of the first season!).The show looks grainy and dark which benefits the cinema verite/documentary look of the show with its handheld cameras and unexpected pans. As always Dutch(Jay Karnes) and Claudette (CCH Pounder)continue to be the moral center and conscience of the show and as fascinating as Mackey and his team are, these two detectives are equally as fascinating as they bring down a serial killer with perfect alibies and other difficult to crack cases. The politically astute former Captain of the station David Aceveda (Benito Martinez)continues to have a darkness to his "moral" character particularly after the physical assualt at the hands of an ex-con that occurred during the third season.The DVD has some great special features including commentary tracks with a nice mix of cast members, a featurette on the productio of the fifth season, a tribute to executive producer/director Scott Brazil who died during the sixth season and a Q&A; session with Chiklis, producer/writer/creator Shawn Ryan and Forrest Whitaker discussing their characters and the development of the series. We also get deleted scenes as well as the sixth season "prequel" that sets up season six.The seventh season (which will air this spring)is reportedly the last season for the show so if you've caught the bug for "The Shield" but fallen behind in watching the show, now you can spent time either catching the reruns or watching the DVDs in plenty of time for season seven.Highly recommended.
This program keeps me coming back. The challenge of ingredients vs time is always interesting, an I find that I learn a lot from the chef contestant skills as well as the judges' ctitiques.
This show makes Archaeology fun.Simcha Jacobovici makes history fun and interesting - he is excited about biblical history and pulls his audience into the fray keeping things simple but not speaking down to his audience. He does not offend any particular people or religion. Mr. Jacobovici presents facts and evidence and allows the viewer to make his or her own decision based on the evidence.This is a very well done series. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed this series and would recommend it to anyone.
A good series. Season's one and two are terrific. I've now watched through into season 5. Watch it - it's a great cinematic novel !
this is fun show but at the same time very engaging with smart dialogue, definitely recommend watching. hope amazon has season 3 available soon!!!
I didn't start watching this show until the start of 2nd season where I then watched all of season 1 and then caught up to what is live on tv. Great cast and enjoy the references/easter eggs. If you are a fan of comics and shows like Smallville then you should love this show. It's very addicting.
Special effects were absolutely pathetic and there are some gaping plot holes, but the cast (outside of the French lady which was wayyyyy too cliche'd) was very fun and I would definitely continue watching as long as the Clown guy, old lady, prison dude, and cup stay untouched.  I liked their characters much more than any of be others, though the lawyer getting injured was nice.
A fitting end to an exciting show.  The second season is only 6 episodes long but very worthy to watch.  There is an ending to the show though it leaves an opening for something more.  Very nicely done.  I wish there could have been more.
This is one of the best series ever.  I love the way he explains what he is doing.  Not fond of the brother character, though.  Bruce Campbell reminds me how much I loved Brisco County and I have been watching that with great joy.
LIKE BATMAN BEGINS.. BUT WITH ARROWS YOU'LL LOVE IT! As a kid I never read Green Arrow Comics, I read Batman, Wolverine, Punisher, Moon Knight.. the realistic hard core heroes of DC and MARVEL.. little did I know Green Arrow fits very nicely in the company of those guys.. at least this one on TV does.. ITS no joke..
I watched Kevin Whately in inspector Morris and I loved the way he balanced the sometimes darker and depressed Morris.  He is down to earth and figures things out just as well as the overly cerebral partners.
This must be the best thing on Television that I've seen in years. Love it! Gritty, Riveting, Tense. A must see show for anyone who loves to watch characters react to each other and the world around them.
I was very impressed with the Firm as a TV series. It moved along, had great action and a wonderfulstory. I only hope NBC or another network, picks it up again for a second season. It would be a shameif the series ended for good. I loved it!!
I love everything by Masterpiece theather/ mystery and this was no exception.  only thing disappointing was there are only five episods.
at first i really didnt like this show but now i cant wait to see what happens super excited :)
Very interesting documentary. The film quality was outstanding and did not freeze not once. I truly enjoyed these series. How to see a lot more of these.
Enjoyed the whole run of the series. Good ending to the shows. I really enjoyed the acting and the stories.
They keep finding someone new to bring into the picture.  It keeps it interesting. I just hope it doesn't end.
Loved it wish there were more seasons...... I like anything that has to do with history ....but in a story type.. I think you learn more ...it was awesome....
bbt - it is fun.  the only thing not to like is the end.  how to say it is fun in twenty non-repeating words, therein lies the challenge.  why can't we get a word count, so we know how many to add?
I gave this pilot 5 stars because of Titus Welliver...he absolutely nailed the part. I love everything this man is in. Please please make more Bosch!!!!
Love the series. Great cast. Great story line. Cannot wait for the next episode. Keep them coming S. O. A.
Pretty much the same show so if you liked the other 3 seasons than you will like this season as well
It was a new slant on the apocalypse. I really enjoyed it and while I usually detest happy apocalypse endings, this worked for me.
I love this how. It is really a great show. The plot, character development, and history are very will presented.
**Spoiler Alert. There may be spoilers here, so if you want to remain a Being Human "virgin", don't read below.It is a little tough watching the American version knowing that the BBC version is not only in its 3rd series, but the BBC version is more original simply for having set the stage for SYFY.Don't get me wrong, the American actors are fine and their performances are great, but the british cast "own" these roles. It's almost like the Americans are renting theirs. The BBC characters seem more fallible, more realisting, and belong to their roles. It is like the BBC wrote characters to best suit the actors, and in the SYFY version, they did the opposite, but to a somewhat disconcordant effect.That sounds more negative then it is intended, but I did not like the twist at the end of the American season when the werewolf Josh (played by Sam Huntington) is hoodwinked into sitting out the grande finale battle royale. Perhaps the SYFY ending was more fitting, as it felt truer to the logic of their universe.Case in point, a man of twenty-something has very little chance of outfoxing a man of 300 who is perpetually on his toes and a master of his powers (SYFY). What the BBC version suggested is that in the heat of combat both 150-something Mitchell (Aidan Turner) and Herrick [an ancient vampire with full acceptance (and thus, control) of his powers and senses; played by Jason Watkins], are duped by the silly, often-unwieldy George (played by Russel Tovey), one into making ready for a battle royale that will never happen, and the other getting locked in the basement with the werewolf. Herrick HAD to see that coming.In this BBC season-concluding episode, there is faithfulness to each performance and plot that is rarely seen in this type of horror/sci-fi drama.Oh, and Lenora Crichlow is a slamming hotty. Meaghan Rath seems a far more morose, whiny version of the ghostly-friend. I would rather spend eternity with a chipper Annie and her endless tea-making than Sally-sulks-a-lot, moping and pouting. That would drive me bonkers. If Sally doesn't cheer up in season 2 of SYFY, I'm not sure if I can stomach it.Kristen Hager has better looks than Sinead Keenan. That's all I have to say on that matter. It feels like each series picked the correct actress to play across from their dopey werewolf roomie. Still, Nina seems a little more realistic in the role because she's not physically perfect. She is charming, and has a flair for the character. Kristen is believable as a young doctor in Boston, although I can't quite place why her character would hang around with Josh. I think given their dispositions, the only thing keeping these two characters together is the script.
I love football.  One of my favorite movies was &#34;The Replacements&#34; and this show gives me that same kind of feeling only in a TV show.  It looks to be loaded with some great comedic characters and a dynamite set up.  Keep shooting this show.  I also loved Natalie Zea in Justified and it's nice to see her getting the chance to lead a series.
Jumping in and challenging yourself to be better is a great insperation and that is what this show does.  I love the fact that its fresh and real seeing folks think on thier feet and come up with ideas.  It is very inspiring to watch and to challenge yourself
Although I&#8217;ve never, and probably will never go duck hunting, I loved this series.  Why, you might ask?  These sequences are created on a basic Founding Father concept:  Unity is Powerful.  In addition emphasis is placed on the first and original unity, the family.  Different as we all are even in our immediate family, we are major contributors to the success and accomplishments of this unit.  The family is we learn to cooperate for the common good.  Is this an easy task?  NO.  But it does work when it is practiced in all aspects of the family.  Great and needed lessons for our country!  Bob&#8217;s Girl
I got completely hooked on this series.  Looking forward t season 5.  The real story isn't about the zombies, but about survival.
The quality of streaming is great.Every episode is a classic. These episodes are so funny, and if you have watched them before, then you'll love to relive them again.
Have you perhaps become disenchanted with the promise of inventiveness in television, which once seemed unlimited, but has become increasingly brutalized by copy cats, repetitiveness, and the demands of empty suits who prod their flunkies under the premise of protecting the interests of the network share holders? Well, then... you, my friend, need to partake in a strange journey... a journey into Portlandia... a magical, backward world, where "the dream of the 90s is alive".This is some of the very finest sketch comedy I have ever seen, on par with "The Chappelle Show" and the best segments of "SNL". What makes it all the more impressive is that the show relies completely upon its stars, Fred and Carrie, who show a diversity that is nothing short of astounding. These two put it down with every ounce of their heart and soul, and their efforts are clear to see (and much appreciated).I must point out, however, that I'm able to take what one might deem "extra pleasure" in this series, for I live near (and work within) the city of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, which is essentially a "smaller Portland". Filled with hipsters, weirdos, and goateed maniacs riding fixed gear bikes, Portsmouth is a hilarious, smaller sibling to the its bigger brother, Portland. Therefore, when I watch "Portlandia", it's extra funny, because I actually "recognize" the characters who appear. "Hey, I know that guy/gal! They work at the Friendly Toast!"Despite my partiality, I believe anybody with a functional sense of humor will be laughing, early and often, at the antics of this rare, beautiful, heartfelt sketch comedy. Do yourself a favor, and invest yourself in "Portlandia".
Hey, look here, Jase and Si are funny, funny, funny. Love the prayer at the end of most shows.  I see myself in this family.
Awsome shawn is the best of the best.  Harpo Marx would be proud.  Do you want to laugh and not have to think but just enjoy this is the show for you.  Keep it up guys this is great.
I enjoy watching Jennifer Garner most times.  In this movie I found her to be a real B.... to this little girl.  She did a really good job of it.
This series is a classic. It can't be duplicated. No matter what Kristen Bell does, she will never surpassthis series.
My son loved this show it was hard to get him to watch the other originals to see if he liked them. He likes the science part of the show mostly as there are few left for kids and he is stuck watching reruns of The Magic School Bus and Bill Nigh the Science Guy. My Son is 5 so these are "new" to him.
I like this movie because although there was plenty of blood and guts, there was some story there too. It was not formulaic, not too &#34;Hollywood.&#34; I especially like the opening and closing line being the same (which I won't spoil for you by quoting it!) Very clever, I liked the writing and the main character is easy to root for, certainly.  It's one I don't mind watching more than once, so I bought it! It's a go-to movie for me when I need to unwind. Hope you enjoy it as much as I do.
I will miss Fringe -- the final season has been great!  That's all that I have to say -- enjoyable
While this is the best story around to demonstrate the strength of womenin a restrictive society some of my favorite scenes like the reaction of the women themselves to Matty's store were missing. That scene alone was the best in demonstrating friendship over social mores.Don't mess with original film just to save space Amazon---it's not fair!!!Would love to see the original again.
Very funny dialog, paired with good actors playing interesting characters lets the first season of Alpha House rise to the top.  Nice production and great scripts show us the lighter side of Washington DC politics.  Amazon is doing a good job competing with HBO and AMC type shows in the 30 minute comedy slot.  Betas is another good new show. Now for its time for some hard boiled hour long dramas.
I was afraid that this show had finally jumped the shark with season 8, but it seems like it has revived itself for season 9! They finally decided to end the recurring episodes featuring the evil computer hacker, which were seriously lame. Yay!!!
IF you like classical music and want to see it come alive in real people this is the show for you.The plot, actors and music are superb. Not only did it draw me in, It captivated me. Please don't let it die. Make it last forever.
Great fun. Shawn is mischievous, but good-hearted. There are no words, it's all acting by the clay characters. Little kids will have no trouble following the action.
Love this show and all the stargate series shows its a shame they only got 5 seasons because there was alot more you could do with the premise.
I wish they would have finished the season, kind of a let down. I am going to buy the books though. I hope the money goes to the author and not the short visioned dweebs who dropped the series!
Keeps you on the edge of your seat.  Young Norman is really into being off the wall.  The mother is a pure crazy and let's not forget the older son's return that seems to stir up things between and around Norman.  Looking for more.
I have been watching Doctor who since the early 1970's and still enjoying each new episode of Doctor Who. Matt Smith adds character to the well known Doctor and is able to play his part well. I hope to continue to enjoy Doctor Who for many more years to come. When I am waiting for a new release of Doctor Who I may play some of the older original series. Both the old and the new series of Doctor Who are very entertaining and enjoyable to watch.
When this first came out I said bah! don't like donald sutherland, probably won't like his son, so I never watched it when it was on tv.When I got amazon prime, I was watching Life, loved that, 24 kept coming up as a recommended show, so I said what the heck?? Wow, it is so engaging, I'd stay up til 4am watching episode after episode.It would be nice if 24:Redemption was free to watch too, anyone want to loan me theirs? was it made into DVD?Some of the twists in season 6 seemed rather implausible but whatever, I won't go into it. Love the show, looking forward to watching the rest of it.
At first I was skeptical about another superhero series, but it really rocks! Right from the beginning the story is engaging and I was hooked.  If you like action and a dark hero, you will like this show.
I love the concept,but would like to see the actors(Robert,s staff) finish the restaurant makeover just once on time,I don't think Robert,s screaming at the end of every show for them to hurry is very realistic..either that or get a faster crew!''Seems he followers the same,story,of screaming and punishing words each and every makeover..I gets very tiring to watch..keep waiting for his staff to dump a five gallon can of paint over his head.Lol..
What a disappointment to know that there is no third season.  With all of the terrible stuff on broadcast US networks, so many of us are eager to watch political dramas in any era.The Fifties provides a rich setting, and as we look back we see things have not since changed much.Given all the different ways there are to distribute material, is there no other way to make a third season?  Or at least a two hour wrap up of all the loose threads......much the way Veronica Mars crowd sourced a movie based on the beloved cult hit.Perhaps Amazon should revisit this series as they turn to original program production.What.  Happens.  To.  Freddie????  Come on!.
I don't know how they do it. Each season just keeps getting funnier and more twisted. I don't care how much time they take between seasons, it's worth it. Everyone on this show cracks me up and I have no idea how far each episode is going to go. This is one of the best comedies I've ever seen.
This show takes you into the personal lives of these Mountain Men, their everyday struggles, hardships, and joy of what they do.  You actually get personal insights into their personalities and what motivates them and why they love what they do.  Also get to look deep into the rugged country they love so much and you get to walk side by side with these people as if you were there and they are talking to you.  A real diamond!
I love Duck Dynasty.  It provides a lot of laughs, while at the same time emphasizing the importance of family and faith.  Look forward to seeing the new shows each week.
Malcolm and Denise were the only people I rooted for. Malcolm is one of the 10 best players to ever play the game. The winner is deserving and goes to every single tribal council in the game. Lisa was pretty annoying and talked about God all the time. Lisa is a complete hypocrite and backstabs Malcolm twice. It's a joke that Lisa wins player of the year over Malcolm. Malcolm plays a good social game, he's good at challenges, he finds immunity idols. Lisa does none of this and all the religious people watching feel so bad for because she's so worthless and gets awarded player of the year. Abbie is an annoying villain who makes you think that Brazilians are crazy. Russell Swan is a big joke and he tries to be the leader of his tribe. Russell says he's not the leader than becomes a dictator. Michael Skupin is injury prone and shows you why he fell into the fire his first season. Jeff Kent is a complete DBag and tries to screw over people in his alliance. Penner is a great player and falls victim to not forming an alliance at the right time.
Is a great show and I would highly recommend it to the 'cowboy' or girl in the family.  It mixes the right amount of fun and comedy with serious content.  It has an outlaw element that might not be suited for the younger members.
Leverage, especially Timothy Hutton, was one of the best shows on TV.  I have every season on DVD.  Hated that this was the last.
Great show! Keeps the viewer guessing to the end. The taping is wonderful, participants are amazing & it's educational along the way!
Very talented actors, good script, exceptional lesson of humility and humanism. It's beautifull to see and follow. Script is very good....Perfect!
At the time of this writing, I have only watched the first three episodes of the second season of Devious Maids (however, I plan to watch the most recent episode and others as my schedule permits). Watching the last three episodes of Devious Maids Season Two was an easy decision for me due to the fact that I have also previously enjoyed watching season one when it was released to the public in the summertime of 2013.  It is best to watch season one of Devious Maids prior to watching the second season in order to better understand the motives of both the maids and their employers for season two. The second season is set up in a way with a fresh new story that those new to Devious Maids can watch the second season even if they did not watch the first.  This is because the first season dealt with solving the murder of one of the maids while the second season deals with different issues involving relationships and the strengthened friendship bonds among the maids. Please know that I do feel that many of the actors and actresses in the second season contributed to why the last three episodes of Devious Maids Season Two are fun to watch (especially the third episode: my fave episode so far).  However, I would have to admit that my favorite characters from this show (for both season 1 and season 2) would have to be Judy Reyes as Zoila Diaz and Susan Lucci as Genevieve Delatour.  Judy Reyes carefully portrays an overprotective mother in season two who is doing her best to try to be less rigid and is not afraid to express her true feelings to those around her.  Sadly, the man she loves wants to take a &#8220;breather&#8221; from their relationship and the drama between her and the daughter.  Obviously, I am rooting for her to have a positive breakthrough in the midst of all this(spiritual, psychological/personal and/or professional). Meanwhile, my husband (with cautious neutrality) understands why I would prefer the breakthrough. However, he guesses that the Devious Maids writers may be setting the Zoila Diaz character up for some time of drama or nervous breakdown.  We owe each other certain meals depending on who turns out to be correct in how the character of Zoila Diaz. I like Lucci&#8217;s Delatour character because she plays a happy spirit who keeps her head up and stays positive about her present life and future regardless of any serious drama that pops up. The added dimension of having the Delatour character showing genuine concern and sisterly/family type support to her long-time maid Zoila Diaz also adds the heartfelt qualities to her character.  The only gentle suggestion that I would make is for the possibility of the Genevieve Delatour and/or the Zoila Diaz character undergoing some type of professional training for a side professional career and/or entrepreneurship. Devious Maids Season Two is great for those who have watched and enjoyed the previous season and/or those who like light-hearted shows with a touch of mischief.
Hey!  What gives?...New episode is not available....Same issue with &#34;Dracula&#34;..Will someone please fix this issue?..This kind of lapse sucks when u look forward to each week...
Great show sad to see it get cancelled. Networks nowadays don't take enough risk or time to get a show on track.
This show it's just  keeps  getting  better  and better  with each  season. I loved  the first one, but the second one  is better.
Totally insane series, but lots of fun.  Great to have it free on Amazon prime.  Please keep these great series coming to Amazon Prime.
Fine first episode&#8230;Don more self-aware&#8230;insurance agency tense&#8230;women facing an uphill battle for recognition&#8230;.well-done&#8230;.It left me looking forward to the next installment&#8230;.
So far show keeps with the great family theme. Just good old country fun for everyone. Enjoy!
I didn't think the series could get any better but this season was better than the first 2.  So much more of the characters and the stories got even better.
Great acting, great premise, great editing.  It was like a short film.  The characters maybe revealed too quickly for a tv series, but cannot wait to see where it goes.
Just finished watching Season 2 and I can't find the review I'd thought I'd written of Season 1 so here goes. I watched the pilot episode last winter as part of i-Tunes 12 days of Christmas give-a-way and was immediately caught by the fact that it's set in Lunenburg, 20 miles from the home where I grew up and a place we visited to pay our taxes and visit the relatives in town. Founded by Germans in 1753 the now World Heritage Site Community has been a sea-faring town from day one. In any community where the inexplicable happens on a regular basis and men are lost to the uncontrollable force that is the sea superstitions and ghostly hauntings are commonplace. The fact that a Canadian fishing port is standing in for one in Maine not far from Bangor is a minor detail. The aerial shots of town, the views of the waterfront and the two main streets including City Hall which acts as the police station gives one who has lived there an eerie sense of home.To a large degree the paranormal events that form the show's storylines simply expand upon existing myths and legends that go back centuries. Mind you a show that utilizes the Ten Plagues of Egypt in the Biblical Book of Exodus is a might fanciful. If the filming locations in Hubbards, Chester, Mahone Bay, and Lunenburg and a sound stage inside the Chester Arena drew me in it's the quality of the writing and acting that kept my attention. Utilizing the cream of Canadian acting talent and 300-odd support crew the show sparkles. The two male leads are lanky, quirky, and ruggedly handsome playing off one another in combative fashion. In a supplement to Season 2 we are told to expect them to find excuses to take off their shirts more often in Season 3. Who knew a chief of police could be sexy.The enigmatic female FBI Agent who completes the trio of leads is based on a book by Steven King. The minor characters are not cardboard cut-outs, the two brothers who run the town newspaper being scene-stealers whenever they appear. Season 2 has a thirteenth episode which acts as a Christmas Special shot in July which must have bemused the locals. The town of Haven is an ever-present character in every episode always making its presence felt. Duke's `boat' lies moored to a dock along the waterfront should you drop by and a stone's throw distant the Bluenose II replica was lowered into the water in her dry-dock just yesterday, September 29th. Plenty of authentic lore present here with or without any additions.Shown on the Sci-Fi Channel the characters portrayed here give realism to the show that belies its venue. It's the kind of show that tends to draw the view in. It surely did me.
I love Suits!  Harvey Specter and Mike have such an interesting relationship and it has been fascinating to watch the characters grow &#8211; it seems that Harvey has grown as a person whilst mentoring Mike and Mike has grown in respect and loyalty towards Harvey.  They are a fabulous team.I wish the authors could work out how Mike could become legal!One can&#8217;t help but feel for Louis (he is so needy but also brilliant) but I would not like to get on the wrong side of him!  It was so sweet to see him in love &#8211; sad that it did not work out.Rachel is wonderful &#8211; a really important part of the Series.  She is absolutely unique and so likable &#8211; and funny.Jessica still needs to open up a bit; we don&#8217;t really know her but have had a glimpse here and there of a strong and kind woman.Donna is lovely and has really found her niche in the firm.  She is just right for Mike and I appreciate the strength of their relationship.All in all the humor and wit in the dialogue make this a very enjoyable piece of entertainment.
Thank you God for giving us something new and captivating from the word &#34;get go&#34;. To the &#34;less Jungle&#34; commentator, put on a classical DVD and leave the rest of us alone that want more than a PBS Great Performances symphony to watch, better yet, go watch PBS.I love this...high brow classical tempered with real life, romance and the about to be renaissance of a major orchestra - what more could you ask for?  (oh yes, pretty cast too, old and young - talented acting)Heck yes, please turn this pilot into many episodes!
Some of the funniest skits ever done on TV, these guys are hilarious! Key and Peele present life in a different light.
I didn't watch this show until I saw Season 1&2 on Prime.  I have since bought 3&4.  Don't take it too seriously and you will enjoy it.
What an incredible movie. I was pleased with the story line and the relationships he developed (even if he wanted or not) with the other characters.  Viewers will identify with any of the characters.  Sorry no spoilers here.  Highly recomended!
loved all the episodes and even cooked some of the recipes shown on the videos.  Will cook Turkey and dressing this Holiday season
Having been only a moderate Louis CK fan prior to catching Season One of FX's stellar "Louie," I found the initial 13 episodes to be absolutely fantastic.  Without a doubt, this is his breakthrough moment and performance.  "Louie" expertly blends the mundane with the profane.  It can be awkward, hilarious and surprisingly real.  I thought Season One had some of television's biggest single laughs of the year as it juxtaposed comedy club footage with Louie just trying to be a good person, a good father, and a good comedian in everyday situations.  Oftentimes pushing past the edge of good taste, Louis CK leads you right into the crudest scenarios possible but never loses you.  This is a guy you can identify with and share in his frustrations and challenges. I feel like Louis CK really lets the viewer into his world and invites us to partake in the unified silliness of humanity.  Nominated for two 2011 Emmy Awards (one for writing, one as Best Actor in a Comedy), this show was also included on the American Film Institute's Best Program of the Year roster.So I was really looking forward to this second season.  I'm going to be honest.  In its totality, I don't think the show was quite as funny as last year.  But in many ways, the show deepened and became far more unexpected and interesting.  While still the champion of the awkward exchange, many episodes didn't play for laughs at all.  I'm not sure how others would compare this second season, but I found myself really respecting the chances that Louie CK took in his increasingly personal stories.  Some of the memorable moments include life lessons from Joan Rivers as well as Louie's continued painful pursuit of a relationship with Pamela Adlon.  But many of the episodes (including the season's loudest and most obnoxious entry about Louie's pregnant sister) defy categorization.  The show is unafraid of dealing with parenthood in a way few TV programs even attempt.  There is a quiet poignancy and truthfulness behind everything that happens.  What do you say when your daughter tells you she likes her mother better?  Well that's the question that opens the season.The 13 episodes on this 2 disc set are: (1) Pregnant, (2) Bummer/Blueberries, (3) Moving, (4) Joan, (5) Country Drive, (6) Subway/Pamela, (7) Oh Louie/Tickets, (8) Come On, God, (9) Eddie, (10) Halloween/Ellie, (11) Duckling, (12) Niece, (13) New Jersey/Airport.Some episodes have two vignettes, some are self contained stories.  More than anything, this season shows a confident and creative show runner willing to push the boundaries of conventional sitcom fare.  Without a doubt, my favorite of the year (one I'm convinced will be Emmy nominated) is the expanded episode "Duckling" which has Louie participating in a USO tour of Afghanistan.  It's a great set-up with lots of laughs that turns into one of the most heartfelt and memorable moments that I saw on TV this year.  Seriously.If you didn't love Season One of "Louie," than this simply isn't a show for you.  Nothing here will change your mind.  As I stated, I didn't think this season had as many laugh-out-loud moments but it more than compensated by an increased depth and honesty.  It's strange to talk about a sitcom like that, but this is as close to real life as you're likely to see in a sitcom.  KGHarris, 5/12.
This episode, as all the episodes of "Louie" are, is definitely done by a comics-comic and it shows here. Louie doesn't take the usual sit-com method of cutesy heartwarming jokes. He's makes you laugh while you cringe at the outrageous things he says. The only thing I would change is to make the maximum volume louder to hear some of the softer dialogue better.
To me, the show just keeps getting better & better. I was shocked in the last ep, when Rick told Carol to leave...
Like many others I was wondering how Moffat would get past the 12 regenerations rule so Peter Capaldi could take over for Matt Smith and he certainly didn't disappoint.
Great casting with Angie Harmon, Sasha Alexander solving murders while juggling their crazy family relationships. Harmon's Dad disappeared leaving her mother to cope with three (3) adult children who seem to be in need of mothering - two (2) of her children are in law enforcement while the third is out on bail after serving a prison term not to forget the baby the black sheep son fathered after on a one night hook up. Alexander was adopted but learned her biological mother thought she was dead and her biological father is a mafic  boss who after decades of murders and theft he is finally being prosecuted.
I love thinking pieces that slow, methodical police procedural s provide. The actors and their acting are first class.  This pilot is almost in mid-season form.  My hope is that the series will continue to develop.
the series continues to be engaging and suspenseful in the 2nd season. Realistic llife like situations.  Some comedy, suspense, and mystery.
**WOW** I did and would watch anything J.R.M. is in. After seeing him in the Tudors. Then I watched Elvis. Unforgettable, TALENT ...!!!  And now I am watching this, I will honestly amend the rating if need be, but I doubt I will need to. I just AMENDED the rating UP to 5 STARS and would give it 6 stars if possible. I know I should root for Mr Harker but I can't because JRM is just so heartbreaking'ly CONVINCING, I am also under his spell. Also see him as Henry VIII in The Tudors and his portrayal as ELVIS is no less than stunning.
Culmination and unfortunately the last season.  Great ending.  Threw in some curve balls.  Significantly more action compared to the last 4 seasons.  Mikey dies, Ronan dies, but comes back.  McKay hooks up.  Teyla's baby grows.  Todd is in alot more episodes.  This does complete the series.  Still doesn't answer alot of questions, but the stories were never dull or boring.  There were so many different avenues, just like SG-1 could have taken, but in the end. . .one of the better closing finales.
Matt Smith is superb in the role as The Doctor, everyone's favorite Timelord.  He, as an actor, plays the role quite well and makes the character feel real.  The stories are amazing and the special effects are top notch, right up there with Star Trek or Star Wars.
I literally had to pause it about 3 or 4 times because I was laughing so hard that I'd miss the next scene.  I would definitely be willing to purchase multiple multiple seasons of this show.  I really hope it gets picked up!
For the first time I actually enjoy battle scenes.  The Vikings characters entertwining myth and reality is entertaining and the main characters growing ego and resulting foolish behavior is entertaining.  Having to pay for the season 2 episode was extremely annoying and as much as the first season was fantastic, we won't be watching any more if we must pay extra for them.
I like watching this TV Show because I'm an avid vampire TV Show (Vampire Diaries, The Originals and Dracula) and Vampire movie (The Lost Boys, Dracula, Twilight, New Moon, Eclipse and Breaking Dawn 1&2) fan.
Awesome show
Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio is back as the butt kicking Grimm/mother of Grimm/detective Nick Burckhardt, and she is sorely needed in the first two episodes of the new season. Nick is up against one of the most terrifying villains he has ever faced - the Mauvais Dentes. This creature has saber-like teeth that can rip you apart. While Nick gets reacquainted with his mother, Monroe and Rosalee work on an antidote for the poison infecting Juliette. Right now the poison is removing Juilette's memories  - starting with Nick. In a great twist at the end of this episode, it ends on a cliffhanger with the Mauvais Dentes after Nick. Fantastic start to the new season.
Grandchildren  loved watching this with their grandfather.They are twins who are nine years old&#8230;a boy and a girl.Belly laughs and lot of smiles.
A lovely season that continues to deepen the characters while maintaining the mystery elements of the show. Dbhiubfv thnfvtgntgbthtb that
I WATCHED SUITS FREE WITH KINDLE FIRE AND I WAS HOOKED. THIS IS A DIFFERENT KIND OF 'LAWYER/COURT' SHOW.SUITS begins  with an adorable fellow who comes in a law office and applies for an associate position. He never went to law school and has passed the bar for many others who have gone to law school. One of the partners (to be) hires him anyway because the guy is a genius and little by little his secret is found out.The story starts there and the storyline(s) and cast are perfection. If you have a Kindle Fire and Prime (worth every penny) check it out for (I think) three seasons free and I guarantee you'll be hooked!I can't wait until the next episode comes on and I can watch without commercials (I hate commercials).
I thoroughly enjoy watching this series ARROW.  The tie in with Oliver's pastand present is very intriguing.  I just had to buy the whole first seasonbecause I now watch every new episode on TV.  Fast paced, anda delight to follow!
One of the best Television Series out today. The combination of the three really mixes well and different for a change.
Keep an eye on this series. I see so many directions this series can go and I hope it will go. It also touches on some of the realities and emotions about life and freedom we all have. It makes us think of what would we be willing to do. And who is really right in this series. It's definitely not a cut and dry black and white good and bad guy/girl series. It will have you paying attention trying to figure out what is going to happen next and where is the story going to go? Enjoy!
interesting from the start. i am not typcially a fan of any sort of cop show, but this one was so good i cannot wait for the next episode. bought the season pass before it was even half over.the writing here is particularly good for network tv. this show could easily have been on hbo. i just hope nbc doesnt drop the ball on this one. judging from the rest of the slate available so far, this is the only one that isnt insulting and stupid. indeed its grand, nuanced and wonderful. and as i said, very very smert.
I thoroughly enjoy &#34;Parenthood&#34;.  The family deals with so many issues, the least of which is the size of it and the emotional closeness of it's members.  Sounds like a cliche, but &#34;I laughed; I cried!&#34;.  It is wonderful, with a superb ensemble cast and crack writing.  It is upbeat, but not sugar-coated.  It's about survival, and the support system that helps them endure as a family.
i started with season 1 friday the 11th of april. just got done with season 8 ..thuday april 18...i gorged myself with it..and fell in love with Keith Sutherland.. i hear he's coming back.. season 9 can hardly wait.
I love all seasons of this show and highly recommed it.  If you like modern family, fresh prince of bell air, and other comedies that don't have the annoying laugh tracks-- you'd probably like this one.  I like how it's naturally funny without trying too hard..  It's relaxing and stress free to watch and very funny. I'd say some episodes make me fall of the couch laughing and others are so so.  Give it a chance.
There has been a lot of twist and turns lately. Im almost starting to think they are running out of story lines. Im one of the ones who loved seeing Elaina with Stephen, so just sitting back hoping she gets over this Damon &#34;thing&#34; and gets back with Stephen. But that would probaly be to boring since the show seemed to start taking more after true blood... sex! Even though im left disapointed by some areas I gave it a 5 star because there is still hope for this series.
I think this is the best of the group.  Loved the characters - Bibi is a gem although she should work on her accent. Hope it makes. I would definitely watch more.
"The Orphanage" is a rare horror film whose strong emotions and believable motives make it a tear jerker as well as a supernatural thriller. Laura (Belen Rueda) spent half of her childhood in an orphanage on Spain's coast, before she was adopted. As an adult, she returns to the enormous and beautiful home, long since fallen into disuse, with her physician husband Carlos (Fernando Cayo) and 7-year-old son Simon (Roger Princep). The couple intend to re-open the establishment as a home for disabled children. But Simon's temperament is becoming belligerent, and he is fast accumulating imaginary friends. Then he disappears without a trace.This is a ghost story, but, in spite of its supernatural elements, "The Orphanage" has a rigorous logic. I appreciated that, as horror films so often get sloppy with their narratives. The story is propelled forward by two strong emotions: fear of whatever lurks in the house and Laura's fierce maternal love. Laura takes the audience with her on frantic searches for clues, which give the film an action movie pace and emotional immediacy between the thoughtful lulls. At the halfway point, I thought the film lost its pacing and went off the rails until I realized that the film -and the audience's perception of it- pivots at that point. Then I was impressed by the well-conceived structure.Director J.A. Bayona, writer Sergio G. Sanchez, cinematographer Oscar Faura, and editor Elena Ruiz, amazingly, are all working on their first feature film. Bayona harkens back to the best years of Hollywood genre filmmaking by creating the orphanage completely on a soundstage. It's a stunning set and a wonderful character in the movie. They go easy on the score and try to tell the story visually as much as possible. Belen Rueda makes us feel her anguish, desperation, and fear at the loss of her son. "The Orphanage" is top-notch gothic horror, comparable to the best psychological thriller/horror films that have come out of Asia in recent years. In Spanish with optional subtitles.The DVD (New Line 2008): "When Laura Grew Up: Constructing the Orphanage" (16 min) interviews director, producers, writer, cast, et al about characters and themes, acting with children, the set, digital effects, and the score. "Tomas' Secret Room: The Filmmakers" (10 min) is a documentary in 5 parts about various aspects of production: the crew, the score, the orphanage, digitally effects, the title sequence. "Horror in the Unknown: Make-up Effects" (9 min) interviews the make-up artists about Tomas, Laura's leg, and Begnina's make-up. In "Rehearsal Studio: Cast Auditions and Table Read" (3 min), the director talks about working with the actors. There are 6 Still Galleries of 198 sketches and photos. "Marketing Campaign" includes 2 Spanish trailers, 2 US trailers, and 12 posters. Subtitles for the film are available in English and Spanish.
The writing made the complete series enjoyable to watch.It seemed that each episode was really hapenning now or could in the near future.
This is one of the most hilarious shows on television today. The writers are great, and the actors fill their roles admirably. I own all seven seasons, and can't wait for season eight! Thanks!
I really like this series because I lived through parts of this and it really is true to that plus it is so interesting to know that a real FBI guy has been able to pull this off. The story is so real and engaging. I am into it!
The show picked up right where it left off. Their daughter may be their undoing in the end. And the interest in the Russian embassy woman who turned herself in to the KGB really continues the intrigue.
There are two solid reasons why this show has a loyal fan base: well developed characters presented by great actors; and interesting stories with involving plot lines by exceptional writers.
Yes indeed I want more of this show. What a representation of America, love it! Life is complicated, far from perfect, beautiful in its imperfections.
You have to watch it from the first episode, but there is no better show on tv today. With the type of ratings it gets there can be no doubt.
Umizoomi Season 1 (and all other seasons) captivates both my 18 month old grandson and my four year old granddaughter.  It is my fall back for every occasion, especially desperate moments (car travel, silently in church, waiting for food at restaurants, etc.).  I appreciate the fact that the children are learning while they are entertained.  I will even admit that the adults in the family sing every tune as well.
I pretty much like all the Masterpiece Mysteries.  That said, if this isn't your thing at present, I'd say give it a chance and expand your horizons.
love this show and have collected each season. sorry it had to end and all fans should add this final season to their collection
I have been watching shows and movies on my I-Pad and have found the Alias series to be a very good show with a great cast and story plots. Excellent for people who like a show with action and surprises. When you think you know where the story is going, they put in a small twist or turn and it goes off in a different and more exciting direction.
This show is truly an original./  The characters are believable and appear to be true to life.  The show is continued to keep me in suspense through each episode.  This is definitely one of my favorites.
If you're a fan you need know no more. It was perfect. "Laugh out loud" funny. I want to write more but it would spoil the fun for those who have yet to see this episode.It's a treasure.
AWSOME SHOW, I HAVE WATCHED ALL THE SEASONS AND WAS SURPRISE THAT SEASON 4 REQUIRES A PAYMENT OF 1.99 FOR EACH SHOW, VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THE COST WHEN THE OTHER WERE PART OF THE AMAZON PRIME COST.
I so loved the first season of Daria. Refreshingly nihilistic and amoral, this classic MTV animated series from the 1990s represented a truly wonderful break from the saccharine pap we're usually fed. It offered us a take on high school life light years away from the idealised vision to be found in so many shows. What we have here is considerably closer to the brutal - and just plain stupid - reality. What's more, "Daria" is a show that manages to pull all this off with a dry, rapier wit, and its own tersely ironic sense of style.I know that five star reviews tend to predominate here on Amazon. So much so that it becomes almost a running joke. I think that's because according to Amazon's stated guidelines, five stars simply means "I love it!", and most folks tend to review what they love. But in all honesty, this really is an extraordinarily good piece of animation. One well worthy of five stars by just about any criteria.As  is the case with any TV show transferred to other formats, it needs to be acknowledged that there are really two issues here: the show itself and the transfer. As most readers will already know, with Daria the big issue with the transfer was always going to be the music. Because the original show sampled from so many popular artists, a full and faithful reproduction on a non-bootlegged release was always going to be a copyright impossibility. In the end, virtually none of the original background music survived.Given this reality, for the most part I take off my hat to the musicians who did end up providing the substitute background music. They took on what was always going to be a thankless task and for the most part acquitted themselves pretty well. True, there are moments here and there where the music they provide is noticeably weaker than what we heard in the TV original. But overall they do a fairly solid job. Personally, what I miss most is not the lost background music per se, but the varied and eclectic range of songs used as end title music in the original broadcasts. These often provided an ironic or poignant counterpoint to the themes explored in the episode.The music aside, in my opinion the first two seasons, and the very first season in particular, really do see Daria at her best. Thereafter... things begin to go downhill. Slowly and intermittently at first, but by progressively greater leaps and bounds. The most marked change is that Daria the sardonic observer of human folly is replaced by Daria the moral crusader. The show's dry edge isn't entirely lost, but it is substantially dulled. So if you want to want to catch a great show at its absolute best, this is definitely the place you want to be.Theo.
Whatever History A&E is doing, they're really messing up the order of the shows. Only 2 Discs:From 2010:  Disc 1: Hobo Jack/Laurel & Hardy/Frank Flips & Mike's Breakdown. Disc 2: Pint Sized Picker/A Nanner Pick/Danielle Goes Picking & What's in the Box?/Have'nt ordered Volume 4 yet because once again V.4 has only 2 Discs & stuck on 2011's just like Pawn Stars. I've tried to email & write them but get no replies. Stay tuned...
My daughter loves it.  Wants to watch it as soon as she gets up in the morning. Not focused on tinkerbell but she does make an appearance.
Love Sons of Anarchy ...been watching all the seasons. You never know where it is going to go. It is great. The actors/actresses are awesome.
Yep, I'm a 30-something mama who loves this show.  I have no idea why, but it's my guilty pleasure.  I like to watch it after the kids have gone to bed.  This season will not disappoint.  The season finale finally answers a lot of questions, which I thought was great! And Ezra might have just redeemed himself.  But, who the heck is A?
the acting is great-i am from the south and i feel very at home with the way the characters are depicted and the dialogue is  rings true
April 17 2014, I watched this because it was based on a true story and I am a sucker for movies or tv shows based on true events, even if they fudge it a little for dramatic effect.  So, I forgot I had seen this before and re-watched it and it was still as good as before and I even learned more from it than I did the first time.  I still would like to know what happen to his wife.  Did she just go off and made sure she was never found by him OR even more likely: did he kill her?  Was her body what his father was looking at in the trunk of his car when he walked away instead of driving him car when he saw his father that night?  Lots of unanswered question on true life events too!
This series features political corruption, detective frailty, including both professional and personal errors in judgment, and characters who are all both sympathetic and detestable.  It is beautifully acted, directed and written. In our house, we tend to watch series mysteries all at once, like reading a book; not week by week.  This one was to TV as a &#34;real page turner&#34; is to written mystery.  We could not stop watching and we were sad when it ended.
Some of the best horror films released in 2013 never got the benefit of a theatrical or DVD release, and &#34;Contracted&#34; stands tall in the ranks of those unheralded gems. Owing a debt to David Cronenberg's &#34;Rabid,&#34; this films also deals with the deterioration of a woman's body and mind as she slowly undergoes a metamorphosis into something primal and inhuman. Strong on gore, solid on story and featuring above-average acting, this one is highly recommended. If I had to pick one thing to quibble about it would likely be the ending, which was a bit too abrupt and left me wanting a little bit more closure.
Good acting, good series, one of the better shows out there, totally worth watching. Fun stuff. Grimm with a twist.
My really picky 9 year old did enjoy the show and would like to see more. It's so very nice for the whole family to be able to sit down and watch a show together. Enjoyed how the story had some suspense.
This was Cambodia's entrance for the 2014 Oscars as best foreign language film. It tells the story of Rithy Panh who narrates his tale of what happened to him and his loved ones when Pol Pot and the Khmer Rouge  took over Cambodia. Renaming it Kampuchea and taking the country back to year zero. He uses a mix of archive footage and clay figures which have been carved by hand to recreate what took place. The missing picture are the parts of history that was not photographed and as such only those who were there can bear witness to the atrocities that took place.When the capital Pnom Penh was emptied - over two million people were uprooted and moved into the countryside. They had every modern thing taken away and were only allowed the clothes on their back - except the shoes and a spoon. The clothes had to be dyed black. They were forced to work in the collectivised camps often doing menial back breaking work that had no real value except to crush the will of the people. The individual as a concept was ended - the party was all that mattered. Death and disease were rampant and this is all told using the clay figures. The Khmer Rouge used to fire slogans at the people all day so that even now Rithy Panh can remember them all verbatim - like `Each being will be a revolutionary or fertiliser for rice'.There are scenes of animal cruelty here from the archives too as well as humans being mistreated. It can be a difficult watch in places but the narrative is often quite poetic. It is all in French with good subtitles. A very moving and sad account of what this poor man went through and told in an unusual medium. Whilst it may seem to be less immediate because of the little figurines, it still packs quite a punch when you hear what took place in 1975 to 1979 to a country the world seemed to have forgotten about.
Does Shonda Rhimes take genius pills every night??? WTF?!?! This show doesn't stop and delivers EVERY EPISODE! Thanks for such a great show! I'm a scoundrel for Scandal
See the review for season 6. Can't get enough of Morse. Such a loss when he passed away.  Will miss the excellentproduction, writing, and cerebral excellence.
I love this series, how can anyone give it a one is beyond me.  I love it because there is no prize money at the finish line, no back stabbing or secret alliances to kick others off the show.  It's only with pure will and determination that each individual wants to push themselves to see what they are made of, to have a real life challenging experience, to learn new things to form real bonds and learn to work together to create a tight community, each person working and helping each other for a common but individual goal. This is as real as it gets.
this show never disappoints! Even after all these years of being on the air. You KNOW someone's gonna get hurt, someone's going to get their fingers caught in a trap of some kind, or fall in a hole... and the suspension of what/when/where is always fabulous!
First rate actors in highly believable roles. The story lines are well thought out and rarely fail to catch my full interest no matter how ticked off I get at some of the ways they screw up and then live with the consequences. I like the way they have developed the character Gary especially. Great show that I enjoy watching - highly recommend if you are looking for more humanity and less violence.
Everything about this series is just that - beautiful from the tight scripts to the great acting, superb (and scary) direction, and panoramic cinematography. Sweden is indeed a magnificent place. An interesting note: as the episodes play out it becomes not just about one woman, rather an insightful look into many women and the complexity of many issues - children, motherhood, relationships, sex, abandonment, rape, sibling drama, separation anxiety...and along with all of this is a well-paced, twisty, crime busting drama with a very able and sharp squad of investigators. One plus - no graphic gore. Highly recommended.
I have really enjoed the series.  I was impressed by the smooth pace however, sometimes violent outcomes but a great storyand some last minutes surprises.
I have stopped paying for cable/dish TV. I stream all my TV entertainment through my Roku device. Amazon Prime allows me to watch a few of my favorite network shows for a very reasonable annual membership fee and small a price with season passes per show. The beauty of this is, I'm getting so much more with the membership and I'm only paying for shows I want to watch and I'm not paying when the show is either on a break or showing re-runs.
Wow-- The Brits may not have Hollywood, but they sure have us beat in the area of &#34;film values,&#34; as demonstrated by this fine series.  Come to think of it, maybe not having Hollywood is precisely why the Brits have such excellent film values!
This is a show I got hooked on.  A co worker suggested it to me but then I only downloaded the pilot and didn't watch if for over a month. I was bored one day and decided to watch it. I was hooked after that.  I watched every season so far.
OMG!!!!What can you say!!! This season is, so far, the most turmoil, dramatic, and heartbreaking!!  They had everything then in a blink of an eye it is gone! Now what is going to happen? Will they meet up, will they find others to ask the 3 questions, will they form more groups? OMG!!! so far the best! I'm watching again from season 1 to see it all piece by piece. I love the Walking Dead!!!
This is an awesome series and I am so glad that I have it in my collection. Spellbinding story plots for each and every episode that keep you at the edge of your seat wondering what's up next. Great special effects. What a great integration of the three main characters: a ghost, a vampire and a werewolf!
Since I watcheed the very first episode of JUSTIFIED, I've been fanatical about this show. It's never failed to satisfy, and it just keeps getting smarter. It didn't hurt that Timothy Olyphant, a widely underappreciated actor, was playing Marshal Raylan Givens, who is probably the most unique and entertaining characters on TV since before Hugh Laurie out-lasted his stay as Gregory House. It also didn't hurt that we were getting all these great character actors like Nick Searcy as Art, Natalie Zea as ex-wife Winona, and most especially Walton Goggins as Raylan's best "frienemy", Boyd.But where the show really seems to shine is with the casting of its villains. In Season Two, we had the extraordinary Margo Martindale as Mags Bennett, and the terrifically quirky Jeremy Davies as her son Dickie. Now in this season, we have another tremendously underappreciated actor, Neal McDonough as the eerie Robert Quarles and the great Mykelti Williamson as the quiet yet menacing Elstin Limehouse.The season begins in the aftermath of Season Two's finale, with Raylan wounded from not only the beating he got from Dickie, but the bullet he got from another member of the Bennett clan. With Dickie the only surviving member of the Bennett family, he intends to claim his birthright of the over $3 million his mother got from selling out to Black Pike Mining. Unfortunately, after the beating of Givens, and his attempted murder of Ava Crowder, he's in prison. Boyd, Ava's current lover (post Raylan), has sworn vengeance on Dickie and intends to kill him no matter what. Meanwhile Raylan has rekindled things with Winona, and we soon discover she's pregnant with Raylan's child; a relationship and a pregnancy made even more complicated by Raylan's constant run-ins with the Dixie Mafia (represented previously by another terrific character actor Jere Burns as Wynn Duffy until Quarles comes to town in exile from the main business organization in Detroit) and the various schemes and plans of Dickie, the Crowders, and all the other colorful characters that inhabit his world.From the season's very first episode involving a hitman who always gets the drop on his victims to Quarles' entrance as the smooth-talking, creepily charming and lethally efficient "carpet-bagger" and his eventual descent into addiction and madness to the endless machinations of Limehouse, as well as Boyd and Dickie in their pursuit of the hidden the $3 million will culminate in something explosive and life-changing (and probably life-ending) for the characters involved, JUSTIFIED keeps on delivering and delivering without fail.Also a very special character is the strangely-lovable Dewey Crowe (played with such incredulity and skill by Damon Herriman), certainly the winner of Harlan County's "Criminal With The Least Guile" award.With a crack creative team of talented writers and directors and an ever-expansive pool of great actors, Showrunner Graham Yost has put together the best show on FX right now. It never feels forced or manufactured. The plot points all seem to grow very organically as opposed to a series of chance occurences or deus ex machinas that a lesser show might employ. Despite all of the talent constantly surrounding him, it's a real shame that Olyphant himself hasn't gotten the attention or accolades he deserves. He may get out-shone by some other actors when he's not part of the scene, but when he's together with any one of them, he can match them moment for moment. The success of the show rests solely on how Olyphant's portrayal of Givens continues to be something of greatness, and he's owed more due than he gets.However, that's not to say that the people he's surrounded with aren't great. I'd really like to see Art more personally involved in more episodes, because Searcy's portrayal of him is so keen-eyed. McDonough is currently in the running alongside THE WALKING DEAD's Jon Bernthal for the Emmy for Best Supporting Actor (obviously at this point, it's just a prediction), and it's also a race for Goggins and Williamson as well.Since the finale is next week, and it's already been picked up for a fourth season, I guess those "long, hard times" will keep on coming for one of Elmore Leonard's best characters, and I'm beyond thrilled to continue to keep taking that ride alongside him.
great show, plots a little boring, but its an all around awesome show, and I hope the seasons keep on coming..
The complicated life of Walt Longmire, the Sheriff of Absaroka County, Wyoming, gets even more complicated in Season Two of a terrific series.  However, Longmire, an old-fashioned lawman with heart and grit, will have nothing to do with quit.  The audience will be treated to some excellent television drama in thirteen episodes plus some special featurettes.  And the show returns all of an outstanding cast.Several narrative arcs dominate the season.  One is Walt's battle for re-election with his ambitious deputy Branch Connally, who will tempted more than once to bend the rules to win, until it threatens the life of the woman he loves.  A second is an ongoing police investigation in Denver, run by a ruthless and tireless detective, which will overshadow Walt and best friend Henry Standing Bear by season's end. A third arc involves a man from deputy Vic Moretti's past, a relentless stalker willing to play hardball.  Somewhat, Walt Longmire will have to find a way to keep solving crimes in his county despite all the distractions.The writers have done a great job with Season Two.  The characters get deeper and more interesting.  Even the Ferg, Walt's youngest deputy, gets some quality screentime. The storylines develop twists and turns, mixing modern crime with a certain unmistakable native spirituality.  Can't wait for Season Three; very highly recommended.
THIS IS A WONDERFUL BOB HOPE COLLECTION, MOVIES THAT ARE FUN.I'D RECOMMEND FOR ANY AGE GROUP
They definitely keep it interesting, he's seems to be the new Dirty Harry. Boyd Crowder never ceases to impress. Like it.
Love this series fell in love by accident with this one years ago love sam and dean awesome in too many way and always getting better
wash the show play the game. that's cool
Season 3 gets a little more serious/dark, although they do manage to maintain the humor and chemistry with this cast.  The storyline carries through into Season 4, so plan on watching that as well if you want to know how they resolve the major plot points.
Was a fan of several series in the 80's Dallas being one of them.  Enjoy the new cast and this last episode was a nail bitter.  Can hardly wait for the outcome next week.  Thanks for keeping the storyline intriguing.  Have one great idea for a future storyline but no idea whom to write to.  Will see if I can find an address online.  Thanks to all involved with this show.
Everyone was at their best - or worst depending on how you look at them.  It just wish it hadn't been the setting stage for the end of the series.  True entertainment is rare these days and a story you can lose yourself in for a while is even more rare.  The Warehouse really is a living entity of endless wonder - and I will miss my favorite characters so much.  My streaming and DVDs are going to get a MAJOR workout frequently in the future.
I really enjoyed the whole premise of this movie. I thought the actors did an excellent job. I loved the character development both of the main actors did with their characters. The story was well written and tight.
I love to watch the dancing and love Richie.  These kids are super talented and I'm amazed at the things they can do.  So inspiring!
Started watching the first show and ended up watching the first 4 episodes in one sitting. Hocked on this show, can hardly wait to see more.
Yul is a great Survivor and is the mastermind of the entire season and deserves to win. Jeff Probst declares he was disappointed that Ozzy didn't win because of how well he dominated all the challenges. Ozzy is one of the best players to ever play the game and his game is pure according to Yul. He doesn't screw anyone in his alliance over and physically is a step above anyone else in the game. Yul is much smarter than Ozzy and gets more respect from the other players. Jonathan Penner is pretty funny and owns Probst in some of the back and forth at challenges. In the start of the game the tribes are divided by ethnicities into 4 tribes, which has never happened in Survivor. After the Asians dominate the first 2 challenges the tribes are mixed up. The hidden immunity idol plays a big role in this season. It's pretty cheap that you get to play it after the votes are read, so the person with the idol never gets any votes. This is a great season of Survivor, you should buy it.
Warning!  Multiple spoilers below!The bad news about DEFYING GRAVITY is that it was cancelled after its first and only season.  The good news is that the thirteen episodes making up the show are nicely self-contained and tell a coherent story that can be completely enjoyed on its own.  Telling the story of the first manned mission to Venus, the series focuses on the crew members and support team of the spaceship Antares, who we eventually learn are not going to Venus merely in order merely to explore.  The series splits its time between real time coverage of events both on the spaceship and back on earth and flashbacks to the period of time in which the selection for the Antares mission were being made.  I like that it focuses so deeply on interpersonal relationships and the development of characters.  Many of these things we learn only gradually, such as the entire meaning of one character's memories of the apparently miraculous resurrection of her German Shepherd when she was a little girl or all of the circumstances surrounding the botched abortion one of the candidates.  The story moves slowly and the show contains few big moments, but if you appreciate subtlety and elegance to explosions and shockers, this is a series that will definitely please.As a Canadian production most of the actors will be familiar from shows shot in Vancouver or elsewhere.  For instance, Ty Olsson has been in a host of series, including BSG as Captain Kelly and an hysterical turn in EUREKA as an android sheriff.  Laura Harris is a Canadian actress who has worked in Hollywood as well, most notably 24 and THE WOMEN'S MURDER CLUB, though most of her work has been in Vancouver.  She is probably best known for her marvelously nuanced performance as the sexually promiscuous thirties starlet and grim reaper Daisy Adair (she claims to have died having sex on the set of burning of Atlanta on GONE WITH THE WIND) on the TV series (though not movie) DEAD LIKE ME.  Zahf Paroo, who plays Ajay Sharma, is a character actor you see on a lot of shows like EDGEMONT, though I spotted him in a crowd scene on Caprica in the BSG miniseries and recently while rewatching DARK ANGEL I noticed him as a news anchor on a couple of episodes.  Christina Cox is a very beautiful woman with an unforgettable face who is always identifiable on any of the many shows she has appeared on.  She has long deserved a major hit series and it is unfortunate that this excellent show was not it.  The biggest name actor on the show is Ron Livingston, who plays Donner on GRAVITY, who has to live down having left two fellow crew members behind on Mars on a previous mission, a decision not made easier for him by the fact that he was ordered to do so.  Of course, knowing that, you as a viewer know that he will be put in a situation on the Venus mission where he will have an opportunity to redeem himself for that.  I loved this cast and found them believable both as a unit and as individuals.What breaks my heart about this show is how poorly promoted it was.  I actually never heard about it through any promotions and only discovered it by accident before it was too late.  I suspect the network imagined it would both be a show with stronger ratings and more of an action-packed show.  Despite being set largely in space, this is not a space opera.  Set only a few decades in the future, the technology is not greatly beyond our own.  Compared to STAR TREK the space travel seems (and is) primitive.  No warp drive.  No space aliens.  No space battles.  My one complaint with the technology on the show is that all communication with the space ship takes place live, with a character on the Antares and a character in mission control on earth having real time conversations, never talking over one another.  Heck, my friends and I talk over each other because of the lag with cell phones and VOIP.  In fact, a message broadcast from near Venus would take so long as to make any actual conversations impossible.  Communication would be more like sending e-mails to one another.There will not be a Season Two of DEFYING GRAVITY, but the single season that we do have works extremely well on its own.  We don't learn the secret of the mysterious entity that drives the entire project, but that hardly matters compared with the drama involving the characters on the ship.  At least the show's one season was a good one.
If you like watching stories of the paranormal this series is for you.  It's very entertaining and chalked full of lots of stories of the unexplained.  What does get me though are the EVP's (Electronic voice phenomena) that some of these folks pick up like &#34;Help Me&#34; or &#34;Am I dead?&#34;  If there is such a thing as our spirit's or souls somehow surviving after death, it would be sad to leave a lost soul like that without any help. Especially if that disembodied soul needs help stepping into the light as it were.
I can never guess what is going to happen next.  The writers are great at building in sneaky twists and turns to always keep you guessing.  The sets are amazing too!
I didn't want to watch this show. I accidentally watched the pilot and fell in love.  Now I buy all the episodes so that I can watch them commercial free.  I have watched them all at least 6. It never gets boring.  It romantic and exciting and who's done it all combined.  I for one love their costumes.
I am really enjoying this new &#34;Super Hero&#34; type show, he doesn't have super hero strength or powers, just really trained well, kind of a cross between Batman and Robinhood.  A wealthy Socialite that gets stranded on an island for 5 years, he is helped and trained by a man who is imprisoned on the island.  After being rescued, he goes home and tries to start cleaning up the streets of his town, per a list his father has left him.  This list is of corrupt businessmen who are &#34;ruining&#34; the city.  There's a bit of romatic tension, lots of action and battle.
I only saw a couple episodes of The Shield's last season and was sorry I didn't get started from the beginning. Now that it is streaming on Amazon Prime via my ROKU I started with season one episode one and I'm now almost through season 2. I love Michael Chiklis in this role. You can be sure that I will watch every episode of every season and will be sorry when it is over.
Having read, watched, researched samurai, this is one of the few that really express the intensity and life of honor that the true samurai lived for. Their education included so much more. They looked for and cultivated art and beauty, within and without. And honor, that was an art. This was an epic film, and although there were some minor plot holes, such as how a small village and 13 men were able to create a trap of such magnitude in such a short time, still it echoed the true spirit of the samurai, and for that it gets 5 stars. There was no glossing over the brutal life and death situations they found themselves in, chasing and being chased with 3-foot razor blades. There was also none of the fly-by-wire fights or over-the-top blood sprays.  Samurai didn't believe that life had no meaning, they believed that one had to GIVE it meaning, and boy did this film show that in spades. Yes, it was somewhat dark, but in several scenes one can see the care and grace with which they lived. Also, at this time, samurai were pretty much 'titled', and most did not have the training or the desire to pursue the ascetic life that often was required. That is shown here as well. Those who enjoy stories that have historical significance and deeper meaning will really enjoy this film.
this show has it all, comedy , heartbreak , romance . TALENT BEYOND COMPARE! Can't wait for season two I cant imagine it getting better, but i know it does
While not 100 percent  historically accurate The Tudors does a good job at telling what life was like in the court of Henry VIII played brilliantly by Jonathan Rhys-Meyers.The story starts several years after Henry becomes King and goes through everything from the Field of Cloth and Gold, the various plots against the French and Spanish, the birth of Henry Fitzroy (the Kings illegitimate son) and much more.Most of the story centers on Henry's marriage to Catherine of Aragon and his increasing love affair with Anne Boleyn and which led him to cast Catherine off and break with the Church of Rome to marry Anne.The cast is very good. And while it is not 100 percent accurate the acting, scenery, and costumes make up for it.
This is a great tv series. From season  one. The season four is the series hitting on all cylinders. It is better than the previous seasons. It is just a great story with great characters. Better than any movie I have seen in a liong time
This one had it all!! I don't think the writers missed a single trick and made it work! I liked the first season a good bit, but this second season blew me away. Not for young kids (lots of blood and senseless violence).
This has everything-greed,goodness,back-stabbing,sex,relationships that change,political corruption,drugs and the &#34;man with the hat&#34; is easy on the eyes....I have recommended it to several people, we are waiting for Prime to show the next season--come on Prime, give us a little Christmas gift!!
This is the start of a killer Italian girl drama sitcom baby! I love these girls big time! Everyone should have this in your collection!
No matter how many bad kitchens we see; no matter how many times Gordon yells; no matter how many times he tries to save one of the restaurants it never gets old.  Gordon Ramsey's latest season was one of the best with the most shocking of all the season with the very last Episode at Amy's Baking Company.  If you are waiting for the new season that is set to premier sometime this year (spring/summer 2014) where Gordon will revisit Amy's Baking Company after he really walked out on them is titillating.  You definitely want to catch up before the new season starts and this is one of the best seasons of the series.
I've been on board since season one.  The writing is just not as good as the early seasons.  The commentary and the extras are the only thing that saved this set for me.  The commentary was better than that jokes in the episodes.  I don't know how much longer this is going to last. If this is the last season, and Comedy Central doen't renew, They  went out on a good note.  If you can put up with less laughs and just watcing the characters on screen, it's a so so set that is passable.
Great show, pretty graphic so not for the feint or weak stomached. But overall well worth it and loved every episode, support it
I loved this cause it was so different. I get a little bored with all the killings and blood. This show keeps your interest up. As always all the actors were superb!!  I HATED to put it down.  It's too bad they discontinued it.
This is a great adaptation of one of my faves. The action is realistic, not gratuitous as in so many other police dramas. The acting is spot on. No one hams it up or overlays their role. The dialogue is terse; it sounds real. Please do a series, Amazon.
With the exception of the story line about the main character's ex-wife and the stolen money, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this show. The main character, the villian, the supporting cast are all excellent. I love the action, and the funny parts are awesome!
LOVED the pilot episode and am really excited about this series so far!  Halle Berry is captivating in the lead role of Molly, and the young actor that plays her creepy/cute son Ethan is perfectly cast.  Thank goodness for original series like &#34;Extant&#34; to keep us entertained during the summer months.  Visually this show looks like it should be on the big screen.  Looking forward to the next episode!
It is my dream to someday meet these people. They just keep going thru all. They are what ever one needs to be
Because it is an awesome show especially for people like us that likes sci fy. So, keep the show on.
I'm not one for football. I'm an MMA gal, actually, so I wasn't even going to give this show a chance. I don't know a lick about football, other than they somehow manage to stretch an 11-minute game for two hours or more. Seriously! (It's a fact... look it up. I dare ya!) But I thought... meh! Why not? I'll give it a try. What's the worse that could happen? Other than wasting my time. But surprisingly, disaster averted! No time wasted! This was laugh-out-loud funny!!! Yeah, okay, it was a bit cliche and cheesy, but every once in a while, if you're hungry enough, you can somehow manage to make that cheese into a tasty sandwich! And that's exactly what they did here. This was yummy! And a whole lotta fun! (The car-kicking scene had me spewing my tea!) Also, I'm tickled to see Josh Peck in this show. The part is perfect for him. (When my son was young, he loved the Drake and Josh Show. Unfortunately, he hasn't had a decent roll since then. All grown up, he fills this part perfectly.) I hope this is picked up by the networks, along with Bosch. Two completely different shows, but each with a great deal of promise. I'm hooked!
This series has easy to follow story lines for my 2 1/2 year old. They also teach everyday life lessons such as sharing and getting along, she learns something every time she watches
This show never seems to get stale, they always find a way to be original and hilarious.  Another great season form the folks of Philly!
I don't watch such graphic shows as a rule.  Got hooked in the beginning.  Now I have to see it through.  The acting is outstanding; the story-line intriguing. Again, one needs to start at the beginning or be forever lost in the tangle of Harlan County, Kentucky.
I have written two books about Ireland and enjoy movies and TV shows set there. Irish police forces (Garda) have many of the same issues as we have in our city forces. The old guard with guys who bend the rules, and so on. There is a real affinity between the two nations, and many Irish have become policemen in America--it's where the term paddy wagon comes from. This is a good story about a young officer struggling to do the right thing..
Great actors and actresses.  Good plots, love the legal situations. look forward to watching it every Tuesday Hope there will be another season in 2014.
BETAS is is by far the winner out of all the Amazon pilots. I could easily see this show on HBO as it has nailed that wonderful balance between comedy and drama. Almost like a male response to GIRLS.Very smart, very very funny, and I'm already rooting for these guys. I want them to find happiness! Great performances - of course Jon Daly gets most of the laugh-out-loud laughs, but everyone brings something. Charlie Saxton and Karan Soni are so endearing, and Trey is that great blend of somewhat unlikeable yet you're rooting for him. Can foresee a great arc.My vegan inklings of late have been confirmed in a HILARIOUS cameo by Moby, there was a reference to the Dagobah system, and a sharp commentary on the potentially anti-social effect "social" media is having on us. What's not to love???
Even better than season one!! this is a high powered great series in the minds of the greatest lawyers!! Purchase now, you will not regret it!!
Amazing visuals! Great show! I love when educational programming can be so entertaining. I often forget that this is based on actual history (in a good way).
This episode is awfully fantastic, but the movie is just... bad!  It is one of the worst movies that we have ever seen, but that makes it so perfect for this show.  The only cure for this movie is some good Chinese delivery!
GENEVIEVE is the best of the best ! She has style ,no racially spaced out modern crap.She is delightfully charming and seems genuinely care about her clients...
Really enjoyed watching this show.  It was nice to have the opportunity to watch on Amazon prime after missing the last season when it aired on regular tv.
Immensely entertaining. Terrific view of a family working together, dynamics, attitudes. Love the interplay, like if you weren't family I'd fire you.
I do love police dramas and this was great. I would like to see a lot more of this series. Characters are great. Please continue this series
I enjoyed this program very much.  The acting is great and Bosch is very much as I imagined him in the books.  I hope to see more of Harry Bosch.
Love the Christmas specials. And the Christmas Carol has become a yearly favorite in our home. It is just such a wonderfully different telling of the old classic.
Justified is an extremely well-written, compelling series featuring many interesting and quirky characters and unpredictable twists and turns.  Timothy Olyphant is excellent, but so are many, many of the supporting actors and actresses.
Are the folks in this romp stereotypes?  You bet they are!  But like most stereotypes, they contain a large grain of truth. And they are fun to watch.
Fairy tale characters like you have never imagined them.  Or, well I never did.:)  I would not recommend for kids under 10.  Some scenes can be a little unsettling.
My wife and I both love this show, we have watched from episode 1 season 1. Has a very interesting cast of charters.
The fourth season of Justified may be a little weaker than in past seasons, but it is still very good.  The main theme of this season was trying to track down a drug smuggler that faked his death years ago and then assimilated into Harlan County.  Both the Marshals and the Bad guys end up looking for him, which of course pits Raylan and Boyd with each other and against each other as in past seasons.  Of course there were ancillary plots going along the way that all ended up intertwining.There were new characters introduced along the way, most notably Colton played by Ron Eldard and Bob played by Patton Oswald.  Natalie Zea had a much reduced role this season (likely because of her role on The Following). and Limehouse returns toward the end of the season.  Unlike the first couple seasons there is far less of a &#34;bad guy of the week&#34; formula to the show.  They pretty much stick to the story arcs, so you cannot just jump in and know what is going on.  There is still the blend of action, drama and dark comedy that, along with the wonderful acting, has made the show so great.  There was probably less interaction between Raylan and Boyd this year (especially when just the two of them were involved), but when there was Timothy Olyphant and Walton Goggins continue to have great chemistry.  The main storyline does get resolved by the end of the season, but they also set up a lot for season 5 including consequences for Eva becoming more and more bad.For those who get the discs themselves, there are commentary tracks on some of the episodes, a few behind the scenes features with the actors and showrunners,  Not a ton of material, but what is there will make those who like the extras happy.  If you have liked the previous seasons you will likely enjoy this one as well.
Excellent documentary on the subject of WWII. Highly recommended series.
the only other show i ever watched as much was mash. this is a brilliant show with chemistry between all the characters that is hard to find in any other series of any kind.
What a great show. In six seasons it never disappoints. Everything about this series deserves all the accolades it gets. Now that its over, I'm having withdrawals! What an achievement. Proof that serial television can be on an even keel with great cinema! Superb.
This show continues to be enjoying to watch.  Some of the old cast leave and new cast members join the show.  It still is a good and interesting season.
Oliva is such a fun character.  I sometimes have thought that Oliva was written about my daughter from her imagination. The nice thing is that the show is very positive and doesn't seem to have any bad influences to it, which my wife and I are always on the look out for.
I would recommend the show to anyone who has enjoyed the gritty cop shows of the past as well as newer stuff because it is well done with good cast and sequencing.
I like shows set in this time frame. This show is clean, family oriented, and well scripted. The acting is not bad either.
My 3 year old son just adores Blue's Clues. No matter how old the episode, it still is fun & entertaining.
This seasons adds a lot more to the characters and the overall world of Ooo.  I can't wait to see where they go from here.
This is one of the best series of this nature that I have seen in a long time. It depicts the period well, moves fast, and has great acting.
best show on tv it s #1 ........ and number 2 is not even close.  each episode gets better and better never a let down. cant wait to see what is next
You are immediately sucked into loving the characters. This family will remind you of your own family...the smart caring son who is raising a child with autism, the 40 something daughter who has sacrificed her dreams for her ROCK STAR husband and is now raising 2 teens alone, the smart sister who has a great job and a stay at home dad, and the screw-up brother who is always messing up. If it doesn't remind you of your own family, you will be wishing you had a family like it. Great characters with real life day-to-day struggles. Best family show since Party of 5.
A great season that opens up some new chapters and closes up a few others. If you are a few you do not want to miss it!!
The Walking Dead is without a doubt one of the best action/horror/drama shows on television today.  It is the only tv show I know of that combines all of those genres with great story telling and compelling characters.  There is hardly ever a dull moment and I cannot wait to see each episode to come and hope this show lasts for many seasons!!
Intriguing insights into Edwardian class system.  A must see for those interested in pre World War I society in Great Britain.
Lucy Liu makes the show wonderful. She is wonderful and gives the show balance. She should have a stronger part
Adventure and the realitys of true life come together with a dramatic end for the Ponds and the power of love.
So great to see the possibilities of living abroad.  Also helpful to see how much money would be needed depending on the country you choose.  I was surprised at how expensive it can be in many places.
I can't get past this guy's Canadian accent; of course, you never hear it in this series. But I recall watching a director's commentary on deadwood and was floored at how silly he sounded. Having said that, this is a pretty good series and while it reduces to the typical love affair, broken heart, sad news, story that most series due by the fourth season, I have to say that this series managed to hold things together more than most. A worthwhile watch.
We watch this show all the time, and our 3 year old loves it! The show is not as apt to get her all wound-up like Dora the Explorer or Go Diego Go, but is anything but boring. It's the most modernized type of kid's show we have found yet from PBS that we really like as a family.
Great show.  This is a great flashback to the original Cosmos.  I hope it does for today's children what it did for me: developed my love for science and technology.
Great interplay between characters, Gerald McRainey is great as the leader of his people, Would like to see something new with Skeet Ulrich.
OK, so a town has odd troubles, so does everybody. But this town's troubles can kill you with just the cry of a baby. The plot thickens. I can't wait to find out what is going to happen next. I also hope the writers can keep it coming for a 5th season. This series is great!
OK, the beginning of the show is stupid. B-horror- movie drama - like the statue weeping blood for no apparent reason. Oooh, spooky. (Not so much). But I promise, it improves.The cheap, creep show theatrics pick up to become  deeply creepy. The mystery is smart and not at all predictable. It's difficult not to watch the next show, and the next...( I should probably sleep sometime.) Ravenswood is great, fun horror. Just watch more than the first 15 minutes.
...for loving, liking, or hating Californication.  If you've made it to Season 3, you've seen somewhat of an evolution in Hank Moody (emphasis on "somewhat") and the show itself, from a highly entertaining, ALWAYS well-written but relatively shallow dissection of the California entertainment lifestyle (kind of a 40-something, high-six-figure Entourage) of Season 1 to a maturing, in his own reflective way, of Hank in Season 3.  You came for the gratuitous ribaldry, now stay for the reality of Hank's life-choices setting in.Surely, many dislike Moody's antics and devil-may-care attitude about pretty much everything he interacts with, but the grounding principle of Californication is the sheen of LA tarnishes quickly when real love and family are at stake.  This is what I love about the show - it lures you in with its flash and fast-living, but reminds you frequently that the lifestyle Hank lives isn't what ultimately makes him, or probably anyone, happy.He's the ultimate lithario, just good looking enough to inspire attraction and a high-functioning wordsmith that almost always seals the deal for him.  As a guy watching the show, I would imagine most of us wish we could come up with, let alone manage to pull off, the verbage Hank Moody does seemingly every minute of every day.  Still, its a hedonistic existence that doesnt bring him joy except in the short term - but if Hank grew-up, what would the show really be?To me, this is a writer's show about a writer, and while there is plenty of sex and occasional action and drama, its the flawless, yet believably effortless dialogue that keeps me coming back season after season.  I thought Season 3 began well and ended on a much higher level than any prior year, with Hank's sins finally catching up with him in a big, big way.  Would we all, on some level, like to behave like Hank Moody?  Season 3 reminds us that we're better off watching him from a safe distance in 1/2 hour episodes.  Watching on DVD, six hours flies by, and like any good train wreck, its fast, spectacular, impossible to look away, and ultimately heart-breaking.
The second season was pretty good. More background on the main characters and the conspiracy, more creepy moments and some good writing in the episodes.
Just because I love the story line, and the involvement with existing situations, I was a little disappointed to see my favorites leave but looks like there will be some promising characters built in the series as it goes forward. Looking forward to the start of the new season.
Here we have the first season of BREAKING BAD.  It is amazing to realize that it is only 7 episodes for the character, plot and drama development is so thorough and realistic another show would need at least double the episodes to achieve it.  The basic plot is a teacher who finds out he is dying of cancer and thru unexpected situations gets the opportunity to make a great deal of money thru manufacturing meth.  He does so to make money for his family to be able to live on after he dies.  But the show is about so much more than this.  Every character is addicted to something and the introduction into the dark world of drugs is terrifyingly realistic.  This is honestly one of the best shows ever to air on television.  It tells a story that may be too dark for some to handle but the superb acting, writing and directing make it all work.  These characters are all believable, necessary and the intertwining of their lives is seamless.The show also succesfully combines deep psychological profiles of each character mixed with the heavy, often disturbing drama.  And the plot always serves a purpose, is realistic no matter how heavy, and is in no way gratuituous.  And with this show we also get one of the best duos ever in Walt and Jesse.  When Jesse, Aaron Paul, a former student of Walt, Bryan Cranston, joins him in the making of meth a perfect chemistry is formed.  BREAKING BAD also provides the occasional comic break that helps alleviate the heavy drama.  This series is a must for its great acting, superb writing and directing and totally unique premise.  If it sounds like any other series you have seen believe me when I say it is not.  The blu ray of course adds a dimension to the series over that of the dvd.  There are many dark scenes but the detail and clarity still shines thru and the scenes with color and specifically the lovely scenery shots pop off the screen.  Audio is superb.  This is  a series that is dialogue driven but when the action sequences happen nothing is held back.  This series is superb and I highly recommend it.
I loved this movie. I rented it on Amazon on Demand and thought it was better then the Rec2. Note I liked Rec2 allot. I dont want to spoil this movie. So, if you are a Rec fan go ahead and rent it. I am really looking foward the eventual DVD release. But I believe it might be awhile, so I went ahead and spent the $9.99. I have a feeling the US theatrical release will only be in VERY limited theaters such as the Angelica chain; which is only in very large cities. Sadly, I dont live in Dallas now, so I rented it instead. I have a gut feeling we are looking at a Spring 2013 DVD release at the best.
This is in my view the best &#34;C.S.I.&#34; show, beautifully shot, & the most entertaining, I still can't believe this one is no longer being produced, yet the original &#34;Vegas&#34; one (which has overstayed its welcome) is still on, one reason I believe is that the cast wanted more money, unlike &#34;Vegas&#34;, this one still retained most of it's cast members, however, this one I think ended on a good note, however Haratio never got Sarius (Kim Coates), a despicable villian from previous seasons, which was a disappointment, this one does give us a more human side to Calleigh Ducane (Emily Proctor) whose maternal instincts kick in as she seeks to adopt two children but worries about the demands of her career as a police officer, all in all a good final season, this one only got better with time.
Real people and real life circumstances made this documentary very easy to watch and understand. It was well constructed and kept me very interested in watching it. I learned a lot too.
I got into this show after the 2nd season and never looked back! It was very intense and exciting. WOW
CAPTIVATING ***..OUSTANDING DEVELOPMENT AND EXECUTION!!!! ,..TRULY A FRESH TAKE ON DOOMSDAY SENERIOGREAT ENDING ,...FANTASTIC...KEPT YOU JUST WANTING TO GO OUTSIDE...
Too bad it only lasted 2 seasons.  However, they did wrap everything up nicely in the 2nd season for it.
First couple of seasons were great liked the action stories the most.  I had missed a few episodes so was good to wsatch view them.
One of the best series of all time if not the best.  Storyline  and acting superb and ended when it should have.  There was nothing more to add but it leaves a gaping hole in entertainment.
Season five has fulfilled a lot of expectations  I had from the beginning.  While not tying everything in a neat package in the end, this one has loose ends.  Not enough to turn off those who stuck with the program for five seasons.  Rodney McKay, John Shepard and the rest, don't meet a terrible demise.  The show ends on a positive note. The evil Wraith, while not entirely finished, won't be bothering earth for some time.I recommend the program because it follows the tradition of SG-1 with a set of likable characters.  Woolsey, portrayed by Robert Picardo (of Star Trek Voyager ) does an incredible job as station captain.  It was good to see Colm Meany and the actor that portrayed the chief engineer on Enterprise in other roles.  I was glad to see Nicholas Pellegi (from the X-Files) in the role of a starship captain last all five seasons!What impressed me about this saga was the quality of the writing.  If only this studio was in charge of the Star Trek franchise!  They seem to be delivering much more in terms of action and dramatic possibilities.  There was more adventure in five years of Stargate: Atlantis than in seven years of Star Trek: Voyager.  The writers were fans of Star Trek and it shows in the writing.I wonder if they had to get permission from Paramount to use the beam up gimmick Trek utilizes so frequently? This show leaves open the possibility of a sequel or future films.  The last episode in paticular shows the fans there will be more in the future.
i really enjoyed this entire series and i hope that they have more episodes and seasons to come hoping for more is a great show
I LOVE Matt Smith (of course I've loved all of the Doctors in the new series). Clara was a fun and different addition after losing Amy and Rory. This was a good conclusion to Matt's time as the Doctor (save for the upcoming Christmas special). I know many folks prefer David Tennant over all the Doctors, but I love them all. Having a younger Doctor for once was a fun treat and I'll be sad to see Matt go, although I welcome the next chapter.Clara is a fun partner who is willing to face danger with a cute and quirky smile. I've read some comments from viewers that found her annoying, but my husband and I thought she was charming and spunky.We really enjoyed the second half of season 7 and cannot wait until August 2014 for the next season to air (so far away- why, WHY???!!!).
Poirot  is one of my favorite Agatha Christie's characters. David Suchet makes the character come alive . Never a dull moment.
I loved this show and wish it were on a local network.  I loved the action and intrigue..bring on more like this!
LIFE ITSELF is touching, funny, informative and often difficult to watch, and it offers an unflinching glimpse into Roger Ebert's life. Everything is discussed, from his early life as a newspaper editor all the way up to the medical issues he encountered during his last years. However, what I found most interesting was the discussion of his alcoholism, which I wasn't aware of before watching this. I already knew a lot of the stuff regarding his show with Gene Siskel. Still, it was nice to get more background and see it all in the context of his career, and the fantastic insight into his and Siskel's spirited professional relationship. I'm almost hesitant at writing a review of this in the first place, but I do feel like this was a very poignant documentary which serves as a fitting epitaph to one of the giants of film criticism.
This is absolutely one of the most original series around. No surprise there because Dexter first appeared in  book form (see link below). If someone had told me I would be riveted by a book written from the viewpoint of a serial killer, well...I would never believe it. But Dexter was almost...loveable and he has a certain morality, believe it or not.The series is different but I found it equally intriguing and quirky.Here's the real irony in this series: someone who is so far from having normal human traits, who really doesn't understand love or sexual attraction, can reveal insights into what it means to be human in a way that a more stereotypical series doesn't. It is similar to the way the dark parts of paintings illuminate the light, each complimenting the other. Dexter is dark but he isn't simplistic and he has a wry sense of humor.I was pleased that some of what had attracted me to the books managed to get on screen as well, including Dexter's unique humor and a certain presence that resonates from page to film. That pleased me. What is most amazing to me is how this series actually reverberated emotionally and touched my life in ways I never believed possible, considering the focus of the series.This could have been a flop. It was a brave move to put something like this on the air and I feared (before I saw the first episode) that the depth and complexity of Dexter, hiding beneath that slick, seemingly inhuman surface, would be lost. But my fears were groundless, thank goodnes.Dearly Devoted DexterDexter in the Dark: A NovelDarkly Dreaming Dexter
So glad I found this show on Amazon Prime. If you like a little supernatural mixed in with superhero this is it.
Amy Schumer is hilarious.  Her comedy is edgy and shocking and laugh-out-loud funny.  If you enjoy Louis C.K., Sarah Silverman, or The League you are going to love this show.Every episode has something off-the-wall funny.  Furthermore, Amy can act well!  Her expressions are silly and crack you up.Just a great comedy series.  Cannot wait for new seasons!
The show seems a bit goofy to me but my six year old great grandson loves it.  It is somewhat educational and it encourages kids to use their imagination.  All in all, I think it is a worthwhile program and I recommend it.
I started watching this because Steven King recommended it and I like Steven King novels so he pulls a lot of weight in my book. Well I'm hooked! You won't fall asleep watching these shows. Fast and continuous action are what keep me glued to the set or tab.  My wife thinks I'm crazy. Don't get caught up with facts and details just sit back and enjoy.  Not for the weak of heart. It's adrenalin pumping action that will definitely raise the blood pressure.Lots of foul language and violence so be aware.
I love Grimm.  I really miss it when the season is over and wish it was on all the time
Very strong acting, dialogue and directing. You feel like you are watching a first rate movie . I see this as a definite must see.. Tell your friends!
The show is great.  I love the paranormal aspect with the legends of the rougarou.  It's also a scary place with all the dark voodoo.
It is so good that i have watched it for a second time.  Just imagine if this were true.  Great cast.
The Tudors great series.,a history lesson embellished with lots of mystery an sex a gore !Costuming and scenes are amazing .ACTING SUPERB.
This is actually a very good drama set against an end of the world type situation.  If you like Walking Dead and Revolution you will like Survivor.
This was exceptional for the three to six year old.  The grand kids still insist to watch each cartoon over and over. I'd recommend it to anyone.
A good story line. The characters are believeable. Sad that there were only two seasons on Tv. However seasons three and four are available in comic novel form.
Best season thus far! No spoilers here ! Love the addition of the twins and the last episode was amazing best line "I WAS ALWAYS ALPHA!!!!"
Plot lines are engaging. Characters interesting. Always sorry when the show is over each episode because we want to know what happens next.
This series was created from actual case notes, manuscripts, diaries, papers and other ephemera done by and for the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel.  As a result it is a clear window into the history of the London and into the history of medicine. Heartwarming AND heartbreaking. Frequently disturbing and difficult to watch. Not softened by Hollywood but done in acid by British writers Colin Heber-Percy and Lyall B. Watson. The whole thing is brilliant - the acting, the sets, the costumes, the actors, the scripts... wonderful series!You can also find it by the other names it was produced under: Casualty 1906, Casualty 1907 and Casualty 1909. Searches for `The London' frequently can't find it.You can buy the 4 dvd set - Casualty 1900s  - but only in region 2 so if you are in the US you will need a region free dvd player...
while filming this season- 911 happened. I was stunned at what happened to danny Sorenson. I wanted to see more of his character. after losing simone-this was too sudden. new characters emerged and were good too and the flow continued. still made me want to see more.
Monk finally gets the ending he deserves.  With the return old friends, a new marriage, and one huge case to solve, Monk returns for the final time, as he searches for the man who killed his wife.  With stunning revelations being revealed and loose ends being tied up, we finally say goodbye to the world's greatest detective.
I was skeptical at first, thinking it was a Supernatural rip off.  Not so!  Great characters.  And Season 3 is really good so far . . . .
I recommend this show Very much so !! One of the Best shows out there !! You must watch it from the very beganing. Don't doubt me. Watch it !!
I love the plots and the actors. I hope it continues into the teens college days. Would love to see a book about this show.
If you loved Archer Season 1 and S2, then you'll love S3.  But I still wanted more and got just that when I checked out the extras or bonus section.  I enjoyed it.I decided to view the DVD again but this time with the subtitles.  I had no idea how much dialogue I was missing..If you're going to rewatch, try the subtitles.
Audio and Video quality are excellent.  The characters in this series demonstrate team work and mutual respect while dealing with intense situations.
I could watch a whole lot more of this series.  The character development is very interesting and easy to follow
The main character very charismatic, gritty and very rough around the edges. I am most intrigued by Copper and look forward to what happens next. Tough guy with a sensitive side, most interesting.
This series deals with universal and contemporary themes (genocide, genetic experimentation, etc.), which makes it rise above the usual thriller/sci-fi dramas.  These are excellent stories relying on outstanding performances by a group of 4 protagonists.  The plot relies on Olivia Dunham, FBI agent working on special assignment to investigate a series of &#34;abnormal&#34; incidents perpetrated by breaks in space and time.  It's not your usual sci-fi and plots out more like a good thriller because the character development is not overshadowed by special effects and story-lines.  Watch this from the first season--you won't want to miss the nuances.
I really love the show it shows what our law enforment has to do to get the bad people in jail where they belong.I would reccomend this to anyone
My 21/2 year old grand daughter is always asking to watch this show. I created her own page on the laptop, with Amazon Prime Video as her home page. So now when she has TV time she can choose the show she wants, 'Little Bear' is one of her favorites.  Each episode is a learning experience.
Good show.  Wish there had been more seasons.  It is definitely worth watching if you like detective shows.  Also watch the other two seasons.
Didn't expect much when I first watched the show but the characters quickly became interesting.  Meagan Good is terrific and I'd watch Victor Garba in anything (isn't he in everything?!).  Overall, it's a good show
This is a great new show. If you like the shows Paranormal Witness, My Ghost Story, A Haunting, School Spirits or The Haunted, you will love this show. I highly recommend it & hope they come out with new episodes quick!
Finally, a series that gets it right. Good amount of humor mixed with thrilling mysteries and science fiction. I was even happy with the ending, which is a first for me. Great way to waste an hour or 2 every night! :)
I love this show. I enjoy seeing familiar products being made. I find it brings back some great memories of long gone food labels, etc.Highly recommend it! The shows are about 20 minutes so you can fit a program or two into your day.
I just watched the pilot episode for SupaNatural and I have to say if Amazon doesn't turn this into a full-blown TV show I am going to find the crystal skull and play Junk Dick to activate it. So there! For those of you who have no idea what I'm talking about SupaNatural is a parody in response to the glut of TV shows that now feature supernatural happenings. It also pokes fun at the world of pop culture and features two young women who take things in stride that would send most women and more than few men shrieking for their mommies. For instance in one scene a giant spider menaces the girls until fierce blonde bestie Lucretia calmly whips out a tiny can of something, spritzes it in the spider's face and walks away with a "Spider puh-leeze" comment as the giant bug keels over. Lucretia was officially my new hero from that moment.The show is about Lucretia and Hezbeh, two besties who take the supernatural all in stride while they try to find love, save the world from evil crystal skulls and keep their dead-end jobs at the mall. While the whole "oh no, she din't" thing gets laid on a bit thick at times there are so many hilarious moments and one-liners in the pilot that I didn't mind. I was hooked the minute I was treated to the two girls walking through an ancient temple casually bobbing and ducking under, over and around the usual Indiana Jones-style traps while they discuss things all roommates face such as not bringing weird people home to the apartment and how inappropriate it is to go through your BFF's phone to bust her on sexting a poltergeist. Lucretia and Hezbeh are there to fetch a crystal skull artifact that the Pope himself has hired the girls to retrieve, so it doesn't fall into the wrong hands. Trouble is the Pope's check for the girls' troubles bounce, so they keep the skull which they soon learn is a loud-mouthed, rude doomsday device whose main demand throughout the show is to "Place me in the portal and commence Armegedon!"While deactivating the skull is no biggie keeping him switched off is alot harder since he happens to be activated by a tune that unfortunately has shown up in a number one hit song titled "Junk Dick" that keeps being played on the mall's muzak system and is everyone's cell phone ring. Priceless one liners ensue. When Lucretia discovers the skull is up and running her first comment is, "Oh mah God, the skull is on. That's bad!" Then her eyes wander to a nearby sale sign in a shop window, "75 percent off? That's good!" Right after that she glances over at kiosk hot dog stand. "Free corndogs? This day is craaazy!" I laughed at that and laughed even harder when she later shows up with a corndog in one hand that she uses to shut the skull up with after she weries of its rants to end the world. The girls do save the day, but not before a few demons escape, Hezbeh gets fired from her job, and a cute annoying coworker ends up getting trashed on Margaritas and manipulated by said skull.Basically this show is a sly poke at pop culture with a dash of adult humor mixed in. Warning--just because it's animated does not mean it's a kid's show. There are plenty of sex jokes and references to drinking and other activities your mom definitely would not approve of, so make sure the kids do not see this on your Kindle or computer or they're going to get an earful now and again.However, if like me you have a twisted sense of humor and love all things parody and satire this show is one to add to your collection. The fact that it features two strong female leads who are real women rather than Buffy-perfect pretty people doesn't hurt my feelings either. Let's face it Lucretia and Hezbeh could definitely school Sam and Dean Winchester on how to deal with the dark side. So please Amazon give this pilot life. I must have more!
Good, clean, moral show. Good for kids. Teaches them a lot and its not just waiting time watching useless junk.
Hilarious summary of all of the best internet videos.  Not politically correct and awesome.  Why waste hours surfing YouTube when you can see the best in a fraction of the time.
In this season Vic is trying to be as good as he can and not pull his usual crooked methods. The writing is still very good for an adult show. while my wife does not like the show I am enjoying every episode........when she is gone.
Captain America &#8211; Winter SoldierI have seen the earlier Cap film and I have been a casual reader of Captain America since the Jack Kirby/Stan Lee run, so didn&#8217;t know what to expect here.Story:The story is one of trust.  The Trust theme goes throughout the film.  People who you thought were your friend seem to betray and want to kill you.  Why?  Nick Fury finds that out fast with some help from the General Secretary, played competently by Robert Redford, who has aged gracefully and has some pretty evil one-liners in this film.The SHIELD helicarriers, what are they, a new peace machine or as Cap puts it, holding a gun to our heads to keep the peace?And what of Hydra?  Did they really go away after WWII or what&#8217;s going on with that?Characters:Love Chris Evans whole creation of Cap.  A man out of time, still trying to relate to a 21st century world where he finds the goals of freedom and democracy from the America he knew to one of subplots, secrecies within secrecies, and a culture of mistrust that could get a guy killed.Love the Falcon, remembering his team up with Cap in the comics back in the 70s and 80s.The Black Widow is no slouch, lots of shooting and beating and so on.  Yikes!Final Word:  Not a lot of blow up action, much more of a cerebral, spy story that might appeal to fan boys but is mostly created for a general audience that doesn&#8217;t know a lot about the Marvel characters.Stay tuned for the mid credit scene and a final scene at the end that makes you think and wonder.Sorry for an abbreviated review.  Tough to write this without giving away the story.  Do watch it!
We have really enjoyed watching this TV series. I get disappointed with the spoilers on face book.  Just not right to do that. I also think that children 12 and under should not watch this. Just saying, that's my opinion, and we all know about that. lol
I had not ever seen the show and saw a couple of Season 4 shows..... I really like them. So, I decided to stop the 4 and see the shows from the beginning. I am really glad I did. I love the beautiful settings. I love Auggie. (who for all you Ugly Betty fans played her love interest Henry for a few seasons). The show is fast paced and interesting.I like the chemistry of the cast.
Very funny show.  A little racy at times, but still pretty cool.  LOL'd many occasions.  Reminds me of ABC's Suburgatory, but the latter had quite a few occasions of ridiculousness, whereas this one's a bit more realistic.
Fringe is such a great show. It always keep me guessing and being a detective (sci-fi) show with a little comedy too is great!
I didn't think I'd like this show but I'm hooked. Even if just to look at Simon I watched his other series the guardian it didn't last long this ones much better
I love the haunted collector, John and his team are always compassionate and helpful when they do their investigations. I love the items that he always seems to pull out of places.....sheer history! I hope he and his team will be on for a long time to come!!!
Face it, 99% of all the ghosts/myths this group investigates are non-existent but it doesn't matter because, unlike Ghost Hunters, this show is really a travelog disguised as investigative documentary. I watch it to see what insane things Josh will do in the name of &#34;the truth&#34; and this season is the best in that. Remote locations, interesting histories, hidden tribes, with a dash of Survival thrown in.
I am such a fan of Connie Britton (mainly because of her portrait of Vivian in American Horror Story) and I absolutely love Hayden Penettiere. This show brought together two powerhouse actress for one amazingly dynamic show. The show is about an older country singer who refuses to be pushed around by her record label, and a young country starlet who is the chart topper of the record label.
My  favorite was Inspector Morse, but now it's Inspector Lewis.  I look forward to another season andhope he doesn't retire.
I am very impressed with this series: the main thing that struck me was the wonderful men and women who risk their lives for us &#8211; every day. Because they plan, keep calm and focused, as well as interact with each other with respect and camaraderie, they have a high level of success.  There are a number of times when I realized that someone else would have been justified in saying &#8216;we lost him&#8217; &#8211; not this agency &#8211; they persist and are rewarded by finding and arresting the criminal. There is something else that I really appreciated whilst watching; they do not get over dramatic, they take everything in their stride and don&#8217;t whine when they have long hours or are inconvenienced. The women are real heroes without acting as if they have to prove anything &#8211; they are just themselves &#8211; and excellent at their jobs.  Each case is planned in such a way as to minimize the risk of any escalation of violence, which is really impressive.  All in all, I would like to thank the teams of the Fugitive Task Force for helping to keep us safe.
I love this show. So funny! My favorite British comedians. The writers are amazing and this is one of my favorite series
I hope they don't take this one off the air, it really good and the story line is great. I love all the actor's and it's real.
I have been a fan since day 1.  This seasons' ending was the best so far.  Closure, but with enough tease in it to want you to see what's in store for us next season.  Great job, keep em' coming
This show is funny, charming, quirky, and the casting is perfect!  The young boy in this series is fabulous in this roleand David Walton has found the perfect show for his talents. Every episode so far has been sweet and entertaining, but include plenty of high-jinks to keep you coming back.
& funny thing about this lampoon and social governmental parody...  I believe everything about the storyline,...  Keep producing great shows like this.. I'm onboard.
Love the show, the mixture of comedic and dramatic acting are very enjoyable. If I have one criticism the British accented  dialog is very fast and sometimes difficult to understand.
I love this series...cannot even guess what's next....love the duel story lines.Couldn't be sure at first where the center of everything was going to be about, but it progresses well to where it is going, week after week!  You just won't want to miss any story.
I have been a fan of the show since I saw the first episode. it has its slow points and action packed moments. but what makes this show stick out is the twist and turns. watching this show is kind of like driving in a winding canyon at top speed in a corvette. some turns ya see others you try to make but you just don't know if your going to end up in the rail or down the road. only stopping to cheek your self after a sharp turn.  if you like watching Zombie movies or like seeing the human element in something other then a &#34;reality tv show&#34; you should love all of the walking dead
Although the second season of Longmore starts out kind of slowly, it gets better and better as the season progresses, then it just gets fantastic in the last few episodes.  What a climax in the last one!
we enjoy comics brought  to life
We loved it!  The story and actors are first class!  Very entertaining work of art.  We highly recommend this series!
Still following the show pretty well.  Still surprised by the character development and story twist that pull me into the show.
Loved Betas.Interesting twists and turns.Keeps you wanting more.Would highly recommend........Would like to see the showing increased to Saturday as well.Lets have a Beta Party.
Doctor Who is an awesome show!  I always love the Christmas specials and this one was no different.  It even leads into the Doctor's new companion!  LOVE IT!!  WATCH IT!!
I love Sci-fi so this show is right up my alley. Great FX and two great lead characters make for entertaining TV. Karl Urban and Michael Ealey are very effective in their roles as Detective John Kennex and his unique android partner Dorian. Their chemistry is already evident and I hope they get  the chance to hang around and explore it further. It would be nice to get to know some of the other characters in the show as well.
I can hardly wait to see the next episode to find out how the Mason family escapes their captors to reunite tha family and continue the fight. Very disappointed in the Cochise factor though...perhaps he will redeem himself...
Foyle's War is a very rare treat. Michael Kitchen is able to do so much with the greatest subtlety. The supporting cast is excellent, although Honeysuckle Weeks's character lacks the depth of the others. The production values are brilliant -- and the era is captured perfectly. The writing is as good as you'll see on TV. In all, the show compares favorably even with feature films.
Great great great! I love all these older seasons of Survivor. I especially liked this season because unlike most seasons, they are not on a beach on an island. A little change of scenery was appreciated.
This is the best TV show I've ever seen.  It is intelligent and exciting.  It always keeps you guessing as to what will happen next.
This was the best season of Voyage To The Bottom Of The Sea starring Richard Basehart a hugely underrated American actor who has performed on stage, screen, and many guest starring dramatic roles on various TV series, movies made for TV, specials, and also has narrated many outstanding documentaries and has a career that spans from the 1940's until his passing September of 1984. The stories in the first two seasons were taught, gritty, with many of the episodes involving cold war espionage and a few aliens and undersea monsters tossed in here and there. Seasons 3 and 4 contained more monsters and aliens and centered more on fantasy. This was a show that was geared for all ages. Voyage To The Bottom Of The Sea has been around since it originally aired on ABC on September 14, 1964 and has been run on many networks in syndication since it went off the air in 1968. All 110 episodes have also been released on DVD which I also own and I recently decided to buy season 1 on instant stream to go along with the other TV series and movies I have in my video library. I like the convenience of instant stream videos because I don't have to get up to change DVD's.  I only have one negative thing to say about this and that is why seasons 2, 3, and 4 are not available on instant stream. I would like to see the rest of the series be made available in this format. It saves the wear and tear on my DVD's. Unfortunately FOX released Voyage on double sided DVD's and those don't seem to hold up well with a lot of use. I really wish FOX had not skimped on the quality of the DVD's for this and other series they have released on double sided DVD's. I believe there will come a time when everything will be on instant stream and there won't be any more DVD's to hassle with.
Great entertainment, writing and acting are top notch,This show is very smart. It's funny, dramatic, and has enough forensic &#34;stuff&#34; to keep everyone interested but not too grossed out. The characters are engaging--Dana Delany as Dr. Megan Hunt is humorously inept in life, but perfectly charming in her professional career as a medical examiner while Jeri Ryan as Dr. Kate Murphy is the coolest and hottest boss around! The supporting characters/actors also keep the show moving and interesting. The episodes just get better and better as more of each character's back-story comes out.
The acting was great.  I like that it dealt with so many issues that we face today.  How does a family deal with a parent who is dying.
I love this show.  It is just fun to watch these women.  I laugh and laugh, but every once in a while there is a tender moment when in there too.  The cast works well together.  It is, however, not for kids.  Probably women in the 40 up age range will get the most entertainment out of this.
This series is fun to watch. It does not take itself too seriously. It is not swarmy, melodramatic,or too much &#34;hollywood&#34;The actors seem to have fun and not forced to be the 20 something drama-queens you see these days in many sumilar series.
This is my favorite show.  I find it to be inspirational and moving along with being very funny.  Thank you for allowing me to watch it on your site.
Don't know if they can sustain such a smart and intense storyline but the pilot episode was pretty awesome for an action-drama thriller.  Thought provoking, complex, and fast-paced with a lot of mysterious plot points and characters.  Let's hope they build from here and not taper off to hum-drum land. The pilot ep is a must-watch.
Constantly exploring the fading line between right and wrong  the good guys and bad guys hash it out with guns knives bottles fists and acerbic wit. The dialogue in this show is to die for, for the characters often literally.
This movie surpassed my expectations for it!  Maudlin and stirring with deep regret and a heartfelt sadness that is not easily expressed.  Piven is a very good actor for a young talent.  Having sons, sons who drifted away through traumatic separations make it difficult to watch.  Losing someone is a living death though they are alive; still it is like a death when they are out of a person's life.  Divorce has made a Nation full of dislocated parents and children.  Asking why a thousand times a day doesn't make it any better or different!
not a lot cussing and a lot of action it is also good work on the plot and the video is clear and looks real
Did you grow up in the 80's?Did Ghostbusters change your live?Did you mom wear stone washed denim jump suits?If so you can't miss The Goldbergs.The plot is pretty simple. It's a typical American family with 3 kids and a quirky grandfather. They go through typical family life shenanigans. But all with the backdrop of the 1980's. The show doesn't really HAVE to occur in the 80's, but it makes it so much better that it does somehow!The show is based on the actual life of the producer, who based all the characters on his own family. He even puts video clips of his actual 1980's life at the end of every episode so you can see the real people and events that episode was based on!In the end it's a sweet loving family, even though it doesn't always look that way. It's a cute show with hillarious story lines abotu growing up and being parents. There's something there for everyone!Personally I'm eagly anticipating the Max Headroom reference that you know is coming!
I was looking for a comedy series and started watching Parenthood on Prime.  WOW... got sucked in and have been watching show after show.  the acting is outstanding, writing is amazing, realistic, not like a laugh track sitcom.  The comedy is subtle... sometimes just glances or a raised eyebrow, but really funny.  This show is more like a drama with the comedy suffused through it that life always provides. The families are loving and sweet and quirky and dysfunctional all at the same time.  Warning, if you're a big conservative, give this a pass... there are mixed race families, drug use by teens, etc, etc... just like in real life.
This is a fun show to watch at the end of the day. Lightweight and humorous .Good clean show.
Wow great great show. makes you sit there and not want to blink so you wont miss anything.Great job !!!!!!I hope yall keep the story line going.thanks:>)O.M.G. I realy hope that episode#13 on season4 was not the end of the season what a bad ending not good omfg you cant do that to jim longworth what a bad way to end please tell me we have one or two more to go before the next season please.this is one of the best cop shows ive ever watched
This season really ups the ante from season 1. Things get more tense, more sinister and a bit darker. There are still a lot of fun moments and a bit of humour, which makes the show really well-rounded. There is something here for everyone. I imagine this show has quite a good fan-base by now, but if you're late to the party, you will most likely love this show. Especially if you're a sci-fi fan
Every show is different. And I love that they did different people not just one family. I never new that people actually hunted alligators until this show.
My partner is a Political Science Professor and watching Parks & Recreation with her has been wonderful to help understand some of the little innuendo that comes with understanding a comedy dealing with local government.  There are some issues that are so politically incorrect that you'll just have to laugh.  I've loved this series and have them DVR'ed and watch them over and over.  I look forward to the actual release of the DVD (which I have pre-ordered) so that I can watch the episodes without commercial interruption.The characters are extremely funny and stereotypical to what you might imagine a government worker to be like.  Lines like:"What I can accomplish in government can actually be measured" (after one of the characters is commended for lowering a speed bump two inches).The humor can be dry at times (love it) and it brings out a wonderful side of Amy Poehler[...]A mockumentary series at it's best!
I enjoy Downton Abbey, upstairs downstairs and others.  I'm really enjoying the Lark to series very much as well. It's not filthy and foul. Yes there are scandalous goings on. But we can use our imagination...it's not overly violent. And it's about people not violent human killing viruses or machines.  I really enjoy watching the clothing, earrings etc being worn, especially on my kindle fire HDX. Beautiful
Funny, quirky and extremely entertaining for all ages - I hope there is another season in the works .... enjoyed every episode
This is my favorite show
Love Monk!! Great show,they should bring it back.It' hard to find great shows like Monk.Tony Shaloub is  amazing  in this show .
As two sisters return to their childhood home to pay last respects to their deceased mother, they stay overnight in the house. Suddenly, their visit becomes a Nightmare of horror as what's inside begins to haunt. This is a spine-tingling thriller-horror, packed with suspense and creepy events. Scary scenes and heart-pounding events of the unexpected.  Perfect for horror and thriller lovers. Highly Recommended!
I have seen every single episode of Grey's Anatomy! I love this show. There is always a new twist to keep you on the edge of your seat. I highly recommend this show!! It gets a five star plus!
This season is full of action and adventure. Loved it! Just when your thought you knew where the show was going it changed directions and went into a shocking spin. James Spader rocks his character.... Try it....
Great potential with all the passion and competition it will lend itself to great plot lines. I didn't read the book, so I have no idea if they intend to follow something already established or if they will invent as they go. Good acting so far, but there could be some pitfalls in trying to imitate artists if they use actors that have no background or do not do due dilligence in researching and practicing the subject and skills involved.
I do not watch reality shows because most of the time people are portrayed displaying the worst possible behavior. Hoarders show people that are dealing with a mental illness. As the team works with the hoarder to clean up their property, they allow the hoarder dignity and compassion. Each hoarder has their own story but each person has such difficulty detaching from their &#34;treasures&#34;. Yesterday, I found out that there is a house just five houses from mine that could be shown on the Hoarders show.
I was skeptical of Lucy Liu as Watson, but she has been the best side-kick that Holmes has ever had.  Fast paced, witty, and a superb supporting cast for the two lead actors.  I have enjoyed this so much and so enjoy watching without commercials that I have purchased both the first and second seasons.
Sharp doesn't describe the wit and humor.  I know actors are leaving the show but I hope this one goes on for a long time...
Ha ha ha
If you like science fiction, drama, and romance you'll love this show.  I love how it has drama without being overly stressful.  I'd particularly recommend this show for women.  And the two main characters are very nice eye candy and play their parts well.
Anything Spielberg involved with is going to be first rate. This  series is imaginative, exciting,and full of surprises. The writers are superb. When you develop a world as interesting as Falling Skies, there is no limit (skys the limit??oh no) Seriously, this series has all the mystery, intrigue, character development , creation of a believable 'world', lots of twists and turns, love the different alien characters...it's superb sci-fi as only Spielberg can bring to the screen each week. One can hope it remains for several years.
I purchased this as a gift for my son for Christmas, these shows can make anyones holiday delightful. Sheldon  is extremely intelligent, but can't relate to other people or their emotions.Leonard is a hopeless romantic, and a complete nerd. Howard, lovable, yet has a mother complex problem.Raj is east indian , can't get a girlfriend, and can not talk to women unless he is drinking.GREAT SHOW, WORTH EVERY PENNY.
Forget what you saw in the Green Lantern movie!  This cartoon is true to it's comic book origins.  The CGI is perfect for this intergalactic cartoon.  The Green Lantern Corps is perfectly portrayed in this animation breakthrough. Think Incredibles style animation and quality on a weekly basis. That's how good this cartoon is!  This one is worth the price of admission.  If you like the comic book genre and a well written and acted cartoon, this one is a keeper!  Attention is paid to the character development and villains that are worthy adversaries to the hero.  This one doesn't try to dumb down the characters for a young audience. Adults and kids will watch this again and again!
On the edge of my seat, to put it briefly.  A quiet production, meaning, if you like chases and fights you may not enjoy the cerebral nature of a spy story from the point of view of analysts sitting around a table.
The sudden upheaval of a middle-aged woman's stability gets a character driven, farcical and hilarious spotlight shone on it, pulling out her vulnerability into a personal triumph.  Written and directed by Joan Carr-Wiggin, 'If I Were You' is the perfect film to showcase the tour de force comedic talent of Marcia Gay Harden (Madelyn).An unlikely and manipulated friendship begins, quite by happenstance, between Madelyn and her husband Paul's (Joseph Kell) newly discovered mistress.  "A bouncing bimbo", Lucy (Leonor Watling), is the office temp involved in the affair who gets caught by Madelyn.  Turning up the heat, this heartbroken wife, along with the "Plan B" mistress, join forces to advise each other on what should be done concerning their lives, and concerning Paul.  This unholy alliance has a twist here as Lucy does not know that Madelyn is actually Paul's wife.  Let the games begin ...There are so many places in this madcap setup that could have caused this story to sink; subplots, predictable in spots, and keeping the level of comedy above the water.  I found myself laughing throughout it all.  A scorned and out of character, corporate wife, along with an endless bottle of Scotch, becomes increasingly sarcastic and shrewd.  Madelyn had been at a place in her life where she was thinking of a peaceful retirement with Paul and their lives getting to a slower pace.  Infidelity then rears its ugly head and pulls the rug right out from under her.Along with lovely music (Paolo Buonvino) and an indescribable "King Lear", a whole stage play theme is worked in.  The tone of condescension amid the characters gets a solid punch in the film's own third act.  Viewing Shakespeare done this way is a well appreciated treat, definitely over-the-top and a personal gain for Madelyn.  I found within the premise of this movie that women can learn so much from one another if we take the time.  When women are older and think they have it all; they don't, and when women are younger and think they know it all, well, they don't necessarily ... Either.
My basic cable service didn't carry TVLAND so I had never watched this show until I bought my Kindle Fire HD and Prime subscription. I'm catching up with this show and it has been fun.Season 1 will tell you how these 3 L.A. women ended up living in Cleveland with a feisty 90 year old in Cleveland. It has been a lot of fun and chuckles watching this show. It is heart-warming to see some of the surprise guests who make an appearance or are reoccurring guests. Comedian men of a certain age get to show up regularly as dates of Betty White: Don Rickles, Tim Conway, Carl Reiner to name a few. Handsome heartthrobs like John Schneider show up as potential boyfriends for the other actresses.The sets for the different rooms in their house have great visual appeal.Each show is a solidly good production with a lot of fun entertainment.Watching this show for free is paying for my Amazon Prime Membership.
Without a doubt, one of the best parts of How I Met Your Mother is Neil Patrick Harris's very randy Barney. It's amazing how he gets involved in Lily and Marshall's nanny search. But it's just one example of how the show successfully ties the problems of one couple or character into those of the others.
Not as interesting as watching Kyra Sedgewick and figuring out what is wrong with her mouth, but the rest of the characters are still entertaining. Plus, who knew she was married to Kevin Bacon?
This is a great series with fun and entertaing twists and turns. The humor is so bad that it's good. A good investment of time.
Combination of CGI and NASA plus ESA footage that creates a magical perspective on what mankind's past and possible future space exploration
I love it... I love Lucy Lui either way, but I feel they work well off each other. You can feel the bond they're building with each episode... or at least more puzzle pieces found to help complete the mystery of each of the characters. Both are brilliant in their own way. They're good for each other!
Walking dead they are... but there is a story with this show and that makes it exciting and full of suspense. Great Show!
Consistently good reporting, with point of view from multiple perspectives. Not sensationalized. Stories are about the world, and their topics are substantive, not the junk you see on TV news.
But the stories are compelling and the human tragedy is overwhelming. How can people live this way??? You might avail yourself of the info provided to help steer yourself and family away from this deathtrap lifestyle.
Storage Wars is addictive. It is entertaining and funny. You get to know the characters and can't wait to see who gets the biggest deal. I highly recommend this program.
Excellent audio and video quality.  Episodes are short (maybe 22 minutes each) because Americans are trained to expect excessive ads when you watch TV on cable.  A fun series for fans of HTTYD and a continuation of the two seasons of &#34;Riders of Berk&#34;.
Bones is a great show very entertaining and a multitude of different relationships going on throughout the show. It is a very entertaining weekly drama with a nice back story to it. It shares circumstances that have happen over the prior seasons. A great show to watch. The first few minutes tend to be kind of graphic so I suggest not watching while eating.
I have read a lot of Elmore Leonard. I have watched most of the movies and TV programs based on his works. They work. They work primarily because Leonard's books are entertainments without a lot of superficial adornment. The characters are revealed in the dialogue and don't need a lot of authorial asides and explication. The dialogue and action evoke the landscape."Justified" works. It remains true to Leonard's spirit in both dialogue and action. The landscape provides the necessary mood. The acting is as good as it gets. The music is appropriate and effective. As an entertainment, "Justified" excels. It worksAs regards nothing in particular and is only my humble opinion, the actors in "Justified" seem to truly enjoy the story and the opportunity to actually play a role on TV that not only requires acting, but rewards it.
I just found  this series and bought the  season 1 pass. It was so good I watched the entire season this weekend. I willbuy all the remaining seasons. This show has the best cast on TV today
Heart warming, gentle, witty, and subtly outrageously funny. Morgan play a sweet curmudgeon whose heart slowly melts each day as he spend more time in the Belle, a truly magical place where goodness is brought out in the most cynical of people. Virginia Madsen plays a wise, patient and loving mother of three very different daughters. Other characters on the island are quirky but good solid people. Makes one wish she could live in the Belle for the rest of her life.
Interesting group of people, good stories and side stories.  I have to wait for season 4 to hit the states.  Watch it.
Fun to watch!  It shows how important a team like the Avengers would be.  Love the character interaction and the fight scences.  Good job marvel.  Lets get some more shows like this on.
I love sci-fi. This almost makes me wish that I had a chance to be on the Destiny. Imagine if we could experience something like this. Great imagination. I wish it was still on. Everyone who is behind the show did absolutely fabulous job and thanks to Amazon for bringing us the series.
Good writing excellent cast..  Funny situations. Laughed out loud lots of times. Recommend to lift your spirits. Timely in many ways.
The writing, the directing, and most of all, the acting in this show is amazing. I wish I could talk as eloquently as Boyd. What's fun is that everyone seems to understand him even though it's set in the hills of Kentucky where one would expect there to be little or no education. I think Boyd is my favorite character followed by Raylan. Now, there's an actor. With his squinty eyes and facial expressions, he often doesn't have to say a word for you to know what's going on in his head. And, just about everything that does come out of his mouth is riddled with humor or sarcasm. If you get him to smile, he just lights up the room. I love this show and wish it wasn't coming to an end. But, it is what it is.
Oh how I wish this show was still on the air.  When it was cancelled I was so upset.  Every single character in the entire show played such a good part.  I have all 5 seasons and no way will I delete any one of them or any of the episodes.  They just don't make 'em like this anymore.
Amazing!!!! Go team Hoffman! I love being a prime member.....Please don't cancel this show like all the other good ones
This was mine and my daughter's favorite of the kid's show. It's the only one the really held our attention. I like the math as well.
First off, I am not a fan of country music so when I first heard about this show, I quickly dismissed it.  However, when I saw a trailer I realized I needed to check it out. Rayna is a strong, independent, and very likable female lead and Connie Britton plays her so well.  Hayden Panatierre's character on the surface seems like a real b****, but you find out early on that she's actually a very damaged girl with a bad family life.  The production value is great and it's cool to get a glimpse at what goes on behind the scenes at the record company, backstage at concerts, and in the bars of Nashville.  The show is more than just country music. There is also a politics side story, which is just as compelling as the music plot.  I'll definitely keep watching this one.  Also, the music is good.
Was so sad to see the original 24 series go away and this comes in where the original ended. Same suspense that keeps you on the edge of your seat the whole season.
I love this show and hope it comes back for a second season. The premise will be familiar to readers of paranormal romances--a woman dies unexpectedly and comes back in another form that gives her a new perspective on life, society, romance, and, ultimately, her own self.In this case, the diva that drops dead is a shallow, self-absorbed, not all that bright, but not mean, hot blond with a hot lawyer fiance. Refusing to accept death, she defiantly presses a "return" button while being processed in the afterlife, and whammo, she's back on earth, resuscitated in the body of a very smart, but very chubby brunette lawyer ( looks reminiscent of Delta Burke, but less kittenish).And off we go. Deb, the dead diva, has to adapt to a new reality as Lane-Bryant-clad plus-size plain Jane. She has her own personality with Jane's brain--so she has a boatload of legal know-how. And, oh oh, her fiance is now a lawyer at Jane's firm. Another female lawyer--one with a slim physique and icy demeanor and high-level ambition that contrasts with Janes's plumpness and subdued prettiness and bit of Deb-ditziness. They sometimes clash, sometimes cooperate, and they are each refining the other, which is cool to watch. Everyone is fated to learn and grow.The humor and drama are well-balanced, and it's fun to see Margaret Cho as the deadpanning snarky but capable assistant to Jane. The actor who plays Deb's fiance is very appealing and quite handsome (reminds me of the late Edward Albert when he was young with a dash of that guy who was Quentin in DARK SHADOWS, for those who remember). He effectively conveys his loss of Deb as heartrending, and his moments with Jane (where they build a friendship) are so touching and lovely, that I long for the next one where they sit together intimately.There are shades of LEGALLY BLONDE (with Deb/Jane as a sort of Elle, but with the blonde super-fashionista on the inside). Others refer to Ally McBeal, but this show seems to have a kinder heart and less cynicism than that one.The guest stars in this first season have been a hoot, including Rosie O'Donnell as a judge, Liza Minelli with Delta Burke as feuding sisters, and Paula Abdul.It may not be a ground-breaking or uberbrilliant show, but I always look forward to it and my hubby likes to watch with me, too. It's fun, it's got romance, and the actress who plays Jane/Deb is very appealing and likable, with an expressive voice and a wonderful ability to switch deftly from ditzy Deb to on-the-job Jane---and you root for her to win her cases and, we hope, get her man...back!Thumbs up.
You never know what twist and turns are in store once you get these two guys together. Acting is top notch. You love some characters and of coarse you loathe some of the others. They are lawyers, what did you expect? But there is a lot of chemistry between the actors on the show. Harvey is the arrogant one, but always a winner. The firm only hires Harvard graduates, but Harvey, always one to bend the rules hires an unemployed young man who happens to be in the middle of a drug bust, when he stumbles upon the interviews. If you enjoy watching characters that are forever improvising and can think extremely quick on their feet, you will thoroughly enjoy this show.
&#34;Little Dorrit&#34; was one of the most entertaining series we have watched on Amazon live stream.  The story by Charles Dickens was superb and the acting was outstanding.  Especially the actress playing &#34;Little Dorrit&#34;.  We highly recommend it.
Wilfred is one of the best shows to come around in a long time. This was yet another episode that delves deeply into the human psyche and gets us to think about own own lives and relationships. I love this show!!
Very entertaining SciFi with a variety of storylines involving several characters and plots.  Even some of the aliens are good guys while others are the villains.  Both my husband and I are in our sixties and enjoy watching it and look forward to the next episode.  We are both big fans of NCIS, NCIS Los Angeles, Person of Interest and Justified as well as Covert Affairs; to give you an idea of the kinds of story lines and character interactions we enjoy most.  Be sure to watch it from the first season to fully understand all the character interactions and story lines.  In my opinion your vested time will be well worth it.  Each season gets better and better to me not one bit dull nor repetitive plot lines from story to story  nor season to season.
First of all, I gotta admit: I AM A FOODIE. Give me the appropriate tools and I can follow any recipe and go anywhere.I so admire the &#34;Masters'&#34; and their abilities to be put to the ultimate test against others of their level of excellence. And they pull it off time after time.I SO enjoy watching the professionals going toe-to-toe and feeling what they feel as human beings, each with his/her own foibles and insecurities at the top level of their crafts.
What I especially like about this show: is the characters are just plain ole folks.  Not living in big expensive mansions or driving luxury cars.  Despite their criminal activity, they do it on a low key.  Some live out in the middle of nowhere and they stick together.  More shows need to limit the glitz, glamor, and sex and get back to basics.  This show has its' &#34;revenge&#34;, but with a lot less glamor on a lot less real estate.
If I didn't like the show a lot, I wouldn't buy the season.  I would wait and see on Netflix.  It keeps my interest and the actors do a fantastic job.  There is not one single character in the show that I don't enjoy their performances.  If I don't like the character one of the actors is playing..that means the actor is doing a great job and I am forgetting it's JUST acting!  I've seldom enjoyed a series as much as this one.  I hate to see it end!
This years second season actually trumps last years premier season - Jessica Lang is fantastic as is the entire cast. The show has spectacular production values, superb perfomrances abound and enough twists, turns an secondary story lines to keep you guessing and glued to the show. And the best part is no commercials whatsoever! The HD is flawless as is the sound. As for the streaming - ZERO buffering and the show loads immediatley. Just a fun, creepy and compelling show that's both well concieved, well written and abounds with a dark and delicous spooky atmosphere
Judging from the pilot, the chemistry of the ensemble characters and the potentially huge and intriguing mystery leaves me to believe that this could be a great TV series. I am going to admit right off the bat that what brought me to watch this in the first place is because Chris Carter (creator of X-Files) made this show and that may have biased me in some way. But, that's just what brought me to the door. The actor's interactions and the central mystery is what is going to bring to episode two. There was some impressive special effects and immensity in this pilot, although kind of tame compared to other great action/sci fi/fantasy series, but this is only a pilot. There are also some problems with this pilot as well (which I will be honest enough to admit since I want this to be picked up to series) including some of the expositional and stereotypical dialogue from the actors, especially by the character &#34;D&#34;, who I know as an actor is capable of a lot more. Also, the look and feel was a bit off. It's look didn't match it's story and the seriousness it should have. It kind of looked like a Syfy Channel show, with a potentially AMC TV series story premise. It's needs a darker and grittier style of filmmaking...shoot on film! Now, I don't want to compare this to The Walking Dead, but I will compare it but only for the reasons that I saw a lot of the strengths of ensemble acting, set-up of a long-form story, and great size and scale that I saw in the pilot for TWD.  Overall, I want to see more!
My son loves Batman and this is a decent show for him to watch. While he does prefer live action - this seemed to entertain him.
One of the best new series to come along, within the realm of &#34;The X-Files&#34; and &#34;House&#34; - and, unfortunately, this show ended all too soon.
I've loved justified and Timothy Olyphant since it first aired. Looking forward to season 5. This marshal could go either way and he chose to be on the side of law. Sometimes you see that bad boy come out in him and know he's thinking, geez it would have been easier to be on the other side. Timothy Olyphant is perfect for the character he plays. He's just enough of a bad boy but so naive as to be trusting of strangers, especially women to get himself into heaps of trouble.
this is a very good show and the actors act well together and the story line is good too and funny
A very good end to the Eleventh Doctor as portrayed by Matt Smith. I liked that story points from the very first Matt Smith episode were tied up. A good story, fast regeneration. Worth watching multiple times.
I really enjoy big bang theory and can not wait for the season to come out. When I have a bad day I can put the Big bang Theory on and I am laughing again....
If you loved the movies, you will probably love this series. Mads Mikkelsen is a deliciously, evil Hannibal Lector. My DVD-R is definitely set for this one.
the story lines are getting pretty squishy, but as long as they keep singing with all the talentedkids and keep bringing back the oldies once in a while..I'll keep watching just to hear the songs!!
I fully figured this film to be pretty much what I expected, which was another over rated supernatural thriller. Indeed within the first 30 minutes I was feeling like it might be just that. I found that portion of the film to be pretty average noting along the way the superb acting and production values. But the film quickly gets much more atmospheric and fills its canvas with an unusally creepy and melodramtaic tone. The story s suprisingly unique even if there were moments that seemed like they could have been inspired by films like Poltergiest or The Others. As a solidly moody supernatural story this film ranks as one of the better ones I have seen. And there is plenty of good creepy scares and horror along the way. The film gets more intense as it goes along. I found this film to sometimes be a soild performer as horror films go. It was often indeed very creepy and made me squirm more than once, I foud my self biting my nails, which is something I havent done in a good long time at the movies. There was some subject matter here and there that seemed a little bit contrived and predictable, and the end was not much of a suprise, but mildly touching. Some members who reviewed this film commented that it made them cry. Im figuring they were refering to the end. But the end really didnt bring me to tears, and I love a good tear jerker the same as the next person. I agree though that it was rather touching at then end though. Its rare that a horror thriler really is truly good nowadays, but this one delivered some solidly crafted chills that really made the movie truly worth taking special notice of. Ive seen better but this movie was truly very good.
For fans of noir style of character study, you will enjoy this show.The story line and characters are quite earthy and some times show the darker side of life. I love this show, it is a touch different than most, and a good detective, murder mystery series.
As a child born in the mid-1950's, I've watched (continue to watch and purchase) more than my fair share of black and white horror flicks with all kinds of creepy bugs, insects, and lizards taking up the size of the screen.  I will admit that I was skeptical about BAS, thinking that just like so many other movies, the trailer showed it all; but I gave BAS a chance, and I am glad I did.Watch the trailer.  Simply put:  If you don't like the trailer, you will not like the movie.  On the other hand, if you are entertained by the trailer or enjoy the Big Bug movies from the 50s and 60s (Them, Beginning of the End, Praying Mantis), give BAS a try as I don't think you'll be disappointed in this movie that reminds me of those movies I watched way back when I lived in Vailsburg, NJ.
I enjoy this series! I find it very suspenseful! All the characters are very interesting and you get to know them on a very personal level! I find myself sitting on the edge of my seat, really getting into the story line! If you enjoy a suspenseful show, you will not be disappointed if you buy it!
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit - The Eighth Year is another entertaining season of my fave show. Some of the standout episodes include: Choreographed, Burned, Haystack, Florida, and Annihilated. Christoper Meloni and Mariska Hargitay are talented actors and so is Ice-T. I highly recommend this top-notch show, enjoy!
If you  like comedy  and drama the show is for you.It is a spin-off of the jag series that was on a few years ago,and both shows show you how military law is enforced.It is so well written that the hour thier on passes on so quickly.
Unlike those who were disappointed in the first season because they were expecting a solution to Rosie's murder, I really enjoyed both Season 1 and 2.That being said, Season 3 just blew me away, and I'm hoping there is a Season 4.
Look now I don't have the time to wait for "reviews" or "analysis", this show needs to be out. Now. It's funny, witty, American, and offensive. Roll out Season 1.
I love the way the final season has started.  So glad Walt's wife is now supporting him. Also love  the brother in laws revalation at end of last episode.
Arrow is a surprisingly great show and apparently a real winner for the struggling CW. Yes, it's another hero show, but this one has a secret weapon I did not see coming - the hero is played by a relative newcomer (having had parts in Private Practice, Heartland, Hung and Vampire Diaries) Stephen Amell. Beautifully playing Oliver Queen, son of a very rich but underhanded father who dies in his arms after their yacht sank in a terrible storm leaving him the only one alive on a mysterious island somewhere off the grid. The fact that he is also easy on the eyes (translated also a beautiful guy!) makes this show fun for us girls, too!Before his father died, he made Oliver promise to right all of the wrongs he made when evidently greed trumped compassion in the building of the Queen empire. While Oliver lands on the island a spoiled rotten rich kid who has led a life of decadent consumption, the mysteries begin unraveling quickly for him. He must survive on his own, learning to do things he never dreamed he would have to do. Enter a mysterious Chinese man who, up to the most recent episode, pops into his life, saving him from a very dark encounter with a very dangerous group of men we still haven't been told of their origin.We can only assume, up until now, that everything that happened to Oliver on that island for five years, taught him how to appear and disappear, shoot an arrow so deftly, it defies reality, and has honed his body into a sort of killing machine.He comes home, much to the delight of his mother and sister who had thought him dead, and quickly but secretly sets up shop in an abandoned Queen-owned warehouse and sets about fulfilling the promise he made to his father on the life raft before he died. Now the story is set up for him to assume the role of a vigilante he becomes known as Arrow.Arrow is a fun show, more intelligent than many like it, with great characters we like to love, the ever intriguing secret identity, the loyal sidekick, John, the beginnings of the requisite unrequited love story, and great weekly stories we can look forward to.Most of us have too much to do and not enough time to do it all in, so we have to be picky about which shows to invest time in. I say WATCH THIS ONE! Fun enough to keep you interested, intelligent enough to not feel too guilty about and a handsome cast - something for everybody. Also, popular enough that CW has already picked up a full season with good reason to believe more years to come. A definite winner all the way around. ARROW - CATCH UP HERE ON AMAZON, then look forward to new shows on CW each week. Enjoy!
By now there really isn't a whole lot more to be said here. Some people object to the subject matter or Walter White's moral choices, but then that's largely the point, isn't it? As I sit here waiting for the final season to unfold in another week, I look at the cover to the Season One set and think about the Walter White that was. To have managed such an evolution in the central character of a television program in the manner it was done is a remarkable feat -- unprecedented, really. There's a lot to object to here in a moral and ethical sense, but as a fictional meditation on the nature of those choices -- and that's in large part what fiction is about anyway -- Breaking Bad is hard to beat. Everything comes together so well: Acting, production, writing. This is one of the great works of the screen, big or small. Highly recommended.
Good show to watch with the family. Shows how a group of people come together to stop an Alien force.
Well done. Well written. I got addicted and watched the whole series in about two weeks. I highly recommend it.
Old as I am it astonished me that Julia Child was making cooking shows while I was still in high school.  The early programs are in black and white with minimal production values to put it nicely.  This adds to the charm of the show for me though.  Good food has changed a lot since the days when French cooking reigned supreme.  Today's emphasis on the best and freshest ingredients and simple preparation contrasts with Julia's substantial preparation efforts.  It's fun to watch what it was like to cook Julia style.
The concept behind this series is the current NSA spying scandal on steroids. &#34;The Machine&#34;, built by the quaint Harold Finch (Michael Emerson), allegedly spies on everyone everywhere all the time and &#34;sees everything&#34;, which is of course preposterous. Even more preposterous is the premise that, in the case of this show and for dramatically convenient purposes, the &#34;persons of interest&#34; the machine selects as about-to-be victims or perps are confined entirely to New York City, so Harold's solemn declaration that, even though the government declined to do anything about all the &#34;irrelevant&#34; cases the machine identifies, he will is the final link in the absolute absurdity of the basic plot concept. Of course he works in secret and remains a shadowy figure who is sort of the ultimate computer geek.All that notwithstanding (and Finch is superbly played by Emerson), the story-lines and the other main characters - two in particular - make this series quite addictive. First, of course, is Jim Caveizel as John Reese, the action arm and steely avenging angel of Finch's secretive plan to thwart the hinge of fate. His &#34;man in a suit&#34; vigilante character with the husky, whispery voice and lethal fighting skills is irresistible, but the other irresistible character is Taraji Henson's detective Joss Carter who, as a former interrogator for the army in Iraq and Afghanistan, is supposed to be a really tough &#34;hard-ass&#34; that prisoners (and perps) &#34;really don't want to meet&#34;. She is never remotely believable as that. What she is, however, is incredibly courageous, effective, and just - the sweetest, kindest, softest, most adorable, and prettiest interrogator/cop any criminal could ever hope to meet and Henson plays her to perfection. On top of everything else that's so appealing about this character, Taraji Henson has the most beautiful skin I've ever seen, as smooth and creamy as warm liquid caramel. Predictably, but unforgivably, the writers have her killed at the end of the third season by Simpson - a dirty cop played with compellingly evil brutality by Robert Burke. Even the normally icy Reese is ultimately pulled in by Carter's gentle magnetism. Having begun by being relentlessly hunted by her, at the end he credits her with having &#34;changed&#34; him and then kisses her - an exquisitely tender moment you know instinctively heralds the end of her character, and sure enough, she is shortly thereafter gunned down in the street along with Reese who survives only to have her die in his arms. Many main characters are killed off in the course of TV series, but the loss of Henson's Carter is somehow devastating and almost literally cuts the heart out of the show. Other characters are likeable, interesting, even admirable; she was the only one who was genuinely lovable.Replacing her female character with the beautiful and extremely deadly but emotionless Samantha Shaw (played by the incredible Sarah Shahi) does not change that lamentable fact. There are so many shadowy groups of bad guys - from the vast dirty cop cabal HR, to the Russian mafia, to criminal empire-builder Elias (Enrico Colantoni) and his henchmen, to the various government groups (FBI, CIA) hunting for Finch, Reese, and the machine, to Root (Amy Acker) who has developed a &#34;special&#34; and &#34;intimate&#34; relationship with the machine, to a new and still mysterious government group headed by the villainous Diane Claypool (Camryn Manheim) - that it becomes difficult to follow (can't tell the players without a program) and somewhat fatiguing, but they are all so interesting and keep the action moving so well that you overlook such absurd overkill in the conspiracy department. Since the show is so good, legions of implausibilities notwithstanding, no doubt the network will cancel it.
Haven is my GO TO series ALWAYS...clever, human yet sci-fi, always a great mystery..& the main characters are so deep yet we get glimpses into their depth at every episode
I was sorry I missed the early episodes of this series.  I was happy to be able to find them on Amazon Instant Video.  SO far, I have watched episode one and I am hooked.
I doubt that this show will win any critical acclaim but it sure is fun to watch.  I'm going to continue to watch all seasons.Sometimes all you want from a TV show is a TV show.  There's plenty of hard shows and hard news out there if you prefer more depressing
I'm hooked.  I want to know the answer to so many questions.  But not wanting to give away any of the plot, I'll not ask them here.  But, boy, oh boy, I hope this series makes the cut.  I want to know more.So glad that Amazon has taken the risk to create new, interesting series.  Thanks, Amazon!
David Suchet is remarkable in his Poirot part, bringing the little Belgian detective to life as described by Christie.  I have seen all of the shows several times and still enjoy them.
finally an apocalyptic series that do not have to do with zombies. (Not that there is anything wrong with zombie movies and series, we love them. Its Just nice to have something with original thinking and new story other than zombies.)The After has suggestions from what we have seen from the first episode that for some unknown reason the entire world went to chaos, the grid went down, communication is down, the worst drudgery in humanity starts coming out rioting, raping, and murdering just the usual human nature when there is no longer law and order to keep humanity at check.But then things pick up and we get a strange twist into what is going on, throughout the first episode our protagonist start suggesting that what is going out may be a terrorist attack, but then they start to wonder if its an Alien invasion, and at the end of the shocking pilot episode everyone starts to winder, Is this Armageddon? is it the Rapture?This is going to be an intriguing series, cant wait to see what happens next and what is going on.
If you are a fan of the show you want to have this dvd set.  I love the outtakes and extras it makes paying for the set worth it.
I don't even like politics and I loved this pilot.I think the cast sent it over the edge, but even without it was like a sitcom/drama of the Daily Show. It brought humor to what is going on on capital hill, and if we see more episodes I'm sure that things will even out between the two parties.
I really liked this season but I was hoping for a different winner. Oh well it was still worth watching.
I stumbled upon Witches of East End show by accident. Can't wait for more new episodes to come available. Hope there is a 2nd season.
I love this show. Have been watching since season 1. It has ups, downs, emotional days and lots of zombie brains flying everywhere but most of all I believe this show teaches about survival and team work in order to survive.
There is a lot going on in this film -- the history of Columbus' conquest of the Indians, the varying opinions within the Spanish clergy of how to treat the Indians, the ideas of the modern day film makers on how to make the film, and last but not least, the protests of the modern day Indians against the intrusion of the multi-national corporations who are trying to steal their water.  There are also personal dramas.  It seems that the film makers are faced with difficult decisions at every turn.  It starts with whether or not to interview every Indian that has shown up to work as an extra, then it's a decision about whether or not to hire a very charismatic but potentially troublesome young fellow (with an amazing face.)  Then....well it's one thing after another and I was personally a little too involved to sit back and really enjoy this film.  I had to take a break and come back the next day to see how it turned out.This is almost a film within a film and the juxtaposition is brilliantly handled.  The actors are first rate and the cinematography is amazing.  The plot has been related by other reviewers and I don't want to give away too much of it, so I'll just recommend it to serious viewers who want to understand an important struggle of the native peoples, past and present and for viewers who want to watch an intelligent, beautifully made film.
Been watching all episodes since the beginning.  It is just as good at this point as it was at episode 1.
This is the best new comedy in ages and ages.  It is funny from start to finish.  Also thought provoking.  My entire family, from the teens to the adults love this show!
I like watching les because he is alone, and has to carry his equipment. Is he aided by anyone else?  -- not sure. But at least he admits to not knowing all there is but shows you how to take a chance without injuring yourself
Easy way to enjoy this show without having cable..it is one of the few shows I pay to watch and no regrets.
Excellent fantasy!  This has a continuing story line and the more you get to know the characters and their lives prior and after the events, you will be hooked.  I am only sorry that they were cancelled.  I did not like the ending.
Since much of my family comes from Scotland and Ireland this series interests me a lot. Combine the rich and very interesting Celt history with music by Enya and it's a fantastic program.
Great show if you like Nathan Fillion.  It is infused with his sense of humor and fun and some pretty interesting mysteries as well.
The U.S. of Tara (All Seasons) was wonderful; I thoroughly enjoyed it!  Toni Collet is an incredible actor, and her supporting cast in Tara made her work on the show all the more enjoyable.  I wish Tara was still being made.  Watch the show; it's really good.
OMG!! This was an awesome start to Season 5!!!! A superb job by Kurt Sutter as always and I can't wait to see what the remainder of the season has in store. All the actors made their characters come to life in this episode and Tig explodes on the screen.
I love getting to see all the different countries and seeing what the homes look inside, helps me decide where I want to visit.
Reddington is the man you love to hate and hate to love.  He's a murderer, somewhat psychotic, worldly, interesting, devious, calculating, and manipulative, yet charming, very, very charming.  BEWARE - this man is dangerous.Tom Keane - who is he?This show kept me guessing about its characters from the start of the season to the end.  There was never a dull moment, always fast-paced, always kept me guessing, always kept wanting more.  Definitely on the violent side, other than that, I found the show fascinating, especially the dynamics between Tom and Elizabeth & Elizabeth and Reddington & Reddington and the rest of society.James Spader - I grew up watching him on shows like Seinfeld and the movie Supernova.  I thought I liked him as an actor before, but his skills are beyond superb and beyond describable.  He's totally believable as a deviant.  Yet, there's something about him that is attractive.  No doubt, that's why Elizabeth Keane's character can't let him go.  Every one else is a good actor on the show, but he's got IT.  He's got that X factor.Bravo to the producers and directors!
I love the Agatha Christie's Poirot Series for season 11. David Suchet is such a marvelous actor and his portrayal of Poirot is wonderful. I love to be able to stream the series whenever I am ready to watch it. I highly recommend this series and streaming video.
Excellent quality in audio and video. Love the Bones episodes. Have all episodes in the AMAZON INSTANT VIDEO on my ROKU.
Every weekly episode has two or three stories that you must follow. Each story stands on its own merits and you definitely need to watch NYPD Blue.
I think Justified is one of the best shows on the air right now. Timothy Olyphant's character is great, along with his other cast members. Justified is one of a few shows that has retained my interest over the years.
This is one of very few current TV shows which is worth my time to watch. Most of the shows on TV now are vulgar, violent, unfunny, or intent on pushing an offensive social or sexual agenda - even the so-called animated comedies. Even the game shows are leaning way Left. Most Reality shows are just plane stupid and fall into the above description as well. Though NCIS is often more GP than G rated, it has great characters and good plots.
John Cleese is possibly the funniest man on the planet. His writing is funny, his way of speaking is funny, his movements are funny. There is an awful angularity to him, he bends at all the wrong places, his knees are up too high. To watch him try to open a bottle of wine is to watch an exercise in uncoordination that is funnier than the entire output of every stand up comic since the Greek guy with the rocks in his mouth. And the situations and dialogue he created, because it was Cleese who wrote the scripts for Fawlty Towers, are even better.Basil Fawlty is wonderful to watch. He is craven and bullying at the same time, a pompous suck up, utterly incompetent, a blowhard who blames his shortcomings and failures on the world. Cleese has the character down pat...that supercillious little git of a hotel manager or railway station clerk, the middle manager who is in over his head, with steam coming out of his ears, convinced that the world is out to get him.  In real life, they're horrible. When they are running Fawlty Towers, they are a thing of wonder to behold.Basil's wife is beautifully underplayed by the incomparable Prunella Scales. Sybil Fawlty is a woman inured to Basil's tantrums, shenanegans and schemes. She tells him what to do, then spends the rest of her time on the phone, saying "I knoooooow" and "Reeeeeee-alllllly" to her friend at the other end of the line. She gets more humor out of those phone responses than most TV sitcom characters can get out of an entire script. Basil cannot, will not, do what this sensible little person says.  When Basil looks at Sybil with his gimlet eye and mumbles "Coiffed Shrub," if you don't fall out of your chair and drop to the floor, convulsed with laughter, you must be Swiss.No offense.Connie Booth, who is American, was married to Cleese and co-wrote the show with him. Booth has a smaller role as the hotel chambermaid...and the voice of reason who plucks Basil from the edge of the abyss only to find he knows another route.Even if you are from the Bunderstadt, you will have to laugh at Manuel, the Barcelonian waiter (played by Andrew Sachs). Manuel's blank and totally mindless stare, his utter lack of comprehension as Basil--hair sticking out above his temples, sweat on his upper lip, eyes blazing with rage and madness, body bent in some impossible configuration that has his torso and hips and knees zigzagging away from one another at impossible angles--tries to get him to perform the simplest task, must surely cripple you with laughter.No offense.If you are among the six people on the Earth who have not seen Fawlty Towers, drop what you are doing and watch.  The show ran so briefly, there are very few episodes, but they never get old and never get stale.  Even so, in a perfect world, George Bush would not have invaded Afghanistan. He would have sent our troops to London to get hold of Cleese and force him to write one more season.  At least he would have found one good use for his waterboarding.No offense.
As a person who grew up with Tom Baker as Dr. who I can honestly say that this is a great season. I only started watching the &#34;new&#34; Doctor Who series recently and Matt Smith has been excellent as the Doctor.
While the horror genre is strong and thriving in today&#8217;s world of film, many movies that it produces tend to be stylized or over-the-top.  This is not to say that they are not enjoyable, but it seems difficult to find a truly terrifying film, one that chills you right to the core.  If this has been your experience lately, then worry no more.  HERE COMES THE DEVIL, an upcoming title from Magnet Releasing, will rekindle your love affair with terror.  And if the film&#8217;s straight-up horror doesn&#8217;t scare you, the psychological undercurrents certainly will.  This is definitely a movie that every single horror fan will want to check out.Films about demonic possession and, well, the devil himself never get old for me.  I enjoy seeing the unique takes that Hollywood writers can come up with in regard to these topics.  Of course, there are true duds out there that simply rehash old ideas&#8230;but every once in while, a diamond in the rough appears.  Thus is the case with this film.HERE COMES THE DEVIL is an original and thought-provoking horror piece.  It starts off with a bang and then continues to come after you at a relentless pace.  It is shot well, and the cinematography is a key piece to achieving its unnerving feel.The special effects are good as well.  There&#8217;s not a ton of gore, but what we do get to see looks very nice onscreen.  Likewise, the acting is top notch.  I have never heard of any of the cast, but they do a stellar job in their roles.The story in HERE COMES THE DEVIL is what wins me over the most.  I am not going to go into major detail here, so as not to ruin it for you, but I particularly like the ending the best.  It is something I did not see coming, and it leaves you with an intensely eerie feeling.HERE COMES THE DEVIL is a major win for me, and I highly recommend it.  Horror fans, this is a must-see.  And if you&#8217;re not into horror, give this one a look anyway; it will scare you silly!  The film hits store shelves next Tuesday, so make a note.
Finally was able to watch all the 23 episodes in three days via Amazon Instant Video.I was so invested on Beauty and the Beast that I didn't know what I was missing.It's the best show so far that has come out of the CW.Arrow has that Batman-esque feel to it.Can't wait for second season and see what will become of Roy Harper ,will he don a red suit,and will he continue seing Thea?How about Laurel Lance's relationship with Oliver Queen?Tommy Merlin dead?I don't think so! So for those who failed the city...Arrow will come for you!
I realize that I enjoy this series more than the series with Inspector Morse, who was crotchety and irritable most of the time. Lewis is a likeable fellow and the mysteries are at least as well plotted as those starring Morse.  I was a Morse fan but I confess that Lewis is not only as good, but to my mind bertter and seldom abrasive. Of the two, I'd choose Inspector Lewis.
The humor and beautiful sunny setting makes the sometimes gruesome subject matter less gruesome.Looking forward to finding out the outcome in the next season.
Well written, funny and quirky.  Not West Wing, rather Jon Stewart crossed with West Wing. I'll keep watching as long as it's free on Prime!!!Republicans with sticks up their butts will hate the writing (which is liberal) and the use of profanity (which is realistic, not sanitized network crap).  There may be some negative reviews from the tea party types... but who cares what they think?Nicely done Amazon!!
Good escape!!
Great!! Show. Our Mini-Schnauzere sits and / or Lays on our bed watching episodes. All I have to say is, Puppies On!! And she's right there at attention looking at the set. Too Cute!!
I was beyond happy to see this turn up !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I was starting to wonder why I even kept amazon prime, I had stopped watching it. I was glad to have a reason to watch it again.
Good cast. Funny characters. Definite potential. Love the random, quirky news bits spread throughout the show. Some very likable characters.
I liked the lead actor, his snarling old school tactics create a vibrant lead.I am also curious if that shooting was bad or not.
This is a review of the 5th Season.So, Castle and Beckett are now a couple.  Cue the doom.Well, it didn't happen.  Beckett, who has not been my favorite, has really grown on me this season.  The pairing has really worked.Strangely, it's Castle who seems a bit off to me at times.  Does he really believe in everything crackpot idea?  And would he really be saying "Shoot Bigfoot?"The final episode gets us to two big events which could lead to huge cast changes.  Very curious how this will work out.
Clean and fun Sci-fi. Not as dark and mature as Stargate Universe. Most of this felt like a clear good vs evil. Excellent effects budget and decent acting for a TV Sci-Fi. This was probably the best season for this series.
One of the ONLY shows my daughter will watch. It's between this, Mickey Mouse, and her colors-and-shapes DVD. Our favorite is the Halloween episode.
This show teaches young children how to explore their emotions, be kind to their friends and has a great family presence.
Chappelle's show but better in every way.  Thank god we've interrupted the flow of trash sketch shows Mind of Mencia helped launch.These guys are unbelievable.  Some of the funniest stuff I've ever seen in my life - the dubstep sketch was gloriously intense, Da Struggle and Bling Benzy sketch cause me to spew beer onto my couch (worth it) and the LMFAO parody sketch had me almost crying by they end.If you don't like this show your humor is broken.  :)
Besides homeland, this is my favorite series right now... Well, this one and Grimm. I haven't read the book, but I plan to..
Vera is an excellent police procedural series.  Brenda Blethyn is wonderful in the lead.  It is so refreshing to not have a slim, young, gorgeous protagonist with coiffed hair and 3&#34; heels.  Instead, she is a real, identifiable person who is not always tactful, not always thoughtful to those who work with her, uncomfortable in social situations but she's a good cop.  I love that the show is set outside of London.  These are gritty crimes and a grittier part of the country.  May &#34;Vera&#34; run for many more years to come.
This is going to be one hell of a season.  Scandalous ROCKS!  Can hardly wait from one week to the next.
My husband and I enjoy the &#34;reality documentary&#34; programs, and this is a good one.  The officers are dedicated, polite, and family-oriented.  But they are also tough.  LA is an unusual state, and this program offers a different perspective on law enforcement on the bayou.
My wife is in to Gresham and any other courtroom drama movies/TV and thoroughly enjoys Suits.  I see enough of the knife-in-the-back atmosphere at work, so I am not as fond of it, but I admit it could be worse.
What an example . . . Jesse Owens gave the better part of his life to sports. His contribution  and performance in the 1936 Olympic Games gave a negative definition of what had become Nazi Germany. At what cost?Well documented, accurate and heartbreaking. To his credit, he offered a way to integration that was unsurpassed at that time. He chose to be a 'gentleman' and a man of honor. Again, another exceptional presentation from The American Experience . . . narration, interviews and original footage combine to offer accurate information. If you don't know about his courage, please listen and learn!- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -What about Grand Coulee Dam? The enormous scale of Grand Coulee dam was without precedent and presented far more difficulties than Hoover Dam. What was gained and what was lost with the building of the dam?  Tremendous destruction of the environment and the displacement of the Native American culture. Looking forward, the dam proved to be of major importance with the advent of WWII. The agricultural significance and the ability to provide electricity changed the Northwest . . . perhaps one needs to ask at what cost. Well documented and certainly a terrific addition to The American Experience.
Proxy, a smart and suspenseful American independent film directed by Zack Parker (Scalene), opens with a scene of bracing violence which at first repulses and stuns very directly, but later demands closer reassessment.  Central character Esther (Alexia Rasmussen), pregnant and nearing her due date, is on the way from her doctor to the bus stop when she is assaulted.  She survives what we presume is a random act of violence, but loses her baby, prompting her to join a group for grieving mothers.  In group, she meets Melanie (Alexa Havins), a warmhearted suburban housewife who lost her son.  They become unexpected friends, a bond complicated by the fact both women are guarding dangerous and disturbing secrets.  Over two hours, Proxy twists and turns in various directions, inspiring genuine surprise and tension as it examines the way the cultural image of motherhood, as well as its day-to-day responsibilities, blends with the characters' psychological disorders.  It is a delight to see a film able to upend expectations at almost every turn while always complementing the intricate and theatrical structure of its storyline with ample character development and formal elegance.  It is a rather hard film to critique without spoiling its host of macabre bombshells and jolts, but know the investment of both time and attention is definitely rewarded.
Although it really isn't an accurate depiction of high school (characters are just a little too clever) it's a funny show.  It keeps me entertained and I like how it's run serially so it's a continuous story line.  Unfortunately these types of shows are rarely around for long because of the nature of the story lines.  But I will enjoy watching while it lasts!
Riveting. Wish there'd been a second season but glad for the ending. One of the most satisfying single season shows ever.
Entertainment, twists, laughter and drama all rolled up into one great show. I started watching Season 1 and didn't stop until I got caught up.
One of my favorite shows and it took long to get season two out.
I AM OCD SO I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND MONKSISSUES. LOVE THE SHOW . HAVE ALL THE SEASONS AND SO THANKFUL SINCE HE WILL NOT RETURN.
A great new show. Love seeing how the creatures are made.Can't wait to see what else the create. This is a fun show and great for the whole family.
I have to say, I enjoyed it so much, I just kept watching one episode after another. The actors were excellent!
I have rated this before I think this is sharp, fast moving and funny at times.  four more words required
Sons of Anarchy was not another 'bad biker' drama.  It had captivating sequences which held your interest to the end.  The violence and sex was marvelously filmed and was not over bearing.  The acting was excellent, except for an occasional mis-cast actor.  This is definetly for mature audences - not for childern.  Good story.
It is my favorite.  I hate the thought of watching them all at once, so I have been trying desperately to ration them out, but they are awesome.  Great mixture of comedy, drama, and thriller.  I always want to watch the next episode.  By far my favorite TV  show right now.
This series is very similar to the x-men story line, but hey the x-men story line is one of the classics! You got a bunch of people with brain mutations that give them super powers. A government that feels threatened (as well they should) and good mutants trying to stop the bad ones. When you combine the acting ( which is pretty good i have to say) with the story line you have a winner. At least as far as the first season is concerned. ( Have not started the second yet) In short, its interesting its funny, and darn good entertainment. So if you like super hero story lines give it a try.
I hope this show is continued! I really enjoyed the pilot episode. I was left wanting MORE!!! It seems promising.
My boys still love their Avenger shows....so this one is great for car rides to our family's house and for quiet time.
What a great series this was.  need to get more series like this one.  I wish it was still on television.
This is a great mystery series produced by the BBC highlighting the work of Inspector Lewis who is a good working class detective working in an intellectual community.  He does not relate well with the people around him both in the community and even, to an extent, his coworkers and supervisor.  They fight him at times but respect him for his doggedness and success.  This is well worth watching if you enjoy British mystery stories.  Think of a British version of &#34;Law & Order&#34; but without the courtroom portion.
For a small British film this is just amazing and stands up to Hollywood movies any day, written by the talented Noel Clarke who also stars, the story is simple yet brilliant with a group of people stuck in a security storage facility after it locks down due to a power malfunction caused by a massive explosion in the middle of London, a military plane crashed carrying what turns out to be an alien, a deadly alien that likes human flesh. The entire cast is great, the effects are top notch, the monster effects are old school man in a suit but look awesome and very original and scary, there are a few cool gore moments and stand out scenes, this is a gem of a film and must be seen, if you love sci-fi then this will certainly bring a smile to your face especially the very last scene of the film. Brilliant!!
all of their eight seasons have been consistently great, nothing too outlandish!!  cant wait for season 9 to start next year!!!!!!
Love this series and love poirot strange little man but great storylines and love trying to work it out before poirot
I was a fan of the original; and did not watch this new series from its inception; but when Larry Hagman passed away, and TNT announced there would be a "proper" send off for JR; I gave it a try, and was not at all disappointed.This episode did have several original cast members; and I found myself just as engrossed by it as I was by the plotlines of thirty plus years ago, it kept my attention from start to finish.Considering the ratings, the writers and producers will need to be just as creative as they were in developing an episode based on a main characters unexpected death. If they are successful, I can see it continuing. It's sold me on @ least going back and catching up on episodes missed, and following the remainder of the season.
This is a very dark detective story with some very fresh writing and fantastic performances--the villains make you yell at the screen and the smartest man in the room (Luther) is often misjudged. All 14 episodes (over 3 seasons) play like a long, well told movie.
A+  - excellent sf story.  Good characterization and relatonships.  Good story that keeps getting more and more involved.  I liked it.
Alpha House was surprisingly funny and entertaining. The leaders of America are basically the frat guys of Animal House all grown up. Funny and lots of promise!
The series kept getting better and better.  The interaction between Bones and Booth started to really progress.  The cases took on some weird overtones.
For Zombie lovers everywhere.  Not really a family show unless your ages of maybe 15 and up.  Good story like and great characters and a writer who can keep the audience wonder who is next to die and where is this good characters going to do with the new situations at hand.
I love BBC and this is one of my favorite shows second to Sherlok.  It has some great characters and even when they change in other seasons, I loved then as well.  Great storyline, and the special effects are what you would expect from a BBC show.  They work with what they got and they do an amazing job.
An excellent series.  I missed it when it first aired because I wasn't into the characters.  Now I get the premise of them all and have enjoyed going back and catching up.  The only downside it that it does not have CC capability.  When there are a bunch of people around talking I can't keep up without headphones.
I feel kind of sad that i'm already at the end of the series. I thought there was more but the last episodes have the same fun writing as the first few years.
Well worth watching, it's  been awhile since a show worth watching has been started.  This is worth your time to watch
It is a real shame this well written and acted series is not going to continue after season five.  An adult show that doesn't insult your intelligence.
This is a well-written, directed and acted show.  The casting is wonderful, and the characters, which in an American show would have been cardboard caricatures, have depth.  I really appreciate being treated like an adult, and  this show does that.  It's also interesting to see the period itself.  Highly recommended!
Why no more?  I loved the 1st series Primeval, and this one too!I wish it didn't stop.  :(  more please!
Love this show due to Castle and Beckett love affair, also love how Castle has a connection with his daughter.  Great that Ryan and Jennie are going to have a baby, wonder how that going to play out.
When one considers what the Fore-Fathers intended for these United States I am sure that the concept of Freedom and human rights were as efflorescent as those times could garner. But time yields to no-one and to betray the wonderful facets of life for the convoluted ideals of men whose main objective is to one up another mans thoughts and renderings for his own ......well that lands squarely in the realm of selfishness .........whole societies and cultures have been displaced for the myopic and self-centered whims of men whose objectives have been to have their pockets filled with ...rubies red with the blood of those who trusted the leadership and words of those men to be the rudders of their lives. The corrosive under belly of intrigue, deception, and PATRIOTISM seems to reaching its critical mass as a culture of flailing allegiance and culture of pyrrhic freedoms layout their conceptual essences in this serial. Agents......... Double Agents.... THE SPIRITS ARE ABOUT TO .......SPEAK !!!!!
Always clever and creative, the Doctor Who Christmas specials don't disappoint.  The current Doctor, Matt Smith, is my favorite doctor of them all.
Love this show with all my heart! It's a romance without being mushy and horror all rolled into one story! The quality of the downloads is great!
Unwrapped is always a joy to watch!  It's always entertaining and you always learn interesting facts about how foods are made and their history.  The best part is I can watch this show without having to worry about offensive or inappropriate content.
Another excellent episode although it almost got knocked back to 4 stars . the reason is i didnt really see the reason for trying to jam a love story in a hour episode. but the ending restored it back to a 5 star review. i love this show but the writers are sometimes trying to jam to many stories in 1 episode..
I liked the first two seasons that &#34;Disney&#34; came out with for the &#34;Avengers&#34;. This series has been surprising in keeping the &#34;comic book&#34; feel to the stories so far.
So everything finally comes together. It's great to see storylines from Season 1 being used during this season. And it wraps things up nicely.
Storm Chasing, Arrow Machine Gun, and Green Hornet - you can't go wrong with these. Using a 747 to simulate tornadoes was a stroke of genius.
This show is free king hilarious! Kroll is a comic genius. Fresh at first but some of the characters do get a bit played out.
Longmire holds its high energy, excellent writing and acting. Robert Taylor leads this stellar cast through this third season of one adventure after another. Well done.
Love the action,  story line, and actors. Good always from the beginning to the very end. Finally caught up on all the shows.
Not preachy, but, family oriented.  Gives examples of family love with some morality and fun.  Recommended to families, and those looking for good story lines without worry about language issues.
CRAZY, INTENSE AND ANNOYING!! All in one.. Gotta watch season ever.. Can't wait for season 2 of Mob Wives Chicago.
Very well done Steven King series. Keeps you guessing.
This is an excellent show for little ones of all ages. The characters are all adorable and cute. All three of my grandsons love it.
Very entertaining. The characters almost have you rooting for the &#34;other side&#34;.  A KGB couple that is hiding in plain sight.
This is the best show, historically, that I have seen in the last couple of years. This is in regards to TV shows. I love the chemistry between Dennis Quad & Jason O'Mara (as native Nevada / Las Vegas) and Michael Chiklis (as the Mobster). This is one of my favorite shows.
Love the Pawn Stars guys and this is another great season.  Hope to see season 6 and 7 next on Prime.  I like to learn about things and watch this guys, they always make me smile.
This show is the essence of great TV.  It is wholesome and great for the family.  I would recommend this show to EVERYONE,  I even go my fianc&eacute; to start watching it, says its addicting and he the male TV watcher fighting/action type.
Better than last season.  I was afraid once Jimmy and Sabrina got together the show would lose its center (like so many shows do when main characters hook up); but instead it just gets better and better.
Revenge grabbed ahold from the first episode and has never let up. The writers' creativity is remarkable as they weave characters in and out without sacrificing the main goal for the lead actress Emily, revenge for her father's conviction for a crime he did not commit.  i
I am a childless adult who was introduced to the show by a friend. It is genuinely funny and most episodes are memorable. The songs are great and the characters are strong. Kids can't really appreciate why it is so funny. Highly recommended.
kept u waiting to see what was happening next enjoyed the dif stories with everyone envolved will continue to watch
These guys epitomize the concept of good old redneck boys for me and the rivalry between the brothers and Sy is hard to beat.
It is a satirical look at what most of us suspect that members of the United States Senate and House of Representatives conduct our nation's affairs.
Enjoyed watching it.  Clarity was great.  Funny.  Her acting keeps one interested and engaged.  I always thought the world of her acting.
My son absolutely loved this pilot; hope the series continues. Good characters, funny, well filmed. In fact he says it is the best kid-friendly show he has ever watched.
I tried watching this earlier, but disliked the 'monster per week' focus. It got significantly better, and now I am hooked-the continuing stories that developed the characters really made this worth watching, as well as a somewhat darker edge, mixed with comedic moments.
Note: I saw every episode of ONCE UPON A TIME Season III with XFinity On Demand.After a literal shipsailing into an unknown Neverland at the end of Season II, Season III kicks things into high gear by soaring to new and hitherto unexplored heights. Shocking revelations are made, people you've grown to love (or hate) die, and it all comes back to the central premise: There's No Place Like Home. That is just the tip of the iceberg. I can't say anymore, as it would spoil the fun. Every episode fits neatly into the thread woven by Mr. Kitsis & Mr. Horowitz. Miss one thread, and you'll be in a tangle.'The fun isn't just the destination. It's the getting there.'ONCE UPON A TIME has been renewed for a fourth season.
This show is totally awesome!  I love the way they show it from present day, while providing flashbacks of when Ollie was marooned on the island.  It gives backstory and reminds me of Once Upon A Time
Love it! you never knew what traumatic event was going to happen next. Keeps you on your toes for sure!.
I enjoy British comedies. The language makes me think and stay focused.This comedy has always gotten laughs from me.
The format is based on the Mr. Rogers series. Good story lines and no violence. This is another good preschooler show!
In my opinion, &#34;Justified&#34; is one of the best adult shows on TV.  The writing is terrific and the casting and acting is incredible.
I enjoy the series a great deal. It has a great mixture of mystery, suspense, and romance. Great show to watch.
(This review is about the instant watch version of the show)I love the Daily Show more than just about any other show in the world, even to the point of putting up with horrible Axe body spray commercials when I watch it on Hulu or the Viacom site. At first I was pleased to see that I could buy it at Amazon, but then I discovered that they don't include the extended interviews. That might not be so bad if each episode was a buck, but to charge two dollars for twenty-three minutes of TV and leave out the whole show is a rip-off. To be fair, I imagine the price is set by Viacom, but for two bucks I should get one complete, commercial-free episode of my favorite comedy news show.
recently cut the cable and like this show. great streaming and no commercials. dont miss cable at all just stream thru roku or on my computer
My two year old loves gabba and we watch an episode every day. I like the guest stars and the musical guests and I like that the show tries to teach proper social behavior.
A group of 9 people from all different walks of life come together to survive wild Alaska with nothing much to live on.. 5 of the original 9 end up dropping out of the experiment  but 4 eventually make it back to civilization. It took them almost 30 days to get back. It was interesting to watch as they made 1 mistake after another and the lack of food, central heating and creature comforts took it's toll on the individuals.
Hands down the most enjoyable and exciting cartoon series Ive ever watched.. Great stories.. Great characters... Cant wait to watch the rest of it!!
These are great.  We have now watched seasons 1 through 10 and are now anxiously awaiting the 11th  season. We love NCIS.
This is where it all began...I'm not the one who loves this show. My child does.I imagine it is a modern version of Sesame Street,focusing on music, art, and social skills.Young children understand that it's silly and funny.So, it's now a part of our pop culture.
I watched Cosmos with Carl Sagan when I was a kid, I was in awe, I loved it, and I never forgot it. And now I am feeling the same way I am in awe, and I love it, and I will never forget it, thanks to Professor Tyson, this series is phenomenal,,,FIVE STARS!!!
James Spader outdoes himself in this suspensful TV series.  Has to rate as one of the best, if not the best, new show on television.  This is what TV is all about.
This is my fourth review of this series. Nothing has changed. It is still great entertainment. The only problem I have with all of these seasons is that they could do it equally well without any obscene language. Thankfully they do not use the worst of them. Having said that, its my kind of show. The good guy (Raylin) always wins, although he may get beaten up badly in the process. There is also the problem of Boyd Crowder, the bad guy you feel guilty about liking. I think the writers have done a great job making this show. It has a personality all its own.
The show is hilarious. Great cast of dysfunctional friends and family that hits many way too close to home. I laugh but can almost feel the pain of the situations that the family goes through. Show is fun to watch I think you can put it with any of the sitcoms out there that make you laugh. definitely worth watching.
Absolutely one of, if not the most funny new shows I've seen. You won't be disappointed. These guys are brilliant!!
Covert Affairs has been an interesting show to watch.This season is the best where Annie is more mature and takes more risks as a spy. I do not regret purchasing it.
A must see for anyone who likes flea markets, antique malls, and the like.  Amazing the stuff these guys find!
I think the show has alot of potential.  The first episodes  caught my attention quickly.  Hoping the rest of them are just as good.  Like shows made from comic books.
The premise of this series is very interesting. The main character of Superintendent Albert Tyburn held my interests throughout all episodes with his underplayed no-nonsense approach to whatever  his job demanded.  He is a man of principle who tolerates the ingrained prejudices and guilty secrets of the populace in the community.  Trevor Eve is a talented actor.  The writing of this series is very good, engaging, and at times disturbing because of its honest account of cultural attitudes of the time.I regret that there were not more episodes of this series. It was totally engaging, although uncomfortable at times because of the plot lines. A glimpse into Africa's past, under British dominion.  The story line probably irritated some who could have seen their own prejudices portrayed by the characters here.  I would like to see more of Trevor Eve in British productions.Joss Ackland had a pivotal role in this  story.  An actor of great skill, able to portray the most evil of men with great skill.  His acting is so effective; always disturbs me, simply because it is so good.I will probably watch this again, as it has lessons that are not clearly apparent at first viewing.
I can not believe this did not last at least 5 seasons. well written and a good cast. love this one.
One well done and outstanding show.  But it was a victim of a writers strike action.  Shame.  Great acting and stories.  Too me, a must have DVD set.
This series and these guys and their backups are going to be classics. Right up there with 'I Love Lucy'. I have to watch, even the stupid reruns.
The stories always keep you entertained and surprised.  Not the same old stale stories that a lot of shows keep repeating.
Finally a werewolf show I can sink my teeth into! In a world where almost 100% of Syfy's programs are corny, cheesy crap, this one shines through.
I felt like I was visiting history, not just watching a PBS special. We made it family night viewing and shared ideas after the show.
FINDING BIGFOOT is awfully scattered about on Amazon ~ so I'm doing a generic review for several of them.This has become one of my favorite shows. It does me no harm nor embarrasses me to compare the show to Cousteau's work or Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom with the equally great Marlin Perkins. Here, the explorers except one are amateurs. "Bobo" Fay, a man I know I recognize from TV or film from his work as a stuntman, is great comic relief and a Sasquatch believer extraordinaire.Matt Moneymaker, who may or may not have relatives in my hometown, is the self-proclaimed "leader" (the others lashed him over that mistake, since they consider themselves co-workers/equals). Ranae Holland, a lady I admire deeply, is the scientist (a field biologist who used to study birds, I think). The last good fellow is Cliff Barackman.Cliff Barackman is the reticent fellow--talks the least but works just as hard. This team comprises the Bigfoot Field Research Organization (hope I got that right, I always reverse "field" and "research" but I am accustomed to the arrangement "field research"). They go to particular places, meet with the witnesses town-meeting style, then get to investigating the three most credible witnesses.All of that is basically what the show is; however, I compare it to the other great shows of my youth because these folks are going out and doing the work those Old School greats also did for TV. One day, I know it will occur, they'll find and film a real Sasquatch. Some may disagree with me, but I believe Roger Patterson's 1967 film is the only authenticated and proved documentary of a real Sasquatch.In the first season, you may witness squabbles. That was unfortunate and I know the whole crew lashed out at their producer for showing that--they also nailed him for making them look stupid, which unfortunately he did. It seems they demanded a more honest, higher quality show.GOOD for them! If the story is true, my impression was they were ready to walk sometime after the 2nd season if things didn't change. For me, that is all I need to know I am seeing real explorers looking for a REAL animal. That's right, I said "real". The Sasquatch is real--but I often wonder if my generation will ever see another aside from Patterson's Bigfoot (who is nicknamed "Patty").Get this and just enjoy the relaxing pleasure of watching field workers who are not afraid of anything. The creepy locations where they find themselves often startles me, and watching Bobo, who is around 6'6" and I will not hazard a guess as to his weight, running around in the wilderness...to use his expression, that is as "squatchy" as you can get.PERSONAL NOTES: I have given kudos to Matt Moneymaker for speaking out against David Paulides, and if you read my reviews of Paulides' books you'll know why:Missing 411-Western United States & Canada: Unexplained Disappearances of North Americans that have never been solvedandMissing 411- Eastern United States: Unexplained disappearances of North Americans that have never been solved.However, my big hero is Ranae Holland, an out-and-proud lesbian who clearly misses her deceased father. She always speaks of watching Bigfoot shows with him on TV--and he seems to have been a believer. That is touching, and I admire Holland greatly.UPDATE OF AWESOMENESS: Yes, I wrote awesomeness and I meant it. At the start of FINDING BIGFOOT's 4th season, a new special was aired that explored the cast members. It made my day to learn about them all, and I'm sharing it with you:MATT MONEYMAKER, the founder of the BFRO, as it turns out, is a lawyer more interested in Bigfoot education. Well, at least he graduated from law school and that made me admire him so much more--and it explains his manner of speaking plus his bossy attitude. What I loved about Matt, the only married cast member, is his wife is an M.D. and surgeon! (Or at least she was--I'm not certain she actually still practices.)CLIFF BARACKMAN gained much more respect in my estimation when I learned he produces fun DVDs about his own personal, off-show Bigfoot expeditions. They are hilarious and I think Animal Planet ought to share them. Cliff also holds a degree in jazz music and is a fine musician. The wife and I also admire his 15 years of service as an elementary school teacher. Along with Ranae, Cliff is all about education.BOBO FAY happens to be something of a 'chef', and in his heyday was a hell of a surfer. It saddened me to learn that his back is causing such trouble that he requires surgery. As I suspected, Bobo is extremely intelligent and utilizes his common sense more often than most people. We do truly wish him well in his upcoming back surgery; it broke my heart when he explained that his hands often do not do what he wants them to do.RANAE HOLLAND, about whom I learned nothing more than she seems more antisocial than I first assumed, apparently does love meeting and talking with people. Yet she avoided allowing the cameras into her Seattle home (the others welcomed the cameras in except Bobo, who allowed them to film the outside). As usual, though, Ranae managed to somehow say little yet make it all about how fantastic her physique is....But I know better than to simply 'judge a book by its cover'!If I may close with some suggestions for the happy continued success of this groundbreaking show: Ranae, easy on the skepticism! You're scarier than a Sasquatch throwing rocks! Bobo: no complaints. Cliff, pardon me deeply, but you come off as just plain goofy. Can you add some professorial notes to your regular speaking voice? And Matt! STOP SHOUTING! IT ISN'T NECESSSARY!!!And two last things: please stop doing so many Bigfoot "calls". It is irritating as hell, and I seriously doubt that it helps at all. Also, Ranae especially, when you chase what you think is a Sasquatch, DON'T trample all over the area where you saw it! Ever heard of "evidence"? Footprints? How will you gather any by doing all that trampling?
Interesting and funny with a bit of thoughtfulness. It seems like a good reflection on human behavior while staying lite and funny
This is without a doubt one of the top shows on television right now. Top notch acting across the board, and great story lines. I love that Amazon includes this series on Prime, love this show. Awesome.
Clearly,the best tv show ever made! And so far (week 4) the final season is as good as the previous ones. The development of Walter White is really great to watch, but Jesse -the moralist- is my favorite character.
Covert Affairs is back for Season 5. If you've never watched this infectious drama, you will be in for a treat. It's heavy enough to showcase well written story lines and first rate performances from it's actors. It's light enough to offer quality entertainment. I've watched all seasons of Covert Affairs and miss it in the off-season. CIA, foreign intelligence operations, national security, foreign policies, spies...talented actors...There is nothing missing here.
They don't over-complicate recipes - in fact, the opposite - they find the best way to make dishes.  The easiest, best-tasting, easy-to-follow.
I love the history and all the various theories and ideas. This show is for those with an open mind who enjoy entertaining the idea that part of history could include visitors from another galaxy. They do make a compelling case at times, and of course I don't always agree. Still this is really fun to watch.
A  nice change from typical TV and its brought back the musical in a sense.  Glee touches on all types of discriminations without focusing too much on the high school model.  In fact, the teachers are some of the best supporting characters, especially Sue Sylvester (who sometimes steals the show) a la Jane Lynch who first stood out for me in ROLE MODELS.  The creators tapped into Broadway stars to pull this one off and it worked.  The nice thing about the songs is that they don't stick to one decade.  In fact, they cover songs that all generations can remember them even if they're all updated.  This is arguably one of the hottest TV shows in several years and the visiting A list actors and actresses supports my stance.  MY GRADE: A minus to A.
love the walking dead but they should do it from how it got stared and who did it from the get go how did it spread in the air
Vic and the crew are a good ensemble cast who have so much going on in their lives you wonder how they'll pull it off
This episode was sweeter than Leslie Knope's favorite waffles. Mmmm, wafffffles! It was fun to see the cast go somewhere new & try different things. There is an awkward Heidi Klum cameo, but it's still kind of funny. Ben & Andy meet this British philanthropist and that was one of my favorite parts! Ron Swanson has some adventures & ... can't reveal! &#60;&#60;SPOILER&#62;&#62; I won't ruin it for you. :)))It's just a great episode where a lot of important life-changes happen to the gang, and it's hilarious as usual. I could have used more of &#34;Treat Yo' Self&#34; day, though. I can always enjoy more of that, and Tommy Fresh Cologne.
This is a really good series, I loved watching this show.  My boyfriend and I laughed so hard, some of the humor in this whole series is just so great.
Again, love all episodes and seasons. No Pain No Gain and Duct Tape 2 were highlights, with Mythbusters Top 25 being the real jewel (explosions set to Tchaikofsky -Epic).
Great new show with wonderful cast.  Fascinating story line that takes place in the '80's and it's interesting to look back and remember there really was a cold war with the USSR.
I came across this show by chance on Amazon.I am glad I did! It is like a mix of X-files (w/o the aliens) & Alcatraz . Highly recommended
Thank you Amazon for having a free season for Amazon Prime members. Very action bound sows with great plots and character development . Too bad season 2isn't free.
Unlike shows such as Lost, we already have some small sense of what an unlikely group of survivors have in common and perhaps what has caused communication and society overall to break down. I would be very happy to watch this show in a full run.
Obsessed with this show. I didn't get into this show until the third season but now I'm obsessed with it and it's characters and the way we learn a little more about them every now and then.
Great show from start to finish. The main character really takes her audience for a ride, when she bends her enemies to her kneeswith no mercy to give. The story takes place with a woman, takes revenge on a group of people who killed her father and each one of these villain turn in ex villain, when she takes her revenge on the people that hurt her and her father.
Love, love this show. It is really funny especially like the gang tries to win an award and mac day.
Our son loves Curious George, and its bearable for me to watch as well.  He's learned a lot from the different George episodes, making it easier for me to allow him to watch it.
When I first heard of this show, I was thinking, oh gosh what kind of lame show is this? I mean aliens, really??! But once you start watching, you'll be hooked!
If you enjoy crime dramas then this is definitely the ticket.  It reminds me a bit of The Killing which was an excellent show that did not get it's appropriate due on AMC.  The show was suspenseful throughout and it even had me jumping a few times.  The characters are a bit dark at this point but I'm sure that will change as the plot develops.  It left you with a nice hook at the end to bring you back for the next episode.  Overall, it was entertaining and interesting.  I will continue to watch this again and see how it progresses.
My wife and I enjoy watching this show to get an idea of our next must haves for a home. It's interesting to see how much house your money can get you in different areas.
I was hooked after the first episode. Very good storyline and very believable.
This is a staple of my video library, paid some outrageous sum for it on DVD years ago, I've watched it dozens of times, for me the quintessential Pride and Prejudice. I supplement or complement my viewing with other versions, but this one for me is the gold standard, the best of them all.  I'm a Jane Austen admirer and naturally go for versions most in keeping with her books.  Though this one deviates from the book in several ways (the wet shirt scene, for one!), Colin Firth is so phenomenal as Darcy, and Jennifer Ehle as Lizzie, and the other characters are so similarly vivid and well-acted (e.g., Jane, Mr. Bingley, everybody), it makes up for it.The one I find truest to the book, and with a more spirited (er, oppositional, impertinent, self-possessed) Lizzie and a more restrained Darcy, is the 1980Pride and Prejudice (BBC Miniseries)(free to stream for Prime members right now).  Despite the less posh production values, there were several things I preferred in this version, the mother's character for one (though I like Allison Steadman, I don't care for the depiction of Mrs. Bennet in the Firth-Ehle version, SO annoying).  And, the 1980 offering included a number of scenes from the book not found in the Firth-Ehle version, to round out one's P&P; experience.  This version develops the characters more fully (except for Jane), for example, Lydia, Mr. and Mrs. Bennet (below).***MANY SPOILERS FOLLOW*** Austen was brilliant and there's a LOT going on in her books, so, not easy to capture it all in any one film reproduction.  Just one example, is the complexity of Mr. Bennet.  Although he loves Lizzie, he's quite a jerk, insults his wife and other daughters constantly, isn't happy with his lot in life and fancies himself superior to others (perhaps with little justification).  He married Mrs. Bennet, a flirt and the belle of the ball, because he was sexually attracted to her, but rapidly lost interest.  The extent to which that dynamic is revealed was better captured in the 1980 version, I thought.  In the Firth-Ehle version, Mrs. Bennett is presented as an overwrought  drama-queen, frequently overcome by "my poor nerves".  Mr. Bennet's frequent retreat to his library, and even his sarcastic remarks (often at her expense) are seen as simple reactions to that, understandable.In fact, Austen makes it clear that Mr. Bennet's pettiness, lack of love for and support of his wife, his dismissive attitude towards her, his air of superiority and ENDLESS messing with, er, "trifling" with her head, are not justified by and are far more egregious faults in Lizzie's eyes than those displayed by her mother.  These issues are all tied up in the twin notions of being of good character and marrying out of love and/or regard for the other in the first place, instead of merely what you can GET from them.  Indeed, a central theme of the book is Lizzie and Darcy improving each other, that's what good relationships do.  (I think the marriage of Charlotte and Mr. Collins fits that bill too, re: basic regard/respect for each other and them improving one another, ultimately a happy union.)  Another Austen theme is honesty, self-examination, which Darcy evinces in abundance, but Mr. Bennet only rarely.  Another point of contrast between them is the care and solicitude Darcy evinces towards his errant sister, taking his share of the responsibility, unlike Mr. Bennet.  Indeed, the couple of times Mr. Bennet IS honest and admitting of error, it's such a big deal Austen underlines it, in effect (to be seen in both versions).Though Lizzie loves her father dearly, she doesn't hold him in especially high regard, and in a very effective scene in this version, the line: "He [Darcy] is the best of men.  He is truly the BEST man I have ever known..." is added, not in the original text, nor were Mr. Bennet's tears, but it's bittersweet because her father is hurt, yet happy for his Lizzy.  And it's doubly poignant because, not only has she found a man with all the qualities her father lacks, but miracle of miracles, she LOVES him and he her!  And SUCH a surprise, because he initially seemed such a cad.  This is just one thread of MANY in the tale, and it is intriguing to me how different versions embody both the actual content of Austen's books and her implications, her incisive and canny characterizations.  I watch different film versions to partake of the different details provided by each, for me they complement each other nicely.  The entire scene from the book in which Lizzie tells her father she loves Darcy is omitted from the 1980 film, oddly, but for me made up for by its ending, closely paralleling the book, in which Elizabeth and Darcy quietly discuss how they fell in love.  Both adaptations have their strengths.Another film (mini-series) that for me virtually channels Jane Austen [her marvelous language, her wry wit] isLost in Austen, in which a modern day reader accidentally gets transported into the story, swapping lives with Lizzie- intriguing, marvelous (though events transpire VERY differently).  If you like time travel movies and Jane Austen, don't miss it.This Pride and Prejudice was my favorite BBC-type production for many years, and I still love it, butNorth & Southhas replaced it as my absolute favorite.  It's about a woman who moves from the bucolic South of England to Yorkshire, might as well be the moon (where men and women actually shake hands, and say what they mean, unbelievable).  She soon meets cryptic, driven, smoldering Richard Armitage, and the sparks fly.  Romantically, it has many of the same themes as Pride and Prejudice, but told in a different way- it's no comedy of manners, no dances and flirting and game-playing, instead, full of existential and life or death issues and class struggles (against the backdrop of the Industrial Revolution, which exploded in the north, transforming society), it's ALIVE with longing and romantic promise, as well as the heady sense of a brand new age.  PHENOMENAL.  I watched it on instant video and immediately bought the DVD.Anyway, if you haven't seen this, watch it, I think you'll love it as I do, and if you get the Jane Austen bug, you might then trySense And Sensibility,EmmaandPersuasion, all favorites, though Persuasion was Austen's last book and most mature work, rather quiet and introspective, slow-moving.  Viva Jane Austen!
This show is a breath of fresh air!  Believable characters, real-life work conflicts, interesting weekly stories, and great actors.  It is all you could ask for in a series and more.
I have never like the Zombie genre.  Just dumb to me.  All the gore and guts and brains eating.  And the premise was ludicrous.  THEN along came The Walking Dead.  If you don't know, this show isn't really about Zombies at all.  Sure, it's full of Zombies, and the gore that goes along with rotten dead people-things who chase you down and eat you alive, but that's not what this show is about.  If you will give it a few episodes you will see what I mean.  It's really about people surviving against incredible odds.  What would you do to survive if you woke up one morning in the middle of the Lion and Hyena filled plains of Africa?  How about if you found yourself in the middle of the worst rabies epidemic in history?  Or another Black Plaque?  The Zombies in The Walking Dead represent that kind of threat, only a bit funner.  They are ZOMBIES after all, right?As this show has gone on it has grown into a better and better show.  This isn't by accident from interviews that I have seen with it's creator and producers.  Unlike many shows that just seem to go aimlessly from week to week, with the latest trouble to deal with each week - that they DO deal with each week - this show has been building from day one right up to the last episode of this season.  It's put together like a motion picture that might be 2 hours, but this movie is YEARS long.  Which is AWESOME!  It's only gotten better and better season by season and now that the main characters have arrived at __________________ (I don't want to give anything away) it feels like that part in the movie where all the characters have been introduced, the plot established, and the REAL ACTION just begins.  Ever been to a movie where the first 20-30 minutes, the set-up part, were so good that you just said to yourself, &#34;This is going to be GOOD&#34;?  That's where we are with The Walking Dead, only we got to thoroughly enjoy 4 seasons already.  My family and I can hardly wait to see what comes next, as can most people who have been watching this show all along.Do yourself a favor if you have been avoiding this because you don't like zombie movies.  Just set that aside for 3 episodes and watch.  If you don't like it by then, you probably won't like any of the rest of it.  But if you do like it by then, you are in luck because it just gets better and better and better.  The character development is fantastic.  These people in this show come across as real people, not made up hollywood versions of real people.  It's really fascinating to watch how each character develops and grows from the struggles to survive that they endure.Five &#34;Zombified&#34; Stars!
THE ANSWER MAN is that rare film that combines good, quiet humor with class and a deep moral lesson. Think that's easy? Try to think of at least one title with which to compare this film.It's been 20 years since Arlen Faber (a brilliant Jeff Daniels) has published his magnum opus book, "Me and God" (the title should have been a big red flag all by itself). Trouble is, though Faber is globally revered and "has cornered 10% of the God market", he's a tourettic, reclusive a-hole who desperately needs the simplest answers for himself.With his back thrown completely out one day, after having spent possibly 24 hours on the floor, Faber literally crawls to his local neighborhood chiropractor, the dingy Elizabeth (Lauren Graham). She heals him rather rapidly and he falls for her. Not long after this, Faber encounters Kris Lucas (the beautiful Lou Taylor Pucci, who has the eyes/lashes of Elizabeth Taylor and is best known for his title-role in 2005's THUMBSUCKER), a forlorn recovering alcoholic bookstore owner. It is totally hilarious to watch the running side-line story of Faber trying to return 50 or 60 self-help books, and Lucas refusing them.A most hilarious scene with Faber in disguise, furiously shelving the books Lucas cannot buy back, results in Lucas catching hold of Faber's coat. Realizing who the mystery grouch is, Lucas blackmails him: Lucas will take back 5 books in exchange for the answer to one vital question. IN the end, Faber is helping Lucas because he wants to help this sweet, likeable boy.Faber is not only a lost man in pain, he is a foul-tempered, foul-mouthed sad soul who cannot deal well with people. On one level he is clearly tired of everyone thinking he is the Answer Man. As a priest, I know the feeling. As a flawed, ordinary man, I can identify with both Faber and Kris Lucas--their pain, frailty and vulnerability. They never really connect because they are the same man at different ages.Get this lovely, gentle and hilarious film--and find out the real meaning of life.
In the pilot, the look and feel of this show does for the Bionic Woman, what they did for Battlestar on the Sci-Fi channel( if not quite as gritty). Where as the original was just silly, this seems (so far) as a well thought out story, with people that we may come to care about for (good or ill).The subplots, of Jamie's reletionships with her sister, and evil crazy counterpart, for me (at least so far) make for good drama.They've got my interest, I just hope the show lives up to the pilot.
Thought provoking, engaging show. The premise is a tad preposterous, but very well written.  Great shots of New York. That and White Collar almost make me want to visit Manhattan.  Almose
One of the best shows ever on tv. It's not the same without Kyra. I bought all 7 seasons! The Closer offers pretty much everything!
I really enjoyed this show. I wish more detective shows were like this one. Too bad they had to put a sex scene in it. The show would have done better without that.
Ok, so I have to admit, when I saw the advertisements for this show, all I could think of was that it looked cheesy and very tween centered.  Then I saw an episode on TV, intrigued I took a look at Hulu and caught some of the second season episodes they had there.  Now, its a guilty pleasure and I just had to get the first season to see how it all started.Glee is a great show in that its positive.  Sure there's some mature themes in it, but really, its about life and that just makes it more realistic.  It shows overcoming obstacles and reaching for your dreams.  But most importantly, it has great music.  Glee is about the New Directions, a glee club who isn't very popular at school but enjoys each other's company and can put on quite the show.  They have several struggles and triumphs through the series and in order to stay as a club at the school, have the ultimate goal of placing in regionals to keep their funding.Characters:Artie Abrams (Kevin Mchale) is a paraplegic and a guitar player.  He has dreams of being a dancer and also is a love interest for Tina.Rachel Berry (Lea Michele) is annoying yet determined.  She wants to be a star and will let nothing stand in her way.  She grows through the series and has to learn that it isn't all about her, despite her talent.Tina Cohen-Chang (Jenna Ushkowitz) is a goth wonderful singer with a stutter.  She spends most of her time with Mercedes and Artie and learns to accept herself for who she is and not drive people away.Quinn Fabray (Dianna Agron) is head cheerleader and cruelly vicious.  After spying for Sue Sylvester on the glee club and then ending up pregnant, she instead finds solace and friendship in the group.Finn Hudson (Cory Monteith) is a little unintelligent but has a lot of heart.  Quarterback of the football team he is blackmailed into joining the glee club because of his outstanding voice, but later learns that its where he wants to be.Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer) is an out of the closet gay student.  He has a wonderful singing voice, and is a bit diva-ish but really appreciates his friends.  He is often bullied for his unique nature.Mercedes Jones (Amber Riley) is a main diva.  She isn't afraid to express who she is and competes with Rachel for solos in the club.  She is a Cheerio at one point, but returns to Glee because its where her heart is.Santana Lopez (Naya Rivera) is another of Sue's spies but admits that Glee is the best part of her day.  She gives the other members a hard time and is sometimes vicious.Brittany Pierce (Heather Morris) is another of Sue's spies but cannot perform the task adequately as she is a complete airhead.  She's a great dancer and often unintentionally provides comic relief for the group.Emma Pillsbury (Jayma Mays) is the school's guidance counselor.  She has extreme OCD and during most of the season has a crush on Will that in some parts is returned.  She is also engaged to the coach Ken Tanaka during the series.Noah Puckerman (Mark Salling) is the bad boy of the group.  Known for his trademark mohawk and being great with the ladies, he joins the glee club after being in the Acafellas with Will.  He is a love interest for several of the group's girls.Will Schuester (Mark Morrison) is the glee club director and Spanish teacher.  He has a good heart but doesn't always listen to the kid's on what they want.  But he learns quickly and always tries to do his best for them.  A former Glee club member himself, he is a great singer and dancer.  He has a lot of love interests and has trouble with relationships.Terry Schuester (Jessalyn Gilsig) is Will's neurotic wife.  Originally seen as controlling and bossy, she mellows out when trying to hide a secret from Will.  She cannot overcome her jealousy and suspicion however and does not add to the relationship very much.Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) is definitely the nemesis of the Glee Club.  Head of the vastly awarded Cheerio's she is upset that Will's club is cutting into her budget.  She'll stop at nothing to destroy the New Directions.  She does have moments where her inner goodness shines out however, and it keeps the audience guessing.Mike Chang (Harry Shum Jr) is a football player who is also a great dancer.  He plays a minor role in the series but is great at backup.Burt Hummel (Mike O'Malley) is Kurt's father.  He's a bit confused about how to do right for his gay son, but ultimately loves him and wants the best for him.Jacob Ben Israel (Josh Sussman) is the head of the school paper and has an extreme crush on Rachel.  She is often seen trying to avoid him.Becky Jackson (Lauren Potter) is a member of the Cheerio's that has Down Syndrome.  She becomes Sue's special sidekick.Matt Rutherford (Dijon Talton) is a football member that has joined glee club.  He plays a very minor part often doing backup.Principal Figgins (Iqbal Theba) is a nice guy but easily mislead.  He cowtows to Sue and often doesn't rule favorably for the glee club.  He tries to do what is right however and does save them once in awhile.Sandy Ryerson (Stephen Tobolowsky) is the former glee club director.  He was removed for inappropriate conduct and is later used for comic relief and the selling of illegal drugs.Ken Tanaka (Patrick Gallagher) is the coach of the school teams.  He is in love with Emma and jealous of Will.  He causes problems at times but ultimately is just a guy who wants to be loved.Shelby Corcoran (Idina Menzel) is the coal of the rival glee club Vocal Adrenaline.  She is also Rachel's biological mother.Jesse St. James (Jonathan Groff) is the lead singer of Vocal Adrenaline.  For a time he is a love interest of Rachel's before becoming a rival again.April Rhodes (Kristin Chenowenth) is a washed up former glee club member who never finished high school.  After a stroke of good luck and some help from Will she ends up rich and helps out the glee club.There are many other characters, but most play minor roles.As a whole I think they did a great job of casting the characters.  They also included some cameos such as Josh Groban and Olivia Newton John and also Neil Patrick Harris.  There were some characters that I just didn't care for however.  I'm not a big fan of the Emma Pillsbury character.  I realize she's a love interest for Will but I think her arc in the story takes a lot away from the show's true purpose; the glee club.  She also, despite her eccentricities, just isn't that interesting and I can't see why Will would be interested in her.  The same would go for her boyfriend in the series, Ken Tanaka.  He makes things hard for Will and the football players, but aside from that, doesn't add too much.Most of the characters I love though.  Artie is fantastic and you really feel compassion for him especially in the episode on dancing.  Sue Sylvester is great.  She plays the perfect villain and I can never tell what she's going to do next.  All of the Glee club members really know how to put on a show.Episodes:The First Season has 22 episodes and they are all jam-packed with music, dancing, and your soap opera-ish type plot lines that seem to be popular.**Warning, some of these episode descriptions could be considered spoilers for plot lines.Pilot:This introduces us to the gang and also to the formidable Will Scheuster, a Spanish teacher, former glee club member, and the new director of the Glee club.  The group largely consists of outcasts and starts only five members strong.  But they've got talent, it just needs to be explored.  We are also introduced to Will's formidable wife Terry and the guidance counselor who has a crush on him, Emma Pillsbury.Shomance:In order to try to get some new members (and not be slushied in the face) the group puts together a number to sing in front of the whole school.  Will takes on some new responsibility since he has learned Terri is pregnant, but she isn't telling him the whole truth. Glee Club's Arch Nemesis Sue Sylvester (coach of the award winning Cheerio's cheer squad) sends some cheerleaders as spies into the glee club.Acafellas:Will forms an all male vocal group and in doing so gives up some responsibility to the glee club.  They hire a dance instructor, but realize that they just need to accept each other for who they are.  Especially Kurt as he struggles with his sexuality.Preggers:In this episode, Kurt comes out of the closet, but also joins the football team. Quinn tells Finn that he is the father of her baby and they have to decide what they are going to do with their future despite the fact that she knows Puck is actually the father.  The Glee club also helps the football team win a game.The Rhodes Not Taken:With Rachel quitting to perform in the school play, Will enlists former glee member April Rhodes to be in the glee club.  As she never graduated high school, she is still able to do this.  While struggling to overcome April's bad influence on the group and competing at sectionals, the glee clubbers have a lot on their plate.Vitamin D:After their success at Invitationals, the team feels too confident to perform adequately so Will has the girls compete against the boys.  However, Terri, newly appointed as the school nurse gives the kids over the counter drugs to help them pep up and ultimately gets them in even more trouble.Throwdown:With Sue as co-director of the Glee club, things couldn't be more tense.  She tries to pit the group against each other and then the group becomes even more disheveled when its revealed to the rest of the school that Quinn is pregnant.Mash-Up:When asked to come up with a way to mash two very unlikely song together for Emma and Ken's wedding, Will has to struggle with his feelings for Emma.  These aren't the only relationship problems in this episode as Finn, Quinn, Rachel, and Puck all have to deal with their feelings as well.Wheels:When its revealed how hurt Artie is that he can't travel with the rest of the group they try to raise money to rent a wheelchair accessible school bus for him to take to regionals.  Artie learns something unexpected about Tina, and Sue shows her softer side.Ballad:Will assigns the group a task to sing ballads to each other about how they feel.  This results in a lot of secrets being exposed and Finn telling Quinn's parents about her pregnancy.Hairography:When they see their competition for regionals (and Will is subsequently impressed by their use of hair in dance) they all don the wings and have a rockin time using "Hairography" in their routines.  Quinn considers putting the baby up for adoption.Mattress:After a big uproar about the team not appearing in the yearbook Rachel finds a way to try to make them popular again by starring in a local Mattress company commercial.  This compromises them however, as they are paid in mattresses and this could disqualify them from competition.  Will discovers Terri has been lying to him about her pregnancy and spends the night at the school.Sectionals:With Will stepping down from coaching the club, Emma postpones her wedding to take the team to sectionals where they learn that their set-list as been leaked to the opposing teams.  With not a lot of hope in sight, and Finn not showing up as he learns the truth about Quinn's baby, they have to find a way to win in spite of the troubles.Hell-O:This ones all about relationships.  Will and Emma struggle to accept each other the way they are.  Finn is undecided about Rachel and Sue has Santana and Brittany try to ruin that relationship.  Rachel also meets the lead singer of a rival glee club and makes a connection.The Power of Madonna:Just like it sounds, this episode pays homage to Madonna.  With the girls feeling inferior, Will assigns them Madonna songs hoping it will make them feel empowered.Home:When Finn finds out that his mother and Kurt's father are dating he's not sure how to take it. April comes back and helps the team with their auditorium problems and Mercedes learns to feel good about herself.Bad Reputation:After a list ranking the glee club members by hotness circulates, they try to figure out ways to make themselves "badder" in order to rise on the list.  This results in relationships being broken, feelings being hurt, and quite a bit of slushie facials.Laryngitis:When Rachel loses her voice she thinks its the end of the world.  Kurt struggles with his identity and begins dating Brittany.Dream On:When Will's old rival in glee club Bryan Ryan wants to cut Glee from the school budget, he has to give up some of his dreams in order to keep it going.  Artie also has to come to term with his dreams of being a dancer.Theatricality:This episode pays homage to Lady Gaga and all her craziness.  Rachel meets her mother and Kurt and Finn's families move in together creating tension.Funk:After feeling a bit defeated by Vocal Adrenaline, a competing team, Will teaches the glee club that they have funk and soul.  Rachel is also devastated when Jesse returns to Vocal Adrenaline.Journey:The team's performance at Regionals will determine their future in the school.  However, they've just learned that Sue is one of the judges and are feeling depressed.  Quinn goes into labor.As a whole the episodes are great and I enjoy the music.  I should note however that some of the plot lines tend to get stale and drawn out.  They also focus more on some characters than others and while the tension between Rachel and Finn is interesting, it just gets boring after awhile.  Some of the more minor characters have great back stories and I'd love to see it expanded.Some of the story lines were quite touching though.  Quite a few timse there were moments in the show that I could feel tears coming to my eyes.  Now that's good writing!Music:Since this is Glee I have to talk about the music.  The show uses a mix of modern tunes and old classics and of course show tunes.  They use Madonna, Lady Gaga, Journey, and other popular artists in their works.  The actors do their own singing but it is slightly noticeable that it is prerecorded.I did enjoy most of the music but thought they got a little heavy handed with the show tunes and broadway hits once in awhile.  Its not that they're not good songs, I just thought the performances and singing for the modern hits were much better done and also better coreographed.~~~This is a great family friendly tv series.  While it explores some mature themes (teen pregnancy, virginity, drugs, etc.) it does so in an approachable way and a parent can easily sit and explain right choices to their kids while watching.  But its also entertaining for adults.  There are plot lines that keep it interesting and music to keep you entertained.  While I would love to see more music there's only so much they can fit into an hour long episode.  Fantastic series and I highly recommend watching it.Review by M. Reynard 2010
A friend got me hooked on this show. I don't know where they're going with it, but I'm definitely in.
This season was a bit darker and twisted than the last 2, but as always, excellent writing, casting and acting makes this show shine. Great story lines and character development and Raylan is awesome! Can't wait for Season 4.
I love this series.  I tape every show every Sun. night.  Just missed the first one.  Watched it with my seven year old grandson and he was interested also.  Easy to understand.  How do people still believe in Creationism?
Action packed show! Star,Timothy Olyphant, from HBO's Deadwood, is a US Marshall in Kentucky. He and supporting cast are excellent! If you liked Tim in Deadwood you will love him in &#34;Justified&#34;.
Yes I did like the final season, I just kept watching season 4 because I knew there was a final season just there waiting. I was tired of so much violence and no consequence. Overall good, but Mr White should have gotten some jail time...
Probably my favorite show. I love it. I look forward to it every season. Timothy Oliphant is the best. Great.
Heather can sing too???  What can't she do!  Send Ramona to the loony bin...
My wife introduced me to this series and now, for anyone who's seen it already knows, I'm addicted.  I wish I could have someone do this for our yard...
Have been waiting patiently for this season and was rewarded.  Raylan and crew prove again that there is a little good in the worst of people and a little bad in the best of people.  Well, maybe except a few really, really bad ones!
What's not to like?  Great stories and no worries about questionable language, violence, or rough behavior.  Just a solid show for the kids.
This is one of the best TV series ever and is worthy of every one of its five stars. Season Two continues the intricate plot in which Phillip and Elizabeth Jennings, apparently a model family in the suburbs, are actually KGB deep cover agents engaged in spying against the US Government.The time is circa 1980, shortly after President Reagan is elected President so in this sense the series is a period piece.  The KGB is deeply paranoid about President Reagan, the Star Wars program, the Central American contra initiative, and pretty much everything that Reagan did to finally defeat the Soviets.  But that has not happened yet and in fact, in this series, the KGB often wins.This is an excellent series that is head-and-shoulders above the usual Hollywood stuff.  It is highly addictive and entertaining and I never miss an episode.  RJB.
This show has the potential to make HBO and Showtime VERY envious. It was able to create interesting, well rounding characters in only 30 minutes. The acting, the writing, direction...all great. I'd love to see this show continue and dig deeper in to their lives.
Refreshingly honest. Respected his audience.  Didn't buy into the Hollywood mind speak.  We will miss hearing Ed say - Here's Johnny!
I usually do not like &#34;musicals&#34;, but when I saw Smash was available on prime-I figured why not.The story line got me in the first episode, 2 aspiring actors/singers vying for the same role. one looking for her first big break and the other was a Midwestern town wanting to get her foot in the door.Enough said, good story line, interesting characters and yes...good music
There is usually a &#34;whats going to happen next&#34;  character to these episodes. Well acted, powerful relationships. A nice package.
I like the Archer shows. Better or just as good as Tosh2.0 only less offensive than Tosh2.0Very funny stuff and down to earth black humor that we all have seen when people stick their foot into their mouth by stuff they say and do. LOLROF funny.
I find this series very refreshing I love it ! and watch it over and over  very family friendly viewing!
Love it , Love it , love it!!!!!
My friend has this movie and I didn't have the chance to watch the whole series so bought my own to watch it.
Charlie Crews trough Damian Lewis approaches detective work through a combination of intelligence, in zen. Wrongfully imprisoned the shows always has a great lead case and solving his own is advanced. It is the greatest shame this show was not picked up ongoing. I&#8217;ve watched it 3 times since it was cancelled.
Even better than the first two seasons. It is laugh-out-loud funny. All the characters have really started to come together.
I love love stories and this is one of the best ones I've ever seen. It's sad and real and will break your heart. The acting is amazing!!
I had to catch up on some episodes that I missed and this was a great choice. Great, clear picture.
I get why people don't like it. It's not the exact same &#34;24&#34; that we came to love. There can be some cheesy soap opera-ish moments. But overall, it gets better as it progresses. The last few episodes have that old 24 feeling, because as one thing ends, a new twist pops up. Plus, you see how the events of what happened before have affected characters. Worth watching if you are a fan of 24. Wish they had done more than 12 episodes.
I'm a fan of the series, interested in the problem-solving process. Glad it was renewed.  I'll be waiting for itl
There will always be great TV shows that get cancelled before their time. But the cancellation of Life was especially painful. The first season, like many other series, suffered from the writers strike, and only 11 of 22 episodes were made. This didn't stop the creators from producing a quality product, but the reduction in episodes made the tail end of that season feel rushed. The second season has 21 episodes, and they make the most of them.Life succeeds where many shows fail in that the show is able to focus on the main characters lives while still delivering interesting storylines that play off said characters quirks. Some shows feature characters with great chemistry, but the creators seem to think that chemistry is enough to hold a show together. Storylines will often take a back seat to the minutia of the lead characters, and hurt the show.In Life the characters personal problems are intergrated into the storyline making them feel organic, and much more enjoyable to watch. The cases they go on are never normal, but they never cross over into being wacky. The criminals are never your cookie cutter bad guys, but instead individuals with their own unique motivations that make them far more dangerous, and alot more fun to watch.Damian Lewis gives an incredible performance giving his character a wide array of emotions that never feel forced. Sarah Shahi is wonderfully grounded when standing next to Lewis and acts as a friend and not just the straight man that has become standard fare, though she does that very well. The new captain, played to great effect by Donal Logue,  complements the cast perfectly and never feels lile his character was forced on us. When Sarah was with child, Gabrielle Union stepped in and delivered a performance that did not try to copy Sarah's, but made the character her own.This is a phenomenal show that was cancelled long before it's time, and you will be doing yourself a disservice if you do not see it.
A fascinating collection that is understandable to those new to the concept or those familiar with the art of warfare.  Easy to follow analogies and in depth descriptions  that give an understanding of all the components found in ground warfare. These documentaries offer a comprehensive and accurate history. Interviews, original footage, diagrams, and reenactments afford  detailed information for those interested in military history. The cause and effect of the art of warfare is presented within the concepts of history, humanity and military medicine.Exceptionally well presented documentary. This episode offers an example of how the other episodes are presented.
I love this series.  The actor is one of my favorites and now the actress also.  The story is good, and the character interaction allows you to become a part of the plot and the family.  I really like the way that is incorporated.  I would recommend this to my friends, and anyone that enjoys a light criminal investigation and romance.
... my friend, this is. An almighty business man, accustomed to being sought after for his money or used by competitors, falls in love with a female artist hired to make a fresco for the foyer of his building. Being cautious he sets his spies on her, planting microphones and cameras in her rooms and workrooms, only to be embarrassed when he finds himself in an amorous situation with her, and does not want to be recorded. All the roles are well-played especially by Bonmaire. I think I loved it.
Grimm has great personalities and terrific storylines.  The outlying Portland area really is shown to best advantage in these episodes.  Hope this one continues forever!
TO ME THIS IS THE CROWN JEWEL OF BRITISH COMEDY SERIES(EVEN SURPASSING BENNY HILL). THE WHOLE SERIES IS WELL CONCEIVED AND BRILLIANTLY EXECUTED BY THE OUTSTANDING CAST OF ACTORS. I OWN THE SERIES ON DVD, WATCH IT EVERY SATURDAY ON PBS AND OCCASIONALLHY ON AMAZON PRIME. YOU CAN NEVER TIRE OF THE SUBTLE HUMOR OF THE SHOW, NO MATTER WHAT SEASON YOU STEP INTO..
I liked the series very much.  wish there were more  chapters.  there wasn't anything I didn't like about it.  most of the people I had'nt  seen before, which made me enjoy it more,are there more of these kinds of show???
The Little Couple is one of the most realistic and heartfelt series ever and this season is the most dramatic and uplifting of all, surprisingly so when considering the stressful events that occur. The series picks up with Bill Klein and Jen Arnold's heading to India to bring home their newest child, two-year-old Zoey, from an orphanage there. With three-year-old Will in tow and nanny Kate to help out, the couple meets their daughter for the first time in a facility among the slums of Mumbai. Zoey is clingy and cantankerous and the smooth transition the couple was hoping for and had experienced with ever-smiling Will looks to be a bigger challenge with Zoey.Then, just after they claim Zoey and prepare to fly her home in a few days, the family is hit with tragedy. Jen is nearly hemorrhaging and has to decide whether to see a physician in India or fly back home before the entire adoption process is over. She chooses wisely and boards a plane to the States, leaving Will with Kate and Bill to finish up the adoption. A few days later the family is reunited in Houston, where Bill is met with dire news: Jen has a rare form of cancer.From there the season takes you through Jen's treatments, Zoey's adjustment to life in an American family, and Will's new role as big brother. Bill not only has to forge through his ever-changing role as new father, he also must become caregiver to Jen, who is remarkably strong and keeps that beautiful smile, laughing at Bill's jokes through the roughest times.This season is a whopper as far as changes in the Klein-Arnold household goes but, as usual, Bill and Jen approach new parenthood and life with cancer the same way they've approached everything up to this point: with a great sense of humor and a big, broad smile.
Seth is amazing this show will keep you in stiches. In my opinion it will last another season or two.
When I saw these two character in Upstairs Downstairs I loved them.  This series follows them after their time in service.  Sarah is just as fun loving as ever, and Thomas is still trying any get rich quick scheme he can lay his hands on.  They are heart warming, funny, raucous, and wild as ever in this series.  It was so much fun, you just never knew what they were up to next.  Pauline Collins was excellent and really carried the show off with panache.  Once again, I loved the costumes and the hairstyles.  If you liked Upstairs DownstaIrs you will love this series as well.
I loved this series.  I would give it more stars if possible.  The actors are excellent.  The story--though grisly at times-was compelling.  While watching it, I felt I was watching a true life drama.  Warts and all.  This is not some glossy police drama.  I felt bereft when it was over.  This ranks right up there with Prime Suspect.  Why do we have to go to the British to get real life dramas?  I am tired of the US smart mouth series.  Everyone has to be good looking, and have all the answers in three minutes.  But I digress. Buy it!
Great story, good acting-including many established actors. I  watch the shows over and over, and pick up on something I missed earlier.  Keeps you on your toes.....Love it!
I do like a good Law show, but rarely....its usually what I don't watch....I guess the show description was a bit unusual so I thought I would give it a try.  WOW I was hooked on the first episode and not one episode has been the least bit boring, I am having a hard time spacing them out.The show's theme song is also catchy, I downloaded it on my MP3 player.I hope Season 3 becomes available to Prime members soon!!So in summary, this show gets a 10 star instead of 5!!!
this is absolutely the best &#34;cop&#34; series i have ever watched even if it is an oder series.  thanks for offering it!
Tosh is one of the funniest stand ups I have seen. I was glad when the show started and am glad that I have been able to watch a few seasons on Amazon Instant Video.
This is in my opinion the best Cable TV dramatic series that has ever aired. I know 'The Sopranos' is very popular and so is 'Breaking Bad' but if you have to choose - this is the winner.Now I'll admit that I am a fan of Roman history. I have read all of Tacitus, Suetonius, Livy, Plutarch, and Polybius as well as a number of the minor historians. I have read many modern historians who wrote about Rome like Delbruck. And I have read lots of historical fiction set in Rome. So I can't claim to be neutral about the time period.This series gets a lot of things right that are usually gotten wrong. For example the rival cable  Starz  answered this series with a Roman themed series of their own - Spartacus. Spartacus is wildly inaccurate. It is more like alternative history than history. It doesn't even seem to take place on earth much less in earth's history. Spartacus is simply cable TV pornography. I like a little pornography from time to time but Spartacus became just silly. Both series showed full frontal nudity of both sexes but the HBO series handled these elements much more wisely.This series is not perfect. They have made some historical mistakes. I could point out where they got it wrong as a way of demonstrating how clever I am, but I won't. There are several issues of interpretation of  events and facts that I could argue with but I could be wrong too. Where the evidence is ambiguous different people will choose to believe different aspects.On the whole the producers have presented us with a miracle of verisimilitude. It looks like Rome and the characters act like Romans.
I love Under the Dome!  The story line is very engaging.  It's one of those shows that you make sure you don't miss.  There's a few episodes left, and I'll definitely be watching!
This show is smart and addictive. The story lines are spot-on and the acting is so believable. Each episode is well written and the actors bring their A-Game to each scene.
This has been a great season but I think Candi needs to put her mother Joyce in her place or she will never get the happiness she deserves.  Joyce and her senior citizen posse thinking they are bad lol.  I thought Ne Ne thinks she is better than the other girls and she is to arrogant this season and maybe she has just outgrown the show.  Porsche needs to go.  You have all of these intelligent women and the you have Porsche.
My wife and I are absolutely in love with this series. It features everything from outstanding writing and direction to great acting and compelling characters. This has filled the slot that 24 used to fill in our television priorities. It is obviously a bit more western, but equally enjoyable.
i love before and after design shows, and this show is one of the better ones, i wish there were more seasons aired of the show on amazon
This storyline kept me interested from the very beginning, I love the relationship between the two detectives and their strengths and weaknesses complement each other.  The background of rainy Seattle, depressing at first, perfectly offsets the grim storyline.  The mystery, as with the first, kept me involved til the very end.  Can't wait for a 4th season and didn't even mind paying for Season 2.  Great acting as well!
It's like a murder mystery wrapped in an espionage mystery with Amanda Clarke pursuing her revenge plot and headed straight for an international conspiracy.
Just love this show and the thought and concept behind it.  You hav e to really wonder since we all truly know we are not the only living creatures in the massive universe.
This series shows imagination in the types of cases it comes up with.  I've seen lower ratings posted for the later episodes of the series, but I think the whole series was consistently good from beginning to end, personally. I think you should wait a little longer to ask for a rating of an entire season after its purchase, because no one is going to watch the entire season in 3 days.
***No Spoilers Here***The last half of Season 5 Breaking Bad is almost Shakespearean in its sense of inevitable disaster as all that has gone before comes to a series of almost inevitable conclusions. Don't think you can guess the resolution of these long threads of life choices that lead to...the final conclusion.
Very funny adult humor, kids shouldn't see but it's great for adults. They seem to keep up with current event very well.
I love this show but what in the world was going on in episode 4 with the floppy. Doesn't this corporation have thumb drives or memory cards?
modern take on a western sheriff&#8230;really quite well done given that it is just an hour long procedural.
The show is still pretty cool. Like learning about all the stuff that comes into the shop. Clean for the family.
I was impressed by the quality of this film. It was gorgeous, sensitive, understated, quiet, moving and real. The words were few and meaningful, the acting real.It's not for the kiddies and it's not for Transformer fans. Please watch something on the Sci Fi Channel instead. Monsters is a film for those who love honest stories and gorgeous cinema.YES! art films can have a plot and a story! Monsters once again proves that the best, most original and most moving films originate outside of the bloated, fly-blown carcass that is Hollywood.
The Christmas specials do not disappoint. They are fast, funny and highly entertaining for all fans. I recommend them to all.
Didn't think I would enjoy it but gave it a shot.  The image for the show on Amazon and even the beginning of the pilot make it appear it will be primarily about the maestro.  He seems a bit shallow and uninteresting, but could be a decent side character, which is what it ends up appearing to be.  I really found myself caring about the main character and it was well acted and interesting.  I would definitely keep watching even though it isn't a genre I would normally be drawn to.
Great show!  Funny, witty, John Goodman, Bill Murray!  Garry Trudeau is writing!  I am really, really hoping I can see more episodes of this show!
Holder and Landon are one of the best detective duos ever on television.  The writing for this show is brilliant; the plot - never predictable.
Hell yeah. About time. This very near recreation of the Viking world really takes you there. I find myself not wanting to leave.
IT is a new concept in law enforcement,a  casual ,laidback ,great looking guy,smart ,and refuses to wear a uniform, instead wears jeans ,t-shirts and tennis shoes..but in a very small  police department on the Florida east coast,he solves crimes with all the talents he learned back in Chicago as a high profile police detective...I love his co talented actors on the show..this is a awesome twist on the cops and robbers,style show..
Love it he is freaking hilarious!! Love publizity it's one of my fav sketches!! O & dr armond is good too
I'm am really enjoying this program.  There is lots of science and lots of questions about possibilities.  This is a great purchase.
A very good series from start to finish. The characters were very compatible, warm and likeable. I will probably get the whole series on DVD. Judi Dench and Geoff Palmer are super.
I was skeptical at first, but I have to say I laughed throughout the film. Good chemistry between characters. Loved that Jean Ralphio was in it, he was perfect for the 'worst cop ever' role. I would definitely recommend this movie to all of my friends.
It's been years since Veronica was in Neptune but her departure from New York as a recent law school graduate and promising law firm prospect was masterfully done.  Veronica finds her way back to Neptune to help Logan and ends up not only finding herself in the midst of a case that could potentially clear Logan's name for the murder of his high profile girlfriend but a mystery of the murder from the past.  The movie lives up to the three seasons of the show that saw the series end to soon.  One of the many casualties that resulted from the network changing from UPN to the WB to The CW network (i,e. Star Trek: Enterprise).  Both Veronica Mars and Enterprise series didn't die out because of a lack of viewership but the confusion of the changes of the networks.  If you were a fan of the show then you will love the Veronica Mars movie and will make you want to go back and revisit the series' three seasons.  I
It's a perfect mix of dark humor, irony, romance and gore. Although it's personality changes from REC 1 and REC 2, it won't won't be a disappointment. All three of the REC movies are fantastic.
The acting was fabulous, the scenery was fantastic, the script was fairly accurate (as best as they could make it) and overall it was a marvelous series. If u are a history buff watch it. If u love action and entertainment watch it. Too bad they cancelled it. But they always do don't they.
the entire series from the first season through the final fifth season is a marvelous creation of imagination. I love the characters and a course the city with all it's amazing technology listening leo's be under comprehension in some cases shouldn't even be in a position. The monsters better created each week or dangers of the universe springs both in outer space in technology lovers races that they came in contact with. The rating the central 1. I enjoyed the up organic feel the race very similar to the movie series alien having that to organic look to the interiors of the ship and there insect always of preserving food and consuming the life force of human being
Documentary about paintings taken from Jewish artists,gallery owners and private residences by the Nazis .The incredible loss of human rights along with property is reflected in the Art world . After the war is over the art is recovered but not returned to the survivors .This the story of the  fight for a particular painting . Art is a passion and works of art and their provenance are as important as the painting and artist.watch this and learn!
Kept the main cast. Brenda is not here but her husband is. Has a little bit of roughness when it comes to personalities clashing and people have to change their basic characters temporarily but all in all it is enjoyable.
Great quality! My son is almost 2 and can't sit through a whole episode sometimes so it's great that I can skip through to his favorite characters parts. The quality is very clear, no pauses for buffering. Great entertainment for my son at home or out when were waiting somewhere. I highly recommend!
It looks like The Walking Dead has really hit its stride with a superbly executed series 3 opener that doesn't waste any time at all. Months have passed since the end of season 2 and our group is short of food, ammo and conversation. All the soap opera squabbles are over, with Rick firmly in charge and everyone - including Carl - going for head shots on anything that moves and murmurs.Season 3 has also upped the zombie body count substantially and there are some inventive new zombie kills too. The comfort (and growing viewer boredom) with the farm is far behind us as the team have retreated into a prison where a whole array of new problems await. The prison promises some excellent twists and surprises for upcoming episodes judging by the trailers.The Walking Dead established itself as one of TV's best shows in the first season, then lost its way a little in the second, but is absolutely back on track. It's grittier, darker and more dangerous than ever before. The only question is -- who's going to get infected next?
Hey these are my guys and gals.  I have learned so much from this show.  Have laughed so hard as the tears streamed down my face.  Sheldon and Emmy's ...award after award.  It says it all.
We really liked this one. We only recently learned about this series by this author and find it gritty and tense.  The characters were well cast and we were left wanting it to continue.  Hope they will make new episodes SOON.
James Spader is a very unique and talented actor.  He is able to mold his personality into the role he plays.  From Boston Legal to Blacklist, he is quite different.  I have watched two of the episodes so far and am looking forward to seeing more.
Sewell's performance as the ultra-cool (I mean in the sense of level-headed) and cool (in the sense of Armani and shades) is fabulous.  The scenery is gorgeous. Interesting and different story lines with police corruption always in the background if not the foreground. This is a great series.  Too bad there wasn't a second season.
How absolutely cool it is to see inside the daily lives and jobs of three very cool people !and the treasures they find are more often the people they meet than the stuff they collect.
I love River Monsters. This is my most favorite show on TV today. Jeremy Wade is very informative, brave, and crazy. I've learned more about fish on his show than I have over years of watching tons and tons of documentaries. Plus is exciting to watch his journeys and encounters with people.
It is nice that Amazon has collected all the I Love Lucy episodes so that future generations can enjoy the genius that was Lucille Ball was.  My only complaint is that the shows are out of order, which takes a little away from the viewing experience, and might be confusing for someone who had never seen the show.  For instance, you will have a show with Lucy being pregnant after a show where Little Ricky is already born, etc. . .  As far as the shows themselves, they are classic gems that stand the test of time.
I love Swamp People,  I love the folks who share their lives and having the ability to have a glimpse at their work and lifestyle.
I was remarkably sorry to only see 2 seasons of this show. I enjoyed watching so much. I made a marathon and viewed both seasons over about 2 days. Fantastic and full of engaging acting. Lots of talent.
That My Favorite Tv serie I Love To Watch The Zombie Movie. Let Me Know When The Walking Dead Back Video.
I think this is a very good show.  Love the main character.  I was so disappointed when A&E cancelled the series.  I am very pleased to be able to watch the series on Amazon Prime.
Of course this show is addictive. There's no way I could stop watching this. It gets better by the minutes. Great production and script.
Id really enjoyed this series. While it had a bit of a &#34;Firefly-esque&#34; tone, it wasn't really anything like it.
Great show. People are complaining about commercials they need to shut up. There is one add for like 10 seconds before the show. Its not that bad. Great season did not see some stuff coming.
Can not wait for this , it will definitely make a great show, hard to mess up with this . great actors all around.
I was dubious about a good successor to The Closer, particularly lead by Brenda's nemesis, Capt. Raydor. But Mary McDonnell and the rest of the cast have come through admirably. The writing is very strong and the stories are well fleshed out. I'm finally glad that Rusty has come to grips with reality. It's a story arc that went on a bit long but the resolution was just as it should have been. It will be interesting to see where the writers take us next.
I love this show! It started really slow, and took some time to get into. But now, I can't get enough of these characters. The writing is good, the acting is great! The plots are intriguing.
This is quite a different show from the &#34;norm&#34;. It definitely keeps us interested. We originally rented it from the Library, but decided to go ahead and buy this & the following 2 seasons.
You just can't get a better show for kids. These folks know what they are doing:) Glad its still on the air, I can relive good memories from my own childhood with my own daughter now.
It is like Weeds and Dexter gave birth to one bad @$$ little kid. It says something about today's standards of life when a meth head and a chemist can engage a powerful range of personal growth. There's probably a good joke in that line....But the cook gets burned and finds out he has lung cancer. What's a guy to do when he has a family that depends on him, even after he's gone? Not even the Writer's Strike can get in the way of this train. It's bad. Very bad. And that's good.Why is it that we gravitate towards those who, twenty years ago, who have been abhorrent and never even considered to be 'art' in the media sense of the word. And I guess it says something else about our world today when we've realized not every bad guy is indeed a bad guy. Progressive or the way of the High Road?Whatever. That's all philosophy. Skip the musings and watch a few episodes of this award-winning series. First sampler is one me....
I really really like this show & especially Callie Thorn ~ she is a very sexy lady & I hope the show continues for a long long time.
I am totally enthralled by this show, although it may be not quite reality and is perhaps a bit staged.  I have enjoyed learning more about the real estate business and seeing the beautiful homes in Malibu and other parts of Los Angeles.  I like the three brokers also, although initially I only liked one of them.  I find Josh Flagg to be particularly fascinating.  He is a genuine eccentric and at a rather young age.  I have to say I prefer this to all other real estate programs.
I've always thought that real-life support groups are suspect.  It just seems to me that they sometimes prove the old saying, "Misery loves company," since I believe that many of the attendees secretly hope that someone else is suffering more than they are.  Hey, it's just a theory.  But we have a support group here that perhaps turns this theory on its head, since quite a few of the characters in the film ironically wish that they had it worse than any of the others in the group.  Now that's an odd twisteroo, at least psychologically.I've heard about another but perhaps related disorder, Munchausen by Proxy, and I've seen some films that even feature that very odd syndrome.  "The Sixth Sense" immediately comes to mind.  And this film reminds me somewhat of another film that I've seen and really liked, "Quid Pro Quo."  In that underrated and under appreciated movie, I give nothing away when I say that Vera Farmiga has a strange condition where she wants to become wheelchair bound.  I guess that some people have that odd condition in real life where they want to be disabled.  Go figure.But some of the characters in this film suffer from maybe even a worse condition than those in the two other films combined.  That's all that I'll say.  But just as this very unique film works its way into the second act, I considered that this might have been how the screenwriter came up with the name "Proxy."  But that's only a guess.It's difficult to discuss plot in this film without giving anything away, and so therefore I'll just avoid it.  But I did really like the camerawork here; the word that comes to mind is "quiet."  Too many films nowadays use too many handheld herky-jerky cameras, and it can become annoying in a hurry, especially in a film that shouldn't use it.  Not here.  The camera doesn't move much, but when it does the motion is minimal and smooth, just like the excellent and understated acting from Alexia Rasmussen.  But the rest of the cast is really strong as well.  (I just reviewed "The a Wrestler," and that's a film where handheld cameras really worked, since the viewer should feel as if he's right there in the action.  Here, I believe the director wanted to keep the players at more than arm's length.)This film is listed in the horror genre, but in my opinion, it starts out as more of a thriller that morphs into almost dark comedy by the end.  The funniest line in the film, at least to me:  "You are f----- up.  No wonder Esther liked you."  I laughed out loud after hearing that one.And you know what?  This film might be kinda f----- up too.  But even if it is, it is in all the right ways.
Robert Taylor reminds me of Steve McQueen, who was a much better actor than he got credit for. Taylor (as Longmire) has had to hold so much back this season and still function. Remarkable character. Good stories. Lou Diamond Phillips has still got &#34;it&#34;, and this is a great part for him. Next season maybe the women can get slightly bigger stories?
It is so convenient to be able to watch this on my phone. I love this show and am so glad that amazon offers it especially free with my prime membership.
I got hooked on this while perusing the Amazon Prime freebies. Watched the first 2 seasons and now started watching the 3rd. Due to realizing I do not watch much TV, I canceled my cable TV but it does not matter. This is the ONE show I look forward to seeing. The only one. I now PAY to see episodes the day after they air. It is worth it to me without having the burden of cable or some other service or some device like a TIVO to bother with. Very good writing, plotting and yes acting. Even the bad guys are likable. Good science fiction. Upgrades in their special effects I have seen for season 3. It is a very positive show in my view. Some very honorable characters. Great to see Doug Jones of Hellboy fame as an alien (again!). Best show on television for a sci fi enthusiast.
I absolutely cannot wait til the new one comes on because I am infatuated with all of the Arrow Seasons and they leave off on parts that keeps you wanting more!
i am the dad that loves this show as much as my kids (4 and 2). I wish all seasons were included with amazon prime.
this is a show I look forward to weekly.  I have been watching it since it started and think it is a great show.
A well written and narrated overview of the ground war.  This is directed towards an audience in search of an easy to watch, somewhat educational video.  It won't get you through West Point, or even to West Point but it will help you get a grasp of the basics.
i have nothing to add to the favorable reviews of the film. It was all that a suspense film should be. Some changes were made from the book, but, as the old saying goes, we are making a film, not rewriting a book that has already been written. The cast did a fine job and, whatever your sexual preferences, there are two stars who are admirable examples of good looking people--and they could act as well.I am writing, when all this has been said time and again in many of these reviews, simply to report on the condition of my disc,since a number of recent reviews mention defects. I can't generalize beyond myself. While having material on both sides of the disc is an invitation for  oily fingerprints, with their consequences, the disc I played provided a beautiful picture and good sound (although I always use the subtitles when available----through necessity). There were no freezes or other failures with which we are all familiar.Reading a dozen, or so, more of the recent reviews, gives rise to the hypothesis that some number of people played only the first side and did not turn it over for the remainder of the film. It is a natural error if one has not encountered these label-less abominations previously, I had to get out my strongest magnifying glass in order to read the print around the inner hole in the disc which gives this information.
My wife and I both like this series very much.  Unfortunately, there seems to be little chance of it returning for another season.  I would like to be wrong, but I have seen no indication that it will be returning.Bob Morton
please add more.  this is such a wonderful edgy series.  I love the British dramas and tv series and have many friends are in agreement.  We hunger for more.  Thanks for this one.
I am enjoying this show tremendously.  The characters are interesting, the dialog is witty, and the two leads are a joy to watch interacting.
my young great grandson loves this app.  he watches for hours and thoroughly enjoys it.  glad to see him so engrossed.
This was a surprisingly great series.  Our hero, Raylen is great.  He just is not the hero type.  He just doesn't do things according to the book.  Please watch and enjoy.
This is the best show ever!!!! It needs to be longer, I could watch it everyday. Very entertaining. The first time I saw it so I watched every episode within two days.
There's somewhat of a return to the Leave It To Beaver days here, without being outdated and corny.The strength of this show lies in the love this family shows for one another (You know, despite the parents being divorced and all...)The kids listen to their parents, and learn valuable life lessons when they don't.The father shows how you can overcome any adversity and thrive if you are determined enough.The mother....well Jenna Elfman's charcter needs a little more substance. But that's kind of her character, a woman who doesn't really know who she is. She's starting again after her marriage ends.I'm not sure the parents really need to be divorced to make the show work though. It adds an element that doesn't really need to be there, other than to give the blind father a reason to be on his own more. That is an important element to the show.
Love this show, we don't have cable so having this on Amazon is great, just wish you had more that were prime.
I'll be completely honest, this season is absolutely awesome, I don't care what anyone else says. Every season of this show has been exciting and it has been almost impossible to stop watching.Season 4 is charged with heavy emotions. The events since season 1 are finally taking their toll, especially with Scofield who is a good person at heart but blames himself for so many of the things that have gone wrong. Burrows gets to be even more of a bad-@$$ and is obviously done playing games. Things never get dull or boring in this season.The unfortunate thing about this season is that it's the last one. Fortunately, they releasedPrison Break: The Final Breakto bring things to a close. This is definitely one of my all time favorite shows.
My little daughter could watch this for hours! She love it! It has a great message! She shares it with her friends!
Continue to enjoy. Love the witty banter, movie quotes, etc.  Continued character development has helped as well.
I love this show so much that I'm sad season 3 is over. It's amazing how every episode is funny, heartfelt and sad!! Every emotion every show.Hope season 4 can live up to the exceptionally high standards I've placed on it
I love this series - season 2 as with all the seasons is so heartfelt and a feel-good story all the way around. So real.
Our girls love this show, and all the toys. Our girls watch the typical cartoons, like Disney toons, Dora, etc. - but YGG gets them up and DANCING. This show is great!
So disappointed when the show ended and realized that I might have to wait a long time for the next episode!  I haven't read the books so can't make comparisons. But I thought this was very well acted and directed. Not just another cop show. Intriguing right from the start. Excellent production values. Amazon, please pick this show up!
This show is very intriguing and kept my interest, which is saying a lot for me. It takes a good story line and great acting to keep my interest and this show has both of those. I recommend this show.
I enjoy new plots. I am a little tired of Darleks, Cyborgs, and Weeping Angels. Zero has escaped was good.
It is pure fun. Nonsense at its best. Not in the league of Archer or the Venture Brothers but holds its own against other more animated stuff from the East.Will watch more should Amazon offer it on Prime.
Walter's journey has come to an end.  His influence on the world around him and his family in particular will be around forever.  And the series will rightly join the pantheon of great television.I won't spoil anything in case anyone has lived in a cave and actively avoided how the series ended.  But I think everyone knows that some people had problems with the ending.  I think that it's a perfectly fitting ending given what we know about Walter's hubris and limitless ego.  That's all I'll say about that.Each episode keeps you coming back for more, and even when there's not a lot of action thje story continues to develop characters that we thought we already knew.Goodbye, Breaking Bad.  Looking forward to seeing some of the characters again on Saul's spinoff if it happens!
I have to say, &#8216;Cutie and the Boxer&#8217; may be the most rewarding film I&#8217;ve seen this year, for the simple fact that I had no idea what it was about before seeing it and it moved me in such unexpected ways before it was completed.  The finale felt so beautifully appropriate, and the mixture of emotions that is felt from both of the film&#8217;s protagonists (can that word still be used within the framework of a documentary?) is truly authentic and poignant.What makes &#8216;Cutie and the Boxer&#8217; so effective is the fact that it is not really what it says it is, and in fact pulls off something even more enriching, emotionally so, and becomes a piece of true reflection, not on the primary subject at all but on a deeper and more universal subject.I&#8217;ll try and explain.&#8216;Cutie and the Boxer&#8217; is a documentary about the work and marriage of two Japanese artists who traveled from their homeland to New York City in the late 60&#8217;s.  Noriko, from a wealthier family, meets struggling artist Ushio and is drawn to his fearless love of the arts.  He thrusts himself into his passions and this is alluring, despite the danger that comes from this careless lack of responsibility.  It may be infectious, but it is also damaging.  Noriko soon finds herself sacrificing her own ideals and her own passions as an artist when she becomes pregnant and Ushio&#8217;s drinking takes over his life.  Despite having raw talent, their ambitious, especially those of Ushio, are bigger than his audience and he soon finds that while the general public admires his work, no one wants to buy it.Fast forward nearly four decades and you have the portrait of a devoted couple who are obviously fraying at the edges.  Noriko has stood by her man despite wanted to claw his throat on many occasions, and despite being practically destitute financially, they still hold fast to their art.  Their son has suffered immensely for his parent&#8217;s mistakes, especially his father&#8217;s, and has turned to alcoholism himself.  With a showcase looming over the horizon, which offers both Noriko and Ushio a chance for recognition, &#8216;Cutie and the Boxer&#8217; chronicles their preparation for this gallery opening.But the focus is NOT on their art.The beauty of this film is the way that it paints such an honest portrait of marriage.  Through Noriko&#8217;s animation we are able to see the evolution of their marriage and the struggle that she has gone through, not only as an artist but as a woman.  She strives to pick up the pieces of her husband as well as rediscover her own identity while always being relegated to his shadow, which is why the film&#8217;s finale is so rewarding.  This is Noriko&#8217;s story, and as such it is one of female empowerment and the triumphant spirit that entangles and propels many to success.  Watching the reactions from both Noriko and Ushio is very touching, because there is nothing held back despite the subtlety in their appearance.  This film beautifully captures the remorse, regret, anticipation, depression and validation that comes to those pursuing a life of art, a life of passion.  Despite the obvious marital and artistic setbacks, Noriko sums it up best when she expresses that her life of passion has made her better off.
Best season of the three I have seen to date.  The music was very good and the relationships developed more substance.
Always entertaining, which I view as quite an accomplishment considering I'm not really a fan of cooking shows! See my review of last season because my opinion remains the same!
The League is by far one of the funniest shows on tv. If you dont watch football then dont bother really, but if you are a football fan and a fantasy footballer, you will relate to everything this show has to offer. AMAZING!!
Love the show. Great competition. The Judges are fascinating to listen to and figure out what they are thinking. Good entertainment
Saw it on cable, got rid of cable and started streaming.  Exactly the same and it is one of my kids' favorites.
Going back to Ron Hood and Ray Mears, I'm a huge fan of 'survival' type programs. And the torch they started back in the day are carried on with skill and honor with productions like 'Survivorman' and 'Man Woman Wild'. Showcasing basic skills that the average person can learn and, if necessary, apply.Having spent time in the (fairly benign) woods of my youth, and later as a young soldier, I can testify to the many practical applications displayed by Dave Canterbury and Cody Lundin. Simple things like not panicking and mentally working out the situation are often not adhered to by even the most conscientious of instructors who often immediately jump into 'the lesson'.What I love about the guys, and humble studs like Les Stroud and Mykel Hawke, is that they attempt to display the basic framework of survival to an average person. They're not out to prove how badass they are, nor are they implying that you need to be a veteran of the special forces or have extreme outdoor training in order to succeed. Dave and Cody take the approach that any Joe or Jane Average might be able to learn; just enough pointers that a regular person might be able to utilize in an unexpected situation. It's not a stunt show like some other so-called survival programs which seem to promulgate the very worst kind of decision-making, and adopting what almost every field expert describes as an insane life-threatening pace.What makes Dual Survival such an incredible resource, and an admittedly very entertaining resource, is that you couldn't find two more divergent individuals to pair together. They're the 'Oscar and Felix' of the survival field manuals.Dave is the epitome of old school. A former Army MP who eventually earned a spot on the SRT, the Army version of SWAT; a rugged individualist who spent years as a primitive skills hunter and wilderness teacher. Cody is his diametric opposite. A neo-hippie with a no-nonsense approach to survival; which includes living without being tied to the power grid, accessing engineered sewage, or obtaining potable water from a mainline source. He actually lives the life he teaches through his Aboriginal school in the deserts of Arizona. Oh, and he doesn't wear shoes - ever.Their often conflicting approach to the same scenario is what makes this program so invaluable. Oftentimes, you learn that there are multiple approaches to the same hurdle; that your personality can affect the direction you can or would take in an emergency. This gives the average viewer an understanding, a mental calculation one has to make in order to determine the best approach *for you*. Not what one instructor says, not what one school teaches - but what works best for your situation. And I really appreciate that difference. Each school, Dave's gung-ho and Cody's listen-to-Ma-Nature, has something to teach and offer.And surprisingly, each actually learns from the other's approach, expanding and strengthening their own view of the 'right way'. Throughout the course of the two seasons (hopefully more) there are moments when the other unexpectedly realizes, that hey, maybe that guy has a skill or insight I can learn from. It's those moments I love best. Because Dave and Cody are so successful in their own schools, it tends to build a mental brick bunker of "I'm right", essentially, hubris. But when proven wrong by the other, you can see they're learning themselves, as well as teaching us.I hope that if given another season, Dave and Cody are provided a chance to explore and experience regions like Papua New Guinea, the forests of Siberia, and undertake scenarios that are based on real-life tragedies in order that they can show what they would have done in the positions of those who were caught in those very scenarios. My hope is that the producers will look to programs like "I Shouldn't Be Alive" - and then recreate those incidents for the guys to tackle.An excellent addition to any basic survival kit and one of the most entertaining teaching programs I've ever seen.
My 2 and 3 year old grandsons love Blue's Clues.  I bought Season 1 and downloaded it to my Kindle Fire.  They like to sit in Nana's lap and watch Blue and Steve....and it gives Nana a good excuse to hold and rock the boys.
Has an excellent story line with awesome characters. Has that wild west appeal for me. Relaxing to watch but at the same time  puts you on the edge of your seat by the end.
With Danson coming on board, the show has been very strong in comparison to the immediately previous seasons without him.  Much more believable, getting back to the science more.
I discovered this DVD with having no knowledge of what it was about and that is IMHO the best way to experience it. I see there are already 89 reviews posted here ( many are based on the reviewer covering the TV show, not the DVD; check review date as Amazon groups ALL reviews of a show, whether streaming, DVD or broadcast TV), but I haven't read them yet. And if you don't like "spoiler alerts" you might want to skip the lengthier ones on first pass. You won't get any "spoilers" from  me here.The show's first season on ABC had 10 episodes. It's a murder mystery series (though it involves the FBI and not a local police bureau). The main character is a college professor in Chicago area who has had mental issues. But he has also written major books on psycho-pharmacology. He helps the FBI solve murders, one in each episode. But there is a back story line here too and I won't share that yet.Since the DVD has no commercials each episode runs less than 45 minutes (any you wonder how many commercials are inserted in the average TV show?) and so you can watch the whole season easily over 2-3 nights - as I did. I found that the best way as it flowed better. I'm not spoiling anything her by telling you a few things: The back story line has a nice "arc" and certain "loose ends" are tied up at the end. This is not one of those TV shows that leave you with a cliffhanger at the end of the season. The show has been renewed (I never saw it on TV and don't plan to watch Season Two until its DVD release) but this Season stands on its own. (Note that Episodes 9 and 10 are connected (a two-parter).Like an onion, each episode peels off another layer of the central character and things that had you wondering why things happened are revealed at appropriate times.Okay, so I didn't tell you much - but that is the idea. Try it and see if you aren't hooked. This most unique show captured me a- and I think will capture you!The DVD has no special features at all. Just the great 10 episodes.I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
I have watched every episode released thus far and the series itself and the plots and acting are top quality.  You won't be disappointed.
Just the cutest videos.  My daughter and I both enjoy watching Olivia together.  We are BIG fans of hers.  There's always a life lesson simple enough for the little ones.  They are well done!
I'm so glad Amazon included this with Prime. I use to watch it years ago on APT and now enjoy it even more since I'm a bit older!
This show does not truly show the true side of all MC clubs however it is an mind grabbing show. I wait for the new season every year!
Each season gets better and better. I think it helps to see the episodes as a marathon to get the feel for all the characters. Timothy Olyphant is so georgous with those teddy bear brown eyes.
Stephen Colbert is always witty, insightful and wonderfully ironic. His right-wing character (of the same name) is so perfectly developed and honed that he makes his points effortlessly, humorously, brilliantly. Love the show. Just wish Amazon Prime offered the episodes immediately instead of making members wait as long as 5 days past their delivery date. So much of the lambasts are a bit stale by then.
I wish I could just copy what I said about the previous seasons,  I think that my comments would be about the same but be assured that I have liked all of the episodes.
Love this show! Not intended for kids, but if you want to. Laugh your ass off then watch this show,
Has some educational aspects which are a must for me for my kids, there are cute songs and my kids really enjoy it!
Thank you luck,charma,a diety that this gem was found! I always found him amazing creating what my mind had so wished and longed for! I loved computers I was an 80s computer fanatic! War Games the movie was our way of life with our magical gift! This interview grabbed me and held onto me throughout! I hated the end nearing. His passing Devastated me, I cant even think about it now! As I state I am so grateful for this in depth truthful interview that explained his genius and a part of the reason we were blessed to have him on the earth with us and for our generations oh so far ahead. Listening to him predict just a few years from the interview he was ahead even then! I hope his A TEAM keep hiring As to continue the best they can with his vision and legacy! The Jobs children You are blessed to have a piece of him genetically or just in complete unconditional love. I would say rest in peace  but that wouldn't be the Steve we know and loved! He's just as busy some how! I am not a religious person so this is from my heart and my Quantum/theoretical physical mind!
Even though all they do on this show is chase mythical creatures around the world I still can't get enough of it. Josh Gates and Erin Ryder are hilarious together and when situations get intense I just can't pull myself away from the TV.
I wished the show was never cancelled .. So they could have finished the show but overall it was good. Story was very interesting made you think a lot .. At times it was a bit slow but it felt as they was holding back on the story to add into season 2 but the ending was really bad since it left me wanting more .. But overall the show was good
Awesome show.  you cant wait till the next one is out.  drama, funny, its alittle bit of everything and the cast is great and they act real, not like they are reading scripts
This show is about the characters in the story as much or more than it's about the plot.  This in spite of the fact that it is, in some places, a bit more sympathetic to the main Soviet characters.  You can't help routing for them as they continue their killing spree of those who get in the way of their schemes.  On the other hand, you want them to get caught, because they are the bad guy misled and brainswashed on an evil agenda.  So you wind up rooting for both sides.  Meanwhile, the direction and cinematography are outstanding.  It's just a really well done show with excellent story writing.
In my opinion this is one of their better seasons. It is nice to have contestants from other places besides New England. It has made it more enjoyable.
This show is so different from other lawyer series. I love how they throw around all the one liners and just keep giving each other hard times. They all work for the same firm but they are so cutthroat with each other. You just never know who is going after who. The story lines going for a whole season, so you have to start from the beginning to see how it works out. Give it a try. You will get hooked!!!
Tight, grim and gritty depiction of a London policeman. Idris Elba is astoundingly good in this as is the rest of the cast. If you are a fan of The Wire this is the next best thing to see Idris in. Can't wait to see series 2
The interaction between Bones and Booth got even better this season.  The change in other characters helped develop the series.
World War II buffs will absolutely love this film! Rare unseen footage of the man and interviews with people that knew him best; his personal driver, his son, and his soldiers. Learn about the real man. Covers his murder by Hitler.
Great series, the music is so professional, I am sure they could all become great stars in the country music field. And perhaps that is where they came from. It tends to keep you on the edge of your chair waiting for the next development of these promiscuous characters. Too many shifts of partners for my ease, but love it anyway.
This is an excellent show! Anyone that is a fan of Jim Henson will love this show! I would recommend anyone that likes special effect in movies and TV shows to watch it!
now this is a free show to watch and i am sooo happy about cause this is my all time favorite show and i am able to watch this show all the time because it is free were the others show you have to pay for you can not.
As I posted in my previous review of Season 1, we loved this series.  The fact that the story line goes through two series and keeps your undivided attention is amazing.  Mireille Enos and Joel Kinnaman are great!  We highly recommend this series.
I am not a Jane Austen purist and, as such, can enjoy take offs and films of her work that are not entirely accurate.  This is my favorite.  It blends contemporary London life, morals and technology with those of the early 1800's.  It is a "through the secret door", trading places feature that further highlights what Jane Austen was trying to say about culture, high and low.  The switch between the two women (remaining nameless, no spoilers here) leads to a revised Pride and Prejudice holding delightful revelations about what customs mean and why they are important.  This is not a serious film, however, more like a romantic comedy, and much of it is very funny.  So suspend your practical takes on anything Austen and go get lost.  You will have a ball!
What a great series!  It picks up where it left off years ago.  The Ewings of the 2013.. spectacular!  I highly recommend this series to all the original Dallas fans
This is the season Six years in the making. After all the Will they or won't they's it is evident that yes they in fact will. #CaskettLives
this show is phenomenal. It has everything: wit, humor, genuineness, relatability, Rashida Jones, Amy Poehler, Nick Offerman, Aubrey Plaza... I mean the cast is incredible, and so is the writing. You can't go wrong with this show.
Go ahead, try to watch this season without becoming attached to the characters. You'll get Litt Up, and understand why everyone was tweeting #saveDonna
Let me start off by saying that this is a great movie, very exciting, action packed, with decent character development and good character interplay and propelling intrigue but a whopping entry in how it changes the Marvel cinematic universe and the future changes it portends.  It practically made me giddy for future Marvel movies.  And, let's just admit it now, Cap is the man!But before I go on I wanted to admit that I had a hard time coming up with a title for this review as there are so many good choices like:&#34;An ensemble cast propels this exciting Marvel franchise entry.&#34;&#34;Absolutely Captastic!&#34;&#34;Stand up and salute 'Captain America: The Winter Soldier'&#34;&#34;Exciting action, smartly placed humor, and far reaching in scope the new Cap A is a must C!&#34;&#34;You can't keep a good character dead.&#34;&#34;A solid cast brings this gritty and bendy bit of intrigue into range for fans and casual viewers alike.&#34;&#34;Steve Rogers: true blue.&#34;&#34;Stand at attention for 'The Winter Soldier'&#34;&#34;Bring back the Russo brothers to direct Cap 3 and they've got my ticket sale already!&#34;&#34;The Winter Soldier will freeze you to your seat for a solid 2.5 hours.&#34;&#34;Helicarrier, Helicarrier: is that a gun on your mounting or are you just (un)happy to see me?&#34;I could go on but I'll stop and finish my review with a few remarks (warning: minor spoilers ahead):Everything you need to know about this movie is perhaps best summed up in a scene hinted at in the trailer where Steve Rogers is in a large elevator with about fifteen other men and presciently asks them, &#34;Before we get started, does anyone wish to leave?&#34; before giving them all a righteous beat down as they swarm over and attack him.  The build up to this scene is nicely handled putting the audience in Cap's boots wondering who he can trust, shows his canniness and awareness as he anticipates what's about to happen, but makes us smile and squirm a little as the film doesn't just launch us into an action moment but develops it so the payoff is extremely satisfying and leaves us smiling and waiting for more, more, more.  And this film delivers as I can think of many moments like that.There are a ton of nods to important Cap storylines from the comics but the casual moviegoer, who won't catch these, won't lose much as most of what is introduced looks like it will be fleshed out in the future (good news Bucky Barnes/ Sebastion Stan fans!).  Amidst the espionage and intrigue we get healthy doses of Steve Rogers and the Black Widow whose means and methods are sharply contrasted even as they draw solid line distinctions between their beliefs and challenge each other to think about how and why they act as they do.  Are you worried or interested for these two to develop a romance in the flick?  I'll give you a hint at what happens between them romantically: they kiss!  Nick Fury is given his best action piece yet and it is truly exciting.  Sam Wilson (played by Anthony Mackie who is given some great quips) is introduced as the Falcon in both a believable and satisfying way, as is Sharon Carter/ Agent 13.  And Marvel continues to get good acting talent to fill roles.What's sure to excite, aside from The Winter Soldier character being a solid Cap antagonist--ruthless and deadly--are those post credit scenes with one in particular setting up for the Avengers 2 and a couple of new character introductions.  And lest I forget this movie has a few things to say about politics and how man tries to enact and keep control.  It banks off of that question of would you kill Hitler before he was born if you knew what he was going to do...and would you be justified in doing so?In many ways &#34;Captain America: The Winter Soldier&#34; is the purest Marvel movie that's been put out yet and it's certainly one of, if not, the best standing up there with &#34;Iron Man&#34; and &#34;The Avengers&#34;.  The scale and scope is just as grand but the film feels intimate in tone.P.S.  I WANT MY OWN CAPTAIN AMERICA MUSEUM!!!  How freaking cool would that be?!
I was a bit worried the BBC weren't going to make this available, as it turns out they are just running 2 weeks behind the UK airing of the show.It was worth the wait because Clarkson, Hammond and May have gotten the new series off to a fantastic start and their preview of what is coming over the series looks like it is only going to get better. The usual balance of their petrol head coverage along with their usual antics filled events shows that they still have plenty to offer the viewer.
Lots of great history in this TV show.  Story line is very good, characters are very good, actors very good, nonstop action.  I cannot wait to see more.
A really great series but have yet to see a semi-trailer go through the ice which I am anxiously waiting to see film of.  Lots of wrecks, both in Alaska and Canada and a death per mile, sad to say.  Lots of interesting characters - Season five had 2 women driving - the producers usually only cover about six drivers constantly so it was a big break through for these ladies.  Who should have been home cooking and cleaning house and having babies and holding down a part time job all at the same time.  God did not make women so they could go trucking.  Don't know what will happen when the ice melts early, or not thick enough, due to global warming making trucking on rivers untenable.
I was a bit skeptical at first with this show, but now I find myself waiting with baited breath for the next. I just truly hope this series get's picked up again for another season. This last episode has left me with SOOO many questions. I do love it though. Very suspenseful.
Amazing show, a must watch for all adults.  Gives a great image of the human condition and don't forget...theres zombies too!
One of the good TV series out there for entertainment. I liked this better than the Seconds from Disasters TV series. Air Disasters narration are more casual while the Seconds from Disasters are more militaristic narration. Or maybe not militaristic but kind of a robotic narration.The HD version is crystal clear video.The following is not my rant for the Air Disasters season 3. I wish all the episodes on this TV series, Air Disasters, Air Crash Investigations/Mayday, be available here at Amazon for streaming.
I love this show. It is interesting to see what they can do with the ingredients. It is a great show.
I love Matthew Rhys.  He is a great actor and phenomenal in this show.  Think Bourne Identity plus Mad Men.  New and innovative, this show is set in the seventies and tells the story of the Cold War and the Russian spies who lived undercover in the US for years.  Graham Yost is producing which should be enough to get you to watch the first season.  You will soon be hooked.
I have to say I really enjoy this show. I honestly did not expect to, but once I got over the shocker in the first show, I found my self going back for another episode. It is a light comedy with great sarcastic one-liners. Both main characters play well off each other. The teens add little poignant side stories.
Her character is a dr version of her Kelly Kapor role on the Office.  The other actors are hilarious and their interactions are amazing. LOVE LOVE!  If u missed the first sea in? Just buy it or don't but definitely start watching!
In Grace's eyes there are far less gray areas in the delivery of justice than her flawed counterparts. There amongst them the contrast is indubitable and apparent. One gets the feeling that Grace will inevitably explode at the apex of this drama displaying her lethal and swift talent for what as been so demurely subdued, and at that climax Grace will become a far more interesting character impressing on her counters to tread lightly and not j-walk in her path or wake.
Very good show.  Like that it is historically accurate.  Very well acted and the location is perfect! Can't wait for season 2!
I was very happy to discover that my Prime membership allowed me to view The French Chef with Julia Child episodes in their original broadcast format. Julia Child is an amazing cook and each episode is presented in her inimitable style, with her eccentricities and friendly, down-to-earth manner.I was watching the earlier episodes (in black and white), and marveled at the image and sound quality (not grainy or muffled as I would have expected, given the age of the show). Each cooking segment runs about 28 minutes on average, and Julia provides a running commentary throughout, which is not only informative (I found myself taking down notes as she spoke), but also a wealth of interesting information, and an education in itself. For example, in the episode "Steaks and Hamburgers", Julia educates viewers on the different cuts of beef, complete with diagram and even talks about the cost of the various cuts at that time (a dollar plus for a prime cut, good times indeed!).Part of what is so beguiling about The French Chef is the use of language. Julia talks about "a prime carcass" referring to the beef cuts, and as she instructs viewers on making chocolate mousse, she refers to "all the pieces of chocolate and butter intimately blended"! I could not help but chuckle as I listened to her commentary - this lady has style, wit, and much knowledge! I look forward to learning as much as I can about the fine art of French cooking from these shows!
For quite some time, I've considered Zak Penn to be an extraordinary hack. He's co-written or co-plotted some of the most embarrassing failures of the Superhero genre to date, such as ELEKTRA, and X-MEN: THE LAST STAND. He also wrote original drafts of both the first and second HULK films and what is widely considered the greatest superhero film of all time, THE AVENGERS. However the success of the second HULK film was largely due to star Edward Norton almost completely rewriting the script (under the name Edward Harrison, but was denied any credit by the Writer's Guild), and the gargantuan success of THE AVENGERS, script-wise, is credited wholly to the brilliant Joss Whedon (and rightfully so, since Penn was actually relegated to a co-plotter). So from this resume', one might assume that while Penn may be a fan of the Superhero genre, he's certainly no expert at it.With his series ALPHAS, co-created with Michael Karnow, Penn has proved that not only can he craft a really clever "superhero" story, but a very tightly-constructed television show that's both action-packed and whip-smart.From the outset of the show, we're treated to a number of superhero archetypes: First is Bill Harken (Malik Yoba, the mini-series THIEF, NIKITA) as a gruff former federal agent who has the ability to throw his mental "fight-or-flight" response into overdrive and gain temporary super-strength. Next up is Nina Theroux (Laura Mennell, SUPERNATURAL, FRINGE, SMALLVILLE) as a beautiful young woman who can slightly exert her will on other people mentally. Then we have Rachel Pirzad (Azita Ghanizada, bit parts on shows like CASTLE, BONES, PSYCH, etc.), a very pretty girl from a Middle Eastern family who can enhance her five senses. Then comes Gary Bell (the incredible Ryan Cartwright, BONES and MAD MEN), a young man who can actually see wireless communication and decode it. Next is Cameron Hicks (Warren Christie, APOLLO 18, STEVEN SEAGAL'S TRUE JUSTICE), a handsome and rugged former Marine who has not only uncanny aim with anything he can get his hands on, but also can slightly predict where to move to allow uninterrupted motion. Finally, there's their leader, Dr. Lee Rosen (the always-amazing David Strathairn, THE BOURNE ULTIMATUM, SNEAKERS, GOOD NIGHT AND GOOD LUCK), a psychiatrist who has assembled this merry band of abnormally-powered beings he refers to as "Alphas" to work for the government to take down threats perpetrated by other Alphas.But the archetypes are somehow broken or twisted so that they actually work to create more fleshed-out characters. Harken's abilities not only affect his mental state, but can put a dangerous amount of stress on his heart. Theroux used to be habitual about using her powers dangerously, using them solely for "borrowing" cars and homes and also inadvertantly caused her boyfriend's suicide. Rachel's sense abilities are intense and exact but she can only use one sense at a time at the cost of all of her other senses. Gary is a high-functioning autistic. Cameron has perhaps the most immediate problem since the pilot episode is the team actually chasing him after he had been mind-controlled into an assassination and could go to prison for the rest of his life if anyone but the team found out. Dr. Rosen is not an Alpha, and despite his intelligence and perceptive abilities, is also perhaps not the ideal leader for a group of covert super-powered government agents.The Big Bad, as it were, is a terrorist/freedom-fighter organization called Red Flag, which is essentially Magneto's Brotherhood of Mutants to Professor Xavier's X-Men. Their mission statement is similar as well; Red Flag believes that being an Alpha is the next evolutionary step. Dr. Rosen believes in protecting the existing Alphas but also protecting the world from those Alphas that are on the extremist side. It all sounds kind of familiar, I know. But what is unusual for a show of this type is how this show allows for the characters and the interaction to evolve, grow and learn about themselves and the ways that their abilities can be used differently as well as how they can be an impediment to really living their lives.The cast is quite good with the standouts really being Strathairn, Ghanizada, and Cartwright. Guest stars come from all over the genre television world, from Lindsay Wagner (who reprises her role as Dr. Calder from another SyFy show, WAREHOUSE 13, basically placing this show in the same universe of existence as that show and apparently also EUREKA) to Callum Keith Rennie (BATTLESTAR GALACTICA, the last X-FILES film) to Summer Glau (FIREFLY/SERENITY, DOLLHOUSE) to Brent Spiner STAR TREK: TNG) to Garret Dillahunt (THE SARAH CONNOR CHRONICLES) to Rebecca Mader (LOST). The only real weak link in the show to me, cast-wise, is not only the character of Cameron but the actor Warren Christie. Both the character and the actor are a little too stiff and there isn't much to work with in any real mythology to his character other than his apparent past as a wannabe professional baseball pitcher and his desire to provide for his son.The episodes are all compelling, even if sometimes the premise is a little cliched. As a for instance, the episode "A Short Time in Paradise" is not a particularly great episode up until the end, since it deals with a Jonestown-esque cult and a religious extremest Alpha who runs it. Also not very strong in most parts is "Anger Management", which features a rage-inducing Alpha. By far the best episodes are the ones that revolve primarily around Gary. Ryan Cartwright shows remarkable ability to play a type of role that requires a great deal of care as to not careen off into the gorge of offensive comic stereotype even when the moments he has are genuinely funny. He's not just a character of comic relief. Cartwright plays Gary with weight and depth, even if he's still cut off from a great deal of the world emotionally. It's a very interesting idea from a character perspective to put a character like Gary amongst a group of people who already see the world differently than everyone else, and that creates an even bigger dilemma for the people around him and who care about him since he already is forced to see the world differently from most others.The very best episode of the season is titled "Rosetta" in which Gary meets another, more seriously handicapped girl seemingly incapable of any kind of communication, but he connects with and is actually able to understand how she communicates. The episode is actually quite shocking when certain truths are revealed but you still are so in tune with Gary as a character that you understand the desires he has regardless of the episode's big reveal.This is probably the only show since HEROES that has actually taken the idea of superhumans seriously, but has a less spectacular kind of superhuman. Nobody flies, nobody's indestructible, nobody can travel through time or walk through walls. There's always a more realistic explanation to the abilities of each Alpha's powers that gives the series an even greater plausibility, but never detracts from the entertainment of the fantastical elements this show has to offer.If SyFy invested more time and patience in new shows rather than either trying to put together more "reality" television or its truly awful original film division, there might be more shows like ALPHAS on that station. The season, coming in at only eleven episodes rather than a more standard thirteen, is a little abbreviated but ends on an extremely climactic moment that could change everything going forward, and fortunately, this show was picked up for a second season, so hopefully, in 2012, we'll see more of Dr. Rosen and his Alphas soon, because this show is too good to just have one season.You may change my mind yet, Zak.
well written and suspenseful cant wait to see the rest of the season. It is much better with the different writers
Please get the rest of the series  thanks youDavid Suchet is the ONLY Poirot......  You will enjoy itThank You aMAZON
This show is spectacular .. I have watched all the seasons and all the shows and want more !  Piper comes on strong - and has never ending talent - she doesn't quit - and sets the screen on fire.  And Auggie !!  .. what can I saw beside awesome.  Together - they are an amazing team which make an incredible show !  Other characters in the show are charismatic also.
Great show, Not staged to bad. The crew have a hard road ahead. The jungle it will come alive on them look up, Down , All around. Fat todd is coming
I just loved this show - it was so different and original and the characters were so engaging, the actors portraying them so compelling. I especially loved John Noble's portrayal of the fragile, damaged and brilliant Dr. Walter Bishop. I was sad to see it end - but they did a great job with that ending. Bon voyage, Fringe, and thanks for all the wonderful, amazing, touching, tense and just enjoyable episodes in the 5 year run.
I have a few shows on Amazon that I purchase every week this is one of them.  I love to watch them over and over.
We were all told that they finished taping the series and we wpuld be about to see the episodes that explain & satisfy, and this is the same old stuff.  Was it just a hopeful rumor?
Just finished the first season and moved on to the 2nd.  It has nothing to do with the first, but some of the actors/actress's have returned from the first season.  This series is refreshing to watch, and i'd recommend it to anyone that enjoys thrillers/horror movies/tv shows.
All episodes wonderful..watched all the seasons,each one exciting and new,wish it was still on today..2013...BBC.makes great films,love them.as a American,who has travelled  extensively in England I,loved seeing England during W.W.2'
Actually I found the first episodes to be fours because it took a while to re-orient to new characters and the upping of violence which was part of the historical background, but amped up my viewing discomfort. By the last 5 episodes, the superb pacing just took me over with the same effect as a page turner novel. Dialogue and character twists are always fresh, not a cliche in the book as far as I can see, makes inroads into interactions that are believable and yet amazing. Wonderfully satisfying viewing. Would they (all series) could all be like this.
this is one of the best episodes of the season. unfortanly you wait until the last 7 min for action
Gotta have my Scandal. I was on vacation for a couple of weeks and missed the show, so bought episodes to catch up before the season finale. So glad I did! Everything changes, then changes again. Who's the good guy, who's the bad guy. It's a lot more complicated than that. Every time I think I can predict the next event, something intervenes to redirect the plot. Wow, this is addictive TV.
Very interesting season!  It was great they way they came back from the storm, how they helped neighbors who were adversely affected by the storm, and got back on their feet.  It is also to see the relationships between fathers and sons and the respect they have for each other.
I have been waiting by or a slasher with some gore effects and this meets the criteria! Not only are the effects good but they are pretty plentiful and unique.The mixing of genres was pretty awesome its like Camp meets Sleepaway Camp with better effects.the ensemble cast was perfect as was the storyline and pace of the action,comedy and suspense.I say if your a slasher fan and don't mind musicals or love both this knocks it out of the park!!
Each episode builds the crescendo of anticipation of how Mackey and his Strike Force is going to out-do the previous episode of ball busting and head knocking.
this is a grand series and you just know the dastardly brother is going to have his way.... you can't believe his wife is actually his wife, the characters all play out very nicely against each other and the duality of the life of the servants and the lives of the hotel owners is fantastic
The plots are always believable, interesting, and dramatic//superb cast who does a fine job// hard to believethis terrific work is on American TV. NBC has threatened not to air it next season//there are 12 new episodescoming. Thank God for Amazon.Com so I can see both entire seasons--the one past, and the upcoming season.VERY SOPHISTICATED//SHOWS NEW EQUIPMENT FOR CATCHING CRIMINALS.
Season 1 was outstanding, season 2 still has me wanting more. You have to watch this show if you enjoy investigative police shows.
...back in the 1960's we named our new high school mascot &#34;the Vikings&#34;. So naturally, I had to check out this series.  They were not very nice folks, were they.  The program is excellent with all characters so believeable that I felt I was really living history (even though it is dramatized). What more can you want from historical drama.  This series is, unlike many others, worth even the price of purchasing the set for home use again and again.
What if you lost all your supplies? What if you had to exist with out your stuff? What would life be like with out the comforts that you have prepped for? Could you survive? Follow these nine individuals as they start out and see how they do it and watch the mistakes they make. See how many make it to the end.
Everything about this show is amazing, and Keegan Michael Key and Jordan Peele are masters of sketch comedy. I have watched every episode at least 5 times, and still laugh every time. Normally sketch comedy is hit and miss, but so far Key & Peele has been all "hit" and no "miss". Please watch this show. Wednesdays, Comedy Central 10:30/9:30c.
Whitney, you have heart, talent and guts. This show, however, is not worthy of you. It's cringe-inducingly bad. You deserve better. Stop trusting the freaks in Hollyweird and start trusting yourself. You're at your best when you reach out to your audience with the truth.
Mary McCormick and Fred Weller are excellent together.  The story lines are captivating and easily holds your interest.  Great series!
If you have ever seen any of the older versions of this movie/show, this series enlightens you as to why Norman became the serial killer he is infamous for.
Exceptionally well presented documentation of the pathway to Auschwitz (Poland). This presents the Nazi ideology from the inception of the T-3 euthanasia program for disposing of those (ethnic Germans) who were mentally ill or suffered from other medical problems to the extermination of all peoples considered 'unworthy of life' and prisoners of war. . .  Poles, Russians and Jews. From a small pre-war barracks for Polish soldiers, it follows the path to the mass slaughter house it became during WWII. Included are multiple aspects of the killing process and how it evolved. Original architectural designs, diaries and personal interviews with both the SS and survivors accompanied by original footage (Ukrainian) and psychological profiles offers an overview of all that became Auschwitz.Video and narrative are well suited for those who prefer not to be exposed to all the sensationalism and gore often found in so many of these documentaries. Education and informative, an accurate presentation of Nazi ideology and euthanasia.The BBC series offers the opportunity for a comprehensive review of the consequences for both perpetrator and victim. For those that survived death, the path 'home' wasn't as simple as one might think. Russian POW's were suspected of being 'spies' and relegated to the Gulags of Stalin's era. Others trying to return home found themselves victims of the Russia army and perhaps worst of all, deprived of their homes and possessions without any legal recourse.  A tragic end to what is still considered one of humankind's worst nightmares.
This series' sequence bothered me, as it didn't start at the BEGINNING; so there was no time to develop the backstory and empathy with the characters.  I understand why the director or film editor chose to instead start the story as it was done, but really folks: the viewer doesn't know the story as well as you do, so when you start the story with a firefight but no preceding character development, the action can't be followed: so the viewer quickly loses interest.I lost interest.  Only because Will Patton was in it, did I come back and finish the series here in Amazon Prime.  That first episode was all rush rush rush with stock stereotypes, too much dialogue at too low a volume versus the too-high music (remember, this is streaming, not analog, so the sound compression makes voice harder to hear, and music too loud).  It was disconcerting, all the scene switches, looking very much like a cheap SyFy thingy.  I forced myself to go through the first episode, turned off.Yet to see Will Patton's wonderful nuanced acting, I came back, half-watching; then the series began to pick up pathos, in later episodes.  The best thing about this series is that it is ONE story with many subplots, instead of the usual wash rinse repeat of side plots which distract from the longterm storyline.  This is the key to a winning series, and all the great ones -- LOST, Invasion, The Fugitive -- always kept a central eye on advancing the longterm plot.Given that need, it would have been better if they dealt with the aliens first, something of why they were there, THAT they were there, and a good series of episodes preceding, showing the attack, instead of starting with fingerpaintings.Even so, once it picked up pathos, then we could individuate the characters and invest in them.  Patton got to show a lot of variation in his character, which is a welcome relief from the typecasting he's had to endure, lately.  Overall, the ensenble cast played well also, very good acting, considering the staccato nature of the scenes (which confuse the viewer).  It was too fast-paced.  I understand the philosophy behind that, but again if you want to invest the viewer you need to make the scenes RELEVANT first, not just shoot-em-up survival scenes, of which we already see, too many.Once Season 2 began, it slowed enough to catch onto the story, which is well-told.  Season 3 begins June 9, on TNT at 9 pm/8 Central Time!
The book was great and so is the series. I was really excited to hear that Stephen King was going to televise his book and have been waiting for it to air.
I found this show 4 or 5 episodes after it started and so downloaded the first episodes.  It had a great story line with all kinds of possibilties and then they cancelled it.  Even though the last episode did not answer all our questions, I still think it is worth watching that first and only season.  I hope another network picks it up.
I really like this program and can't say I've ever watched an episode that wasn't interesting.  I learn new stuff all the time watching it.  I can't remember exactly what Volume 6 was about, but I'm sure I enjoyed it.
The writing continued being well done.  Same with the acting.  The chemistry between actors was a little better in this season as well.
Actors are charming - the older lawyer reminds me of George Clooney a tad.  It's a fun premise for a show.  The dialogue is witty and smart.  Love the original plots.  Great photography.  Am really enjoying this show.  It's growing on me.  My brother watches it, too, and loves it.
AMC, having established itself a leader in smart and sophisticated counter-programming (Mad Men, Breaking Bad, The Walking Dead, Rubicon), serves up another winner with "The Killing"--an adaptation of a successful Danish television series.  I, personally, look at the show as the thematic cousin to "Twin Peaks" albeit with a completely different tone and vibe.  Both shows center around the murder of a girl, both even feature the tagline "Who Killed.....(Rosie Larsen and Laura Palmer, respectively)," and both chart three similar storylines.  We see the investigation progress, we see the painful aftermath on the girl's family and friends, and we see how the murder may be tied to local politicians and bigwigs.  That, of course, is where the similarities cease.  "The Killing" is a deadly serious and contemplative drama set in Seattle--not at all encumbered with the quirky eccentricities that defined that other Washington State township.  It is an intense and quiet show with a slow build--those eager for easy answers and constant action may need to look elsewhere.  The pace of "The Killing" is more akin to the unraveling of a fine novel.Through successive episodes, the path to identifying the murderer becomes increasingly muddy.  Steely and determined Mireille Enos play the intrepid lead investigator haunted by past mistakes.  She is unable to move on with her own life and, in fact, sacrifices potential happiness in her dogged pursuit of justice.  Her replacement (only he can't replace her when she won't leave!) is the offbeat Joel Kinnaman.  Both humorous and strangely intense, the two forge an uneasy relationship that provides a lot of conflict, drama, and unexpected laughs.  On another front, the always terrific Michelle Forbes and Brendan Sexton III play the deceased girl's parents.  Forbes is magnetic going through the stages of grief and Sexton is a powder keg of repressed emotion.  And lastly, there is the political component that weaves around the central mystery in surprising ways.  Billy Campbell plays a mayoral candidate whose closeness to the investigation causes some major issues on the campaign trail.Of course, this brief synopsis really does no justice to the intricacies of the actual story--but serves as a simple introduction.  Every episode is structured as one day in the investigation, but the show really does a fine job balancing the three concurrent plot components.  Well written and intelligent, the show is not your typical police procedural.  This one relies on in-depth characterizations and complex plotting.  Again, if you are looking for light hearted or breezy fare--this would not be it.  This requires and rewards patience and attention--and that's something I appreciate in the land of formulaic television.Check this out as a slow burn mystery.  I especially recommend it for the performances.  While everyone is quite good, I have to single out Forbes and Sexton.  Forbes puts it all onto the line in raw naked emotion--I can't think of a recent TV performance quite so harrowing.  And Sexton is more understated, complex, and internal--but no less effective or believable.  Great job to them.  An intriguing show for adults, if that sounds like a recommendation--it certainly is.  KGHarris, 5/11.
I can't say enough about 24, I LOVE each and every Season and Episode.  If you like action, you will be at the edge of your seat with this Season.  We are VERY hooked and stream from one to the next episode.
Love this series and wished more were available on Prime. Troy will always be my fave, but to watch a guy catch gators with his bare hands....awesome.
For so long I kept hearing how Futurama was being renewed over and over but as I was about to give up hope low and behold the promise day has come,  not only am I truly happy to see the entertaining cast of Fry,  Leela,  Bender,  Dr.Zoidberg,  Hermes Conrad,  Amy Wong,  and of course the lovable absent minded Professor Hubert but they kept the original voice cast as well which is truly appreciated to both the cast and producers of the show.  All the old character quirks are alive and still running with this bumbling crew as they go from one hilarious episode to another,  and while we only get thirteen episodes with this set it still worth the price for this incredible series.  Now the only thing left to do is get the made for tv movies they made before this set which if no one has seen yet then it's another definite must for any fan of the show.  So until the next box set let this one keep us fans entertained for the wait which hopefully won't be to long...
Love, love, love this show! Theresa is wonderfully gifted and has used her talent to help so many people. What a great show for the family to watch. Theresa is wonderful and her husband and two kids really show what a &#34;true loving family&#34; are all about!
Fantastic show. Great cast - wonderful to watch. Wonderfully compelling stories that keep you eager for the next episode. And the music...oh the music. We would watch this just for the music, but fortunately, this show is exceptional in every way. What a great (and long overdue) concept. Bring on season 2!
I found the premise intriguing so gave it a try. History is presented in story form by actors who are totally tanked. As a non-drinker myself, I had low expectations of a show centered around alcohol. I'm almost embarrassed to say it - I'm crazy about this informative, yet comedic series.  Looking forward to season 2!
I love Doctor Who and I can't wait until the Christmas specials every year but the latest one starring new companion Clara Oswin Oswald  makes you so curious, you almost forget you're still hurting over Amy & Rory.
Now that I have "fired" DirecTV and gone to ROKU,  I have been very happy to be able to easily see ALL the episodes in order AND not forever miss any while I was doing something else, or when my wife wanted to see another channel.I really like the regular characters and enjoy the new characters that come and go.  I typically watch 2 episodes a night (no commercials makes them show quicker).I am from S. Florida and, as a kid, liked to wade through swampy areas (not really the Glades, but close).  My mother would have panicked had she even suspected that I and my buddy did that.The only lurking sadness is that I can watch the episodes so fast that they will soon be used up.  However, the benefit of being so darn old is that I may have forgotten the first episode by the time I has seen the last..
Outstanding can't wait for season 2 definitely worth watching. Great story good acting. It is highly addictive. Great show and lots of action
Show about only ship around a,plague killing whole world there trying to get a cure the problems they run into. I highly recommend the show it's bloody so for ages 17 and older to see.  I like the actors.  They're great.
This show is something else. I would have it on loop if I could. I think my family would hate it after a while. But bob is hilarious. Linda is hilarious. The kids are hilarious. Everyone in the show plays a specific part that is not seen in other movies or shows. It just so good you have to see it to understand.
The Shield - wherein it is proven that nothing elevates a TV drama to a place above daytime soaps more than graphic violence, profanity and gore combined with corrupt cops, grotesque pimps, ho's galore, violent mobsters of all ethnic varieties, rapes and pillage. Throw in a generous bunch of victims and perps, both repulsive and sympathetic, and you get an excellent drama that will satisfy all your voyeuristic needs. Good writing plus good acting plus good production values create a memorable series. If you can imagine Elmore Leonard and James Ellroy collaborating on The Wire and dropping it into the ethnic cauldron of Los Angeles, you'd get The Shield.
With the impending death of network television (as we know it), all too many great shows have been canceled.  The shocking lack of intelligent and engaging shows is sad.  Small wonder a great many viewers rarely watch network television, choosing instead to view programming via the internet.That said, it's wonderful that high quality shows such as Blue Bloods are still available to discerning viewers via network television AND internet viewing.
I am never disappointed in an episode of the Walking Dead, it is Just the best series ever, I highly recommend!
Was skeptical at first. I have now watched all to date from the beginning.Is great to watch but can the writers keep it up. One mistake and its old news.
I have been a fan of the Dr for over 30 years. The latest batch was had amazingly high production values. The old B&W ones were the ultimate camp. I kind of miss that. While a liked Tennent a smidge better as the Dr, Smith is good and adds his own charm. The latest story the Christmas one was well written.
I was so disappointed when the show was cancelled. I love the show and all the characters. I hope they bring them back one of these days. The cast was great and storylines very interesting. Miss it immensely!
Very good series. I enjoy them very much. World War II era, with very interesting insights in to war time England. Fairly good plots.
It's hard not to start questioning the historical factors and internal/hidden workings of our actual current corporate-political system against Continuum's fictional future portral of an "all consuming corpora-operational society."  Fascinating and frightening!  This series is getting better and better.
I honestly thought that Bosch would be my favorite new original show, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that Mozart of the Jungle was just as engaging. The premise is nothing new, but the twist is that instead of country, pop, rock, or rap, we get a peek into the world of Classical music, one of the oldest and most revered styles today. This lends itself well to the decadent parties and attitudes of those who've made it, and explains the young but out there style of those still hoping to succeed.The cast is young, attractive, and most importantly talented. The lead is charming and engaging. Malcolm McDowell is flawless, as always, Gael Garc&iacute;a Bernal plays the eccentric young genius very well, and Saffron Burrows smolders nicely as the experienced voice of wisdom. This show would be a get on any channel, so I certainly hope Amazon decides to produce more episodes.
I love this show.  The stories are very well done.  A few are just down right scary.  My husband will not watch it - says it is too scary for him.  I think it is the best of the real life based ghost story shows out there right now.
bloody fantastic! why isn't this on regular television? I'd be watching whenever it came on. if the powers that be did that- they'd have to keep the same cast. bloody enjoyable.
The owners/employees are entertaining to watch.  They seem like good, genuine folks from down South.  An interesting spin in this show is that many of the customers seem to know the owner, so it adds a much more personal feel to those encounters.  I think that makes this reality show seem even more real.  They buy a good mix of items, from Civil War memorabilia to donkeys to honey.  These shows are best when there is an educational piece in every episode.  You get that with Cajun Pawn Stars.  It's entertaining and educational.  You often see failed negotiations, which I assume is reality on an everyday occasion.  I can appreciate that as much as successful negotiations.
If you can take the gritty in your face drama dealing with guns, drugs, gangs, their dealing with law enforcement.  This show has everything, mc chases/action for the guys, drama for the women.  Character depth and depiction in this show are spot on amazing for law enforcement and the the mc clubs/criminal elements of show.  The actors really pull in the muscle and deliver their characters authentically.  The way the mc club deals with other gangs, similar to politics.  Setting is also realistic depicting the urban decay of our Nor-Cal roadways, and urban buildings.  I just wanna know where all the award nominations are for this show.  Motorcycle Clubs are about the men, but the women in this show really pull their weight, especially Katey Sagal.  I am not into bikes other than the creativity that goes into the custom bikes,  and never thought I would be interested in this show, but it is truly awesome for a TV show.
Love this show.  It shows positive ways to solve problems and learn from them. Really wonderful interaction  and realationships with family and friends. All the drama and dysfunction in most families could take a lesson from this show. It is wonderful to see a close, loving family that interacts respectfully to one another . Very healthy and realistic. Great values. One of my favorites. Thanks Bill Cosby.
Story of Don's decline is compelling and the writing top notch as it has been throughout the series.  Fascinating train wreck.
This series would be for those who like mystery, drama, great acting, good stories and comedy all in one.  It's easy on the eyes and mind.  Really enjoyable to watch.
Grey's Anatomy is my absolute favorite show on television now...I own all the past seasons on my Kindle and have watched them over again.
After seeing the departure of Smallville and Eureka, this show was great, much like the Libraian and National treasure this show finds artifacts that have powers and the ability to change human behavior for good or bad, Arty is great and if you are Jewish you will like it, the boss of the show in some episodes makes reference to the Talmud, and Is Jewish, A great show with new adventures every week
I think that this was agood season of SOA. I like Jax character. I thought the character, Gemma played by the great Katey Segal did an amazing job in this season with everything that her character went through. The last episode was very suspenseful with the baby being taken.
"Sons of Anarchy" comes from the mind of Kurt Sutter, a former writer and co-producer of FX's popular (and now recently concluded) series "The Shield".  Joining Sutter are fellow writers Dave Erickson ("Canterbury's Law") and Jack LoGiudice ("Street Time", "Resurrection Blvd." and "7th Heaven"), composer Bob Theile Jr. ("The Office") and cinematography by Paul Maibaum ("My Boys", "Samantha WHO?" and "Related").The drama series revolves around a motorcycle club known as the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club, Redwood Original (SAMCRO).  With SAMCRO chapters across the country, the original Sons of Anarchy motorcycle club was formed in an area called Charming.  Members consist of normal men who have their own responsibilities, life style and jobs but what they have in common is their allegiance towards the club.  And that allegiance includes being part of a life of danger.  For the Sons of Anarchy, the group makes a lot of money by dealing with importing illegal weapons which they sell to other gangs in the Bay Area (primarily the East Bay area), dealing with other organizations or mafia connections but taking a pride in their city and protecting local businesses and the people of the area.They are well-connected and also have ties to the inside of law enforcement and thus, are able to maintain their operations.  But of course, all is not safe as major gangs are there to cause the club some havoc.  There are those who try to mess with them or steal SAMCRO's shipments such as the white supremacist group known as the "Nords", their Latino rivals from Oakland known as the "Mayans" and possibly other dangers including the authorities.The first season of "Sons of Anarchy" focuses on member Jax (Charlie Hunman, "Undeclared", "Hooligans"), a member who tends to takes care of operations for the club and is quite respectful of his allegiance to the club that his father John had started and ran until his death many years ago.SAMCRO is now run by Clarence "Clay" Morrow (Ron Perlman, "Hellboy" films and "Beauty and the Beast") who married Jax's mother Gemma (Katey Sagal, "Married with Children", "Futurama", "8 Simple Rules...For Dating My Teenage Daughter") and have lived a life of making money but now are starting to feel the financial constraints.Both have made the Sons of Anarchy to a club that is profitable (due to the club's illegal dealings) but things start to change when Jax discovers his father's belongings especially with the discovery of his dead father's unpublished manuscript.  It appears that his father has envisioned change for the Sons of Anarchy and because of this, Jax notices that with all the trouble and danger the club faces now, perhaps its time to change things for the positive for the club.Jax eventually starts to show doubts towards the club's activities and starts to become more compassionate to the personal lives of some of the members and thus puts himself into a position that can lead to conflict with the his step-father/leader of the Sons of Anarchy.  Of course, this change of thought starts to rub certain members the wrong way, some who question Jax's ability to lead in the future.Needless to say, Jax's mother, Gemma starts to be concerned of her son's interest in her dead husband's belongings and looks at things as if her deceased husband is trying to talk to her son from the grave.  Thus, she wants her husband Clay to make sure that Jax doesn't hurt the operations of the Sons of Anarchy and make sure he doesn't stray.Throughout the series, we get to see how the club operates but most of all how tight or how troubled the internal brotherhood is between the members of the motorcycle club and the dangers they face.Members of the Son of Anarchy also include:* Bobby "Elvis" Munson (Mark Boone Junior) - The treasurer of the club and an Elvis impersonator* Tig Trager (Kim Coates) - The sergeant-at-arms.  Clay's right hand man and incredibly violent.  Doesn't believe in Jax as the successor to the club.* Filip "Chibs" Telford (Tommy Flanagan) - The medic of the club that served for the British Army.* Piermont "Piney" Winston (William Lucking) - Opie's father and co-founder of SAMCRO.* Harry "Opie" Winston (Ryan Hurst) - A member of SAMCRO who has been off-an-on with the group because of his obligations to his wife and kids.  Thus he stays away from their illegal activities.* Juan Carlos "Juice" Ortiz (Theo Rossi) - The club's intelligence officer, ahe hacker and the guy with the inside connections.* Kip "Half-Sack" Epps (Johnny Lewis) -  A member of the club and former Iraq vet."Sons of Anarchy - Season One" is featured on three Blu-ray discs.  Here is a spoiler-less summary of each episode:DISC 1:* EPISODE 1 - Pilot - Introduction to the characters and Jax's pregnant ex-girlfriend goes into a drug overdose and harms his baby.  Meanwhile, the Sons of Anarchy's weapons have been stolen by The Mayans and now they must recover the weapons.* EPISODE 2 - Seeds - There's a new deputy chief in Charming and is on to the Sons of Anarchy.  Meanwhile, SOA member Opie and his family are having financial problems.* EPISODE 3 - Fun Town - The daughter of a prominent Charming family is assaulted and the Sons of Anarchy (who protect their town) needs to take care of business.* EPISODE 4 - Patch Over - The Sons of Anarchy try to help out their Nevada brothers known as the Devil's Tribe.  Especially now that they have been threatened by the Mayans.* EPISODE 5 - Giving Back - Clay must protect a parolee, meanwhile SAMCRO  is being investigated.DISC 2:* EPISODE 6 - AK-51 - Clay has Jax work on a project for him and a way to see where Jax's mind is for the club.* EPISODE 7 - Old Bones - Old bones are discovered outside of Charming and secrets of Clay may be revealed.* EPISODE 8 - The Pull - SAMCRO gets into more financial problems, meanwhile the Nords and Mayans continue to grow their partnership.* EPISODE 9 - Hell Followed - SAMCRO gets their revenge against a rival biker club.* EPISODE 10 - Better Half - Agent Stahl starts to investigate the women of SAMCRO.DISC 3:* EPISODE 11 - Capybara - Jax is put into a situation in which he must choose to be there as a friend for the members of the club vs. his allegiance to the club.* EPISODE 12 - The Sleep of Babies - Clay has to make a difficult decision on how to pay for Bobby's defense.  Meanwhile, Abel's return home causes severe problems for the club and a tragedy for the club.* EPISODE 13 - The Revelator - Jax goes on a search for who murdered a person close to them and Jax discovers the awful truth that the murderer may be someone he knows really well.VIDEO & AUDIO:"Sons of Anarchy - Season One" is presented in 1080p High Definition (AVC @ 23MBPS), widescreen with an aspect ratio of 1:78:1.  The series is a series that has a large number of scenes shot outdoors and for the most part, the picture quality features excellent detail.From the scenery of the mountains, the motorcycles, the weapons, the explosions,  the violent maiming of gangsters and the blood, burnt flesh and details of the wounds are quite clear and detailed on this Blu-ray release.Also, during the darker scenes, I didn't catch any major high compression or high noise during those low-light situations.  Skin tones are natural and you can catch some scenes with the skin pores and for the most part, the picture quality is brilliant although you do see occasional grain but definitely not distracting.Audio is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio (Spanish in Dolby Digital).  "Sons of Anarchy" is a series that takes advantage of the lossless audio track.  From the revving of the engines of the Harley-Davidson motorcycles to the booms of explosions and the gunshots, the series definitely utilizes the surrounds during those action-scenes.For the most part, the explosions and weapons are minimal and most of the audio is dialogue-driven and is primarily front and center channel driven.  As with the rock music that plays throughout the series.  But for the most part, fans of the series will enjoy the lossless track and its use of the various channels throughout the series.Subtitles are in English SDH, French and Spanish.SPECIAL FEATURES:"Sons of Anarchy - Season One" comes with the following special features:DISC 1:On disc 1, select audio and you will be able to find the following audio commentary:* Commentary for Pilot - Featuring audio commentary with Kurt Sutter, Guy Feeland, Charlie Hunnam, Ron Perlman and Katey Sagal.DISC 2:On disc 2, select audio and you will be able to find the following audio commentary:* Commentary for the Pull - Featuring audio commentary with Kurt Sutter, Guy Feeland, Maggie Siff and Charlie Hunnam.DISC 3:* Commentary for the Revelator- Featuring audio commentary with Kurt Sutter, Charlie Hunnam, Ron Perlman, Kim Coates, Mark Boone Junior, Theo Rossi, Ryan Hurst, William Lucking, Johnny Lewis and Tommy Flanagan.* The Making of Sons of Anarchy, Season 1 - (8:59) Interviews with the producers, creator and cast about the series.  Kurt Sutter talks about spending time with the outlaw community and trying to make the series authentic.* The Ink - (4:50) Biker clubs have their own logo and patches and how the "Sons of Anarchy" insignia was created.  Interviews with cast and crew including tattoo artists and insignia creators Freddy Corbin and Derrick Snodgrass.* The Bikes - (7:08) The cast and crew talk about riding motorcycles and their appreciation of riding them. Crew talk about the different bikes that each character rides.* Casting Sons of Anarchy - (14:47) Kurt Sutter (series creator/writer) and Wendy O'Brien (casting) discuss the casting of "Sons of Anarchy".  The two discuss the importance of finding people who really look like they fit the part.* Deleted Scenes - (35:05) Around 30 deleted scenes which can be watched individually or via "play all".* Anarchy on the Set (Gag Reel) - (6:53) A hilarious gag reel.JUDGMENT CALL:"Sons of Anarchy" is one of those rare series that you will catch on television.  The interesting thing is that back in the late 1970's, the outlaw life was typically portrayed on television as this hell-bent biker gang but films really never fully explored it well, actually, if anything, they were just used as an episode of "C.H.I.P.S" and were people wreaking havoc on innocents.There is a culture among the biker clubs and it was great to see a series that featured characters in a variety of depth and it is quite evident that creator/writer Kurt Sutter did his research well in capturing that culture, the look and feel of the individuals (and of course, great casting) but bringing together this gritty storyline of opposing gangs and rival biker clubs and creating this world where life is not always peaceful and allegiance for the club, you need to sacrifice for the club.  Personally, I was captivated by the storytelling and from beginning to end, realize that hell is going to break loose in Season 2.  Granted, I say this not knowing anything about motorcycle gangs up-close and personal but I would assume with all the time that Sutter spent with the various motorcycle clubs, there are some aspects of that culture that he brought into this fictional drama series.  And of course, that correlation to Shakespeare's "Hamlet" makes the series quite intriguing.I have to admit that before watching the series, I wasn't sure how Charlie Hunnam (who typically plays popular guy that the girls dig type of roles), Katey Sagal who has been in more sitcom-based shows and more dramatic series and of course, Ron Perlman, an actor that viewers are used to seeing him in "Hellboy" or the old classic "Beauty and the Beast" series.  But for the most part, each of the talent did wonderful job and the series is literally well-cast.  Hunnam as Jax sans the English accent almost has this Heath Ledger type of feel to his character that works.  Katey Sagal does an excellent job playing a mother, but a mother who has the potential of going bad.  And of course, Ron Perlman definitely has that look of a person you don't want to cross.  Add in the other talent and  overall, the way they play their characters are is convincing.  Again, the talent are definitely well-cast!The Blu-ray further enhances the enjoyment of the series with picture quality really capturing the violence and grittiness of the series.  In the first episode, the first time you lay your eyes on the charred remains of two people, you know that this series is not going to be "pedestrian" and by the end of the first episode, you realize that the series is quite violent but fits the situation quite well.  As mentioned before, the lossless audio track definitely compliments the series, especially for those who can't get enough of that engine revving of the Harley's in high definition.  Also, picture quality is well-done and again, as beautiful as the scenery is of the mountain regions and the camera panning through the various Harley's, the picture quality also captures the detail of the violence of the series."Sons of Anarchy - Season One" was definitely a big surprise for me and it's good to know that FX has continued the trend of having well-written, well-cast and overall, another riveting drama series.  Overall, this series is highly recommended!
I gave this show a shot on a whim and loved it.  Love the familiar faces, especially the funny folks from MadTV (Will Sasso especially).The producer of the show gets drunk with some local dimwits and asks them to explain some part of history relevant to their town.  What follows is a rambling, disjointed, awkwardly ridiculous explanation of famous people and events, all acted out professionally and with parts that are so funny you'll be peeing yourself.I really hope they do a season 2.
Do I want to see more? You bet your a$$ I do. The show circles four interesting characters - dad and three grown children. The children are selfish and each has insecurity that anyone can identify with. And the show has big names like Jeffrey Tambor and Judith Light. I want to see more!!
This show is the only one that my 2-year-old likes! We are so happy that it is available to stream through Amazon!
If only the budget for this exceptionally good series had been what could have been offered today!  This is the epitome of good writing put together with excellent acting and plausible human characters fleshed out in detail and given properly understandable motives for their actions,so that their talk and behavior seems like real people doing real things in real time.  The intricacies of their relationships and the development of the characters across the different episodes is plausible and entrancing.  The interpretation of some historical events is plausible as imaginative pseudo-fiction, even if disputed by some experts, and cannot be fully supported by historical sources (many of which are lost).  However the detective work in putting together a credible theme running through the mysterious events of the Julio-Claudian family was, after all, done by a writer who was thoroughly versed in classical history and he made a decent stab at interpreting what he read and at bringing it to life.It casts into stark relief the poverty of plot, research and writing of such recent disasters as Vikings and Rome
I would never want to be locked up over night in some of the strangest places that these guys go around and investigate! Join Zak Bagans. Nick Groff, and Aaron Goodwin as they go on the prowl, seeking out spooky evidence of hauntings !! They seek out the famous and notorious places across America. If you&#34;re not afraid of the dark, you will enjoy this TV show. I highly recommend Ghost Adventures Volume 11 for any Horror movie fan. I could watch this show over and over again, because it is that good. Now get that bag of popcorn out and watch Zak, Nick, and Aaron as they investigate their next Ghost Adventure!
Interesting information that the whole family can watch. They research information about different topics leaving (most of the time) to your own conclusion.
The plot is great, the characters are well written and acted. Certainly if you liked Season 1, you'll like season 2 even better. But opinions will vary obviously and vastly. Either you'll love the show, or you will watch something else. I'll also take a quick moment to rate Amazon Prime delivery of the content ( FLAWLESS ).
Thomas and Sarah are such devils, but always missing their marks..lol. i would have loved to have seen more of them
It gets better each show.  Worth watching lets hope they keep it on. Can't wait for season 2 this fall
I love the new British version,Sherlock, but there is indeed something quite special about having Watson played by a female lead. Lucy Lu does an amazing job as her character and the two combined bring quite an emotional connection to the characters and stories portrayed. Not to mention the comedy that often plays off of Sherlock's quirkiness.
Loved the previous seasons.  Honestly, I didn't think season four would stand the test of time.  Watching the first few episodes proved me wrong.
My toddler loves Mili, Geo, and Bot. This show occasionally gets on my nerves (especially when my toddler makes me sing the theme song 439758475238490 times in a row) but it's so worth it. I did so terribly in math when I was in school because I believed that because I was a girl, I could not do math. I felt so worthless and stupid. In fact, I had anxiety attacks all through college because of it. I love that there's a show out there empowering kids (especially girls) to do math. I love that there's a female superhero who is smart and not dressed up like something out of a male fantasy. If this helps give my child a little bit more confidence later on down the road, then it will be worth it to have to sing, &#34;you've got mighty math power&#34; as many times as I have to!
Great show great acting
I am so addicted to this thoughtful, well written, well acted excellent BBC show!  I only wish I didn't have to wait a whole week to see the next episode.
My husband and I loved this! Judi Dench is fantastic and all of the actors are superior....I can't imagine anyone not enjoying this!
I liked the pace of this show and was really annoyed when it ended and I had no more to watch. Everything about the show was well done from the acting to the story. I really hope we get some more of this one.
This is another great season of NYPD Blue.  Andy and Greg remain the only holdouts from the first season, but the writing continues to shine and make the show seem like a continuation of the early seasons.  Connie McDowell becomes more of a focus as her character draws closer to Sipowicz.  Baldwin and ADA Valerie Haywood continue their relationship.  John Clark, Jr., aka Zack Morris, takes over the role of Andy's partner following the discovery that Danny Sorenson's character was killed off at the end of Season 8.  NYPD Blue was one of my favorite TV shows while it was on, and I really wish they'd eventually get around to releasing the entire series on DVD's.
Without wishing to raise the specter of ancient Marvel/DC rivalries, it's impossible not to compare this series withJustice League, and with Justice League's successor series,Justice League Unlimited. For although The Avengers doesn't quite have the philosophical depth of Justice League Unlimited, like the Justice League shows it is nevertheless proof positive that a superhero cartoon can be done entirely seriously and - astonishing as this might be for some people - still wind up as an intelligent piece of television. Far more so in fact than most live action "grown up" shows that get made.There is so much to say here, but of course, I don't want to give away any spoilers. One thing I will say is that I particularly love the languid pace at which the broader, season-spanning plot arcs are slowly, almost casually moved into place, even as the audience is blitzkrieged with the superheroic action sequences of the moment. For like Justice League Unlimited, this show is as much a serial as it is a series.So keep your eyes open as you go along!But for me, the best thing about The Avengers is the truly seamless melding of silver and iron age aesthetics. Old-school fans will delight in all the countless references to the original Avengers comic books from the 1960s. This applies on virtually every conceivable level, from costume design to inter-character conflicts. At the same time, we also see at least the beginnings of a far harder-edged iron age cynicism, and even political consciousness - particularly in the characters of Tony Stark, and, arguably, Henry Pym. Neither of these elements were ever even remotely present in the original comics. Contemporary comic book fans will likewise note the merging of elements from both the original and "Ultimate" Marvel Universes. Yet here again, these disparate elements are so perfectly combined that it is difficult to imagine them ever being apart.It's also worth adding that on a purely visual level, the "cover" art we see in the product snapshot here on Amazon doesn't really do this show justice. The art in The Avengers actually has a very slightly "gritty" feel to it that I haven't seen in an animated television show before; at least, not outside of some of the older MTV stuff from the 1990s.Finally, returning to the show itself, there is a lot here to tickle the interest of the more knowledgeable animation and sci-fi fans. For example, Jeffrey Combs, who so superbly provided the voice for The Question in Justice League Unlimited, here voices the classic Hulk supervillain The Leader. Combs will also be familiar to many from his various roles in multiple Star Trek series (always in heavy alien makeup). For the movie buffs, Iron Man is voiced with a downright Robert Downey Jr. quality; albeit not by Mr. Downey himself.Ah well. We can but dream!Theo.
Season 2 is good. It's twisted and creepy. So far, it's not as good as season 1, but if you liked season 1 you'll like season 2. It's interesting how they completely moved away from the house. I thought the house would be the constant. Once again, the sets are amazing, the make-up is amazing and the story sucks you in. Highly recommend.
Today's show market is flooded with Cop Dramas, so I watched the Pilot thinking this would be just another Cop Drama.  Well, I was wrong.  Just based off the Pilot, this looks to have superior potential as a show.  Yeah it has all the stereotypical Cop Drama elements, embattled super cop main character and a big mystery case he's working on.  So I guess this could be knocked as &#34;nothing new.&#34;  Well truth is, there really is nothing new today, and if something is new, chances are most people won't like it.  This show definitely has great casting, so far-great writing, and serious potential to appeal to the masses.I personally really hope this show gets a green light.
Nice continuation from session 1.  The romance between Gavin and Stacy develops, helped an hindered by their odd cast of friends.  Good fun and well worth watching.
Batman Animated done right. After more than 20 years without a Batman (stand alone series) this came out after the Michael Keaton 'Batman&#34; movie with great animation, stories, and voice acting. This was huge in the early 90's on Fox or the WB. The great thing about it was that it brought out story of the  other villians from the comic book that we hadn't seen in the 60's TV series or 60's animated series like &#34;Clayface,&#34; &#34;Killer Croc,&#34; &#34;The Scarecrow,&#34; &#34;Two Face,&#34; etc. Mark Hamill did the voice of &#34;The Joker&#34; after his performance on &#34;The Flash&#34; TV series as the villain &#34;The Trickster.&#34; It's still better than all these other Batman series that have followed and get worse by the year!
This is by far the strangest show I've ever seen, but my preschool childstill loves it. This is the best Season out of the 3-4. More adventure,more music. I thought it was hilarious to choose the character with one eye (Muno)to be the one to get glasses and a contact lens.Weather, Band, Dress Up and Birthday episodes are personal (unanimous) favorites.
Enjoyed it very much. Just goes to show you how dangerous that kind of driving conditions can be and the type of stamina one must have to work long hours and rough conditions. Give it a try.
I love everything about this show...the action and fighting sequences...the dialogue...the story.  The acting is OK, too:)  I miss Taraji Henson...
Every sane man wants to be in Castle's shoes. Niki heats is hotter than hot, oooooooooooooweeeeeeeeeee! The story lines are fantastic and the whole crew has chemistry.
A great finally to a wonderful series. We are sad to see you go, looking forward to see where the actors go from here!
Creative and entertaining. Enjoy seeing what the contestants come up with. The judges are articulate and try to be constructive in their critiques.
Simple and entertaining. New love for the octopus. My dd has &#34;learned&#34; a new love for the sea. Recommend it
Growing up as a child of the 1980&#8242;s. VHS was my life. Every Friday night I would hop on my bike after school and head down to the local video store with the largest selection of horror movies. I&#8217;d run to the back of the store where the &#8220;really good&#8221; horror movies were and enjoy the bloody feast of gory eye candy. It was a rush of adrenaline that every horror fan should experience regularly. The painted covers, the delicious puns, the bonanza of blood! Ohhh, they were some good times.Watching the new documentary Rewind This! brought back these incredible memories with a glorious gory grin on my face through the entire 92 minute running time. Directed by Josh Johnson, Rewind This! tells the story of the 80&#8242;s VHS boom, the collectors today that are still holding on to their VHS collection, and the future for the medium. Filled with interviews from collectors as well as filmmakers from the era, the documentary has a lot of fun showing the power VHS has over fans even today. Want some vintage VCR commercials? Oh, believe me, they are all here. I especially loved the commercials that feature the state of the art &#8220;cordless remote feature&#8221; as well as the cutting edge &#8220;rewind option.&#8221; It&#8217;s a nostalgia lovers wet dream as is some of the rare VHS tapes featured.As the doc moves on to the world of today&#8217;s cinema and the advent of streaming video, it plays as a bit of a heartbreak for horror fans. One film professor mentions how her students have no desire today to start a video collection as anything they could ever want to see is available on streaming. How sad is that? Early VHS was an artform in and of itself and film lovers of the new generation are surely missing something with the lack of a physical medium. This film understands that and celebrates the great years with great enthusiasm. This is a fantastic documentary for the film lover in all of us. Check it out!
I liked this movie, well written and acted.  The idea of Butch Cassidy living under an assumed name in Bolivia was well thought out and the adventure that ensued was enjoyable and a reminder of the westerns of yesteryear!
Eureka is the perfect show for the entire family.My son and I love it and thanks to Amazon Prime we are able to watch the entire series from beginning to end as often as we'd like.Eureka is the #1 show Syfy has ever aired and it is an absolute shame they decided to cancel it. My son and I are still hoping Syfy comes to their senses and starts filling this great show again.
The first episode is almost better and more suspenseful than a season finale. There are some totally surprising twists and turns. This is one of my favorite shows ever!
During the first season - and even though I saw the mature audience rating - I was a little shocked at the material. BUT ..by the time I got to season 3, I felt tied in to the characters and was rooting for Grace to face her demons. Earl is my new favorite angel!!! I later watched all of the seasons available and was sad to see it end.
If you enjoy Zoe Bell amazingly awesome skills in the underrated &#34;Death Proof&#34; movie that was made by Quentin Tarantino then you absolutely need to buy/rent this RAZE movie!  I first heard about this movie last year and at first I wasn't expecting too much from this RAZE film because I figured it was going to be one of those &#34;straight to the bin&#34; movie type of thing but I am glad to be proven wrong.The main actress who pretty much steals the entire show/movie is the wonderfully talented and hot ZOE BELL! Please visit google.com if it isn't too much work for you because Zoe Bell is the best Stunt Woman/Actress I have ever seen today.  This movie will keep you watching and guessing until the very end due because you will be thinking that you will know what happens next but end up being completely off/wrong! Very VERY few movies pull of that special moment where you can fool the audience/viewer into thinking they can predict what will happen next but they end up being wrong.Just watch the darn trailer for this movie before you rent/buy it and if that trailer does not interest you, then you are possibly better off watching Fast and Furious or Transformers or whatever big hollywood movies that people love so much these days lol.Anyways, what are you waiting for? Rent or buy this movie now! Support this film not because it needs attention but because it is an awesome/unique movie that will keep you glued until the credits are rolling!
If you liked or didn't like &#34; Eureka&#34;, I'm not going to review it, you already know what you liked about it. I enjoyed the whole series. I have a couple of favorite episodes from Season 2. I like having the disks. Cable and internet service goes out from time to time, so it's nice to pop in the dvds and watch on my Sony portable. I was glad they ditched the funky potato foam of the 1st season package. This one holds the dvds correctly in place. The box is not going to fill up the landfill, it's going to remain with me for a long time to come, and then it will become a collectible, right?
Can't wait for the next season! I'm totally hooked on this series. The acting is great, the story-line is great! Can't wait to see more.
I thought season 2 was even better than season 1. It is really nice to have many of the cast members return from season 1 in a brand new story. I am a huge fan of Jessica Lang so was really happy to see her return. I can't really talk about the story without giving too much away, but give it a try if you enjoyed season 1 I think you will like this even more. If you haven't seen season 1 give it a try.For anyone from Massachusetts.....the building reminds me of Tewksbury state hospital back in the 70's & 80's....really creepy!!
To me a comedy is REALLY funny or it misses all together. This one made me laugh. It is not a guaranteed winner, that will be up to the writers, but it has all the makings. More!
I bought the series for my husband for Christmas and he loves it. Kurt Sutter is a genius and a this series is fantastic.
It's better every week. Zoe needs someone like Wade....they are funny together & they get one another. Poor George needs to find his own woman & forget about Zoe & Lemon.
It's nice te see a series thats fun to watch some of the things re far fetched but that's the fun parts
Always entertaining to see the Gold Rush men struggle to find the most gold in spite of everyday setbacks. Perseverance pays off, sometimes.
I loved this well written, well acted, funny, articulate and intelligent show.  Can't wait for more episodes.  Yeah!!!!! Watch it. Love it!!
Great show for kids has a lot of history lessons mixed with entertainment it was a great show when I was a kid now as an adult its a little corny but I can watch it with my kids.
I really love this series!  It is much better than reading a book!  My husband even likes this show.  It is so typical of small town life with a bit extra added in for good measure.  What a way to end the work day! I could not wait until I could see the next episode!!!
It has taken four years but Solomon Kane has finally made its way to the U.S. and the wait was worth it, as this is the best film adaptation yet of a Robert E. Howard character.  Granted, that&#8217;s not saying a whole lot given previous history.  The original 1982 Conan film starring Arnold Schwarzenegger was an enjoyable but highly flawed film; it&#8217;s 1984 sequel, the 2011 reboot, and the Kull the Conqueror films do not even bear discussion in the equation.Solomon Kane may have been Howard&#8217;s greatest character.  He was certainly the late pulp writer&#8217;s most complex creation.  The Puritan adventurer was more the antithesis of Conan&#8230;a man who avoided violence but was driven by a code of strict moral ethics as opposed to Conan&#8217;s more earthly pursuits of gold, women, and ale.  Michael J. Bassett&#8217;s screenplay is not based on any of Howard&#8217;s original stories although bits and pieces are cobbled from several such as &#8220;The Moon of Skulls&#8221;, and &#8220;Blades of the Brotherhood&#8221;.While Howard never wrote Kane an origin story per se, Bassett provides his vision of Kane&#8217;s backstory.  We first meet Kane (Purefoy) in North Africa (where Howard based many of the original Kane tales) as a ruthless pirate leading his men against an Ottoman fortress.  While searching the castle for plunder, Kane encounters a hooded demon known as the &#8220;Devil&#8217;s Reaper&#8221; who tells Kane his soul is doomed to Hell for his past evils.  Kane escapes the demon and we next meet him years later having found sanctuary in an English monastery.After a prophetic dream, the Abbot tells Kane he must leave to find atonement for his sins.  His travels eventually lead him to meet a Puritan family called the Crowthorns including father William (Postlethewaite), mother Katherine (Krige) daughter Meredith (Rachel Hurd-Wood), along with their two sons.  While Kane is scouting ahead, the family is attacked by the corrupted soldiers of a Malachi, an evil sorcerer, Kane  The soldiers kill the Crownthorn men and kidnap Meredith.  Kane has sworn to never kill again but he is forced to break his vow to battle the evil stalking the land and rescue Meredith.Solomon Kane had less than half the budget ($40 million) versus the 2011 Conan the Barbarian film ($90 million) but you certainly cannot tell.  This is a film that uses every dime to its fullest.  It captures the bleak look of England in the early 1600s that matches the essence of the Robert E. Howard stories.  It&#8217;s dark, gray, and barren and seemingly lacking in hope and happiness.Bassett&#8217;s story overreaches somewhat by trying to be too epic in scale. The final battle against the giant fire demon (which looks way too much like a Balrog) came off as self-indulgent.  Howard&#8217;s Kane stories were decidedly smaller and regional in scale.  Kane&#8217;s stories were often personal, however, and Bassett&#8217;s screenplay does have that feel.  Kane isn&#8217;t concerned with saving the kingdom.  He only wants to fulfill his vow to the dying William Crowthorn and save his daughter.  You must credit Bassett for delivering an R rated film that seethes with the savage violence of the source material.  Heads and limbs are cleaved with regularity and without apology.Unlike Howard&#8217;s muscle-bound Conan and Kull, Kane was always described as lean but wiry. Purefoy absolutely nails Kane in every way possible.  Sure the costume department did their job with Kane&#8217;s traditional slouched hat, dark cloak, rapier, dirk, and pistols, but credit Purefoy for making Kane real.  From his voice, to his emotions and to his mannerisms, he IS Solomon Kane.  While Purefoy is outstanding in the lead role he is bolstered by an outstanding supporting cast including Postlethwaite, Krige, Jason Flemying, and Max Von Sydow (who ironically had a bit role in the 1982 Conan film) as Kane&#8217;s father.The Solomon Kane film was released in the UK in 2009 and even though it seemed to be on the literal slow boat, it has finally made its way to U.S. shores and Howard fans can finally rejoice!Blu-Ray ExtrasAudio Commentary with Michael J. Basset and James PurefoyThe Making of Solomon Kane (11:40) &#8211; Short &#8220;Making of&#8221; documentary featuring interviews with Bassett and several cast members.Deleted Scene: Cave Fight (2:26) &#8211; Bassett introduces this deleted scene that features Kane battling a group of marauders as he searches for MeredithSpecial FX: The Creation of the Fire Demon (2:00) &#8211; a look at the creation of the fire demon comparing final version to green screen and animation.Interview with Michael J. Bassett (8:51) &#8211; Bassett discusses his love for the fantasy genre, his creation of Kane&#8217;s backstory, and the casting of the title role.Interview with James Purefoy (8:32) &#8211; Purefoy talks about preparing for the role by reading all of Howard&#8217;s original Kane stories as well as history about Puritans.Original Concept artTim Janson, Mania Entertainment
I am not quite sure where the plot would go on this one, but in a good way.  There were so many things that happened, and so many unanswered questions that the plot can go anywhere.  I can see that the show has a lot of potential, but there is also huge potential to screw it up by having so many people trying to work together... that never ends well.  There always seems to be someone who does something stupid.  That didn't happen in this pilot, so that is good.  I liked the female character with the accent (she was strong), but her accent was very annoying.  The Irish guy and prisoner were stereotypical characters, although I did like the prisoner character.  The ending was very intriguing, and the shared birthdays made me want to know more.  I like the sci-fi aspect of this show.
Very good, had me thinking.
Wonderful DVD series! Received the set before promised date and love the package set.  This is a great show and now have the entire series.
Yet the writing is superb. Characters are interesting. Story arcs are involved and the cast was spot on for the most part. I fired through three seasons in a month. Very unfortunate about the abrupt ending while we are on our 20th season and spinoff of the Jersey Shore.
I just love the concept of this show about a secret government warehouse, where all these secret artifacts are stored that can change the world. I especially enjoy the characters and the actors who portray them. I encourage  anyone to spend time with these folks, and  you'll become hooked on the show, wishing there were more episodes than presently available.
I'm no spring chicken but I thought this show was fresh funny and fun to watch. I'd fit it in to my TV watching schedule. Hope it makes it.
I used to watch this show late at night on sundays. They would show 2 episodes back to back and I never missed one. But at the time they were only up to the fourth or fifth season, so I never got to see what happened. Now that its free for Amazon Prime members Im going to watch every episode. A great cop show.
We also love it, when we need to unwind before bed with something soothing&#8230; oddly this also serves that need.
i liked the first episode, but by the second, it became clear that this is a GREAT show. the characters are unique and interesting and the twists and turns are actually surprising. if you're in the mood for a wild ride of a show, which looks like it might be a typical crime of the week show but ISNT, download this one. fun fun.
This little show is great. The funny part for our household is that one of the ten kids in my daughter's play school class (she's four) wears an Angry Birds shirt so the kids know about Angry Birds (we don't let her play that game). Anyway, my daughter calls Peep and the Big Wide World, Angry Birds. For some reason I find this sweet. The show has nice messages and does a little Sesame Street style thing at the end of each episode where they show children working on something related to the message in the cartoon.
Great season, poor dewy! Sounds like Boyd is screwed next season. Thanks to Tim Olamphant it's a success. Rock on.
Avid fan of the show.  We like the new turn the show has taken putting the detectives in the midst of the stodgy FBI.  Makes for great fun.
I love this show!  I can't wait to get to the next episode to see what they come up with next.
I have watched this show every week on tv.  It is such a good show with some comedy and drama both in it.  I now have seasons 1-4 and plane to watch them at a later time.
With this purchase, I have now purchased all 15 seasons of this wonderful series.  I'm not in the medical field, but this drama gave me a greater appreciation of it.  NBC did a wonderful job.  The actors and actresses in this 15 year series were some of the best.  Thank you also to Amazon for providing me with some of the DVD's.  I hope that those of you who read this review are as big a fan as I am of this show, and that your collection is complete as well.
This is a great show for kids. It is one that does not need to be reviewed. Your kids can just watch it.
Mike Row is funny and self deprecating.  What he puts himself through for an acting gig is completely disgusting and funny at the same time.
I love this show. I needed to catch up before the next season started and I'm glad I had acess to it on here.
This show takes in all the ups and downs of trying to become financially independent and creating a team effort to achieve success.
This series is amazing! Neal deGrasse Tyson (Astrophysicist) is a fascinating presenter. I hope this series continues indefinitely. It is one of the best shows on TV currently.
When the season started I felt it was a bit slow; but it picked up and, ended on such a high. Glad that I purchased the season after all; and highly recommend it to anyone seeking a change from reality and mind numbing television.
THIS SHOW HAS EXCELLENT CHARACTERS, AND IT IS VERY WELL WRITTEN. I  CAN'T HARDLY  WAIT FOR ANOTHER SEASON TO SEE WHAT THEY WILL COME UP WITH NEXT.
Wow! Love the cliff hangers. Can't wait to see where it all leads. Hope this is not the last episode or end of series.
I love this character-driven drama packed with strong charismatic personalities that are dangerous, intriguing and oh-so-charmingly lovable. In each story line there's a taught realness to the razor edge each man or woman walks along through the gray areas of human experience. The viewer is left to reflect on their own conclusions about good and evil, and I like that. I keep asking myself if these bigger-than-life characters mirror people I've known and met . . . unfortunately they do. My own life has been full of twists, bizarre coincidences and shocking revelations. Strangely, even though the characters in this show are bigger than life, I relate to the struggles of the individuals in this show. And besides, Timothy Olyphant is so purdy on camera, I would be happy just watching his Raylan Givens walk around on screen for 40 minutes wearing that cowboy hat even if he didn't say a word. Walton Goggins, on the other hand, is all about dialogue - his Boyd Crowder is perfectly played as a disarmingly unsophisticated small-town criminal genius who knows his scripture. I get the impression that Boyd is like the ocean - a force you'd best not turn your back on.
We love this series.  This is one of many interesting episodes.  It is great to see James Spader in a role he is well suited to do.  He can be good and bad and show a complicated man with the best of them.  This episode showing a vigilante bent on torturing parents that beat their children added another facet while seeing Spader tracking down the mole in the agency and exacting justice made it one of the best.  I love the fact they add &#34;real&#34; music to the series, this episode has Johnny Cash &#34;The Man Comes Around&#34; and Junip &#34;Line of Fire&#34;.CA Luster
Fresh writing, good stories, great acting/directing... this series is fun and well done.  I make it a point to record, if I'm not home to watch.  5 stars!
I'm really enjoying this glimpse into the Kilcher family's 600+ acre homestead and their self sufficient lifestyle in the Alaskan wilderness. Very interesting how they originally came to be there. Eighty years ago the first Kilcher fled war-torn Europe with his wife to establish an independent life in America, and their descendants are carrying on that tradition. Farming in Virginia is tough enough for our family, but nothing compared to the Kilcher's daily struggle to survive. I'm cheering them on, especially through those interminable winters. I'm as far north as I care to be in the Shenandoah Valley.
This is full of action and good ideas.. A welcome relief from the heavy stuff.. with likeable attractive smart characters.. Unique plotting and interesting scenes of Starling City...Try it,  you may like it too!
I stumbled upon this one because it looked lonely on Amazon Instant Watch.  I'm glad I did.So to me this is a piece about the defiance against compliant domesticity.  The short again and again emphasizes the uniformity of domestic existence.  We're all the same, living in the same boxes, doing the same things, over and over and over and over.  Until one day we don't... until one day we.... well, until something happens that I won't mention in order to avoid spoilers.The whole thing is wonderfully photographed and over and over it pounds on these themes.  It's not a short for those looking for quick entertainment.  It's the sort that if you watch it with someone else you'll see the video for 15 minutes and then talk about it for two hours afterwards.  So don't look to this for a quick thrill.  It's not that (though it is a bit creepy).  This is a short for the philosophers among us.  Everyone else will be rather disheartened.  If you watch this then plan to think for a bit.  If not prepared to think... move on.PS: It is always my endeavor to provide helpful reviews. If you find my review helpful please vote appropriately. If you do not, then please leave me a comment indicating what you want to know and I'll be sure to do better next time.
Another of my current favorites!
If you watched The Tudors then you might know what to expect from this show, a high quality vehicle which takes on a historical subject and bends the truth here and there.  I settled down to watch this show when I was in the mood for a barbarian type of epic that didn't waste too much time getting to the action.  This show delivers from the very first scene with the Vikings on a battlefield.  Wonderful, breathtaking cinematography accompany the actors who make you believe they are Viking like!  Other than Gabriel Byrne as the Viking chieftain, I had no idea who most of these actors were.  Travis Fimmel is a standout as Ragnar, the Viking who figures out how to sail west and discovers England.  Another great find is Katheryn Winnick as his wife, Lagertha, a shield maiden who can fight and take care of 2 kids and a farm.  If you know about Norse mythology, even a bit from Thor, you will appreciate how Vikings relate to their gods, that is part of the characters lives as well.
It is like a variety show for kids that allows them to learn about all kinds of music and diversity.
Doesn't disapoint, Very much in keeping with the series.Well written, well performed, wonderful settings and filmed well. Worth the time and money!
Elementary is for sure one of our favourite new shows.  Mostly, we really enjoy the writing...and the connection between Sherlock and Watson is really great.
Loved watching the old series in my youth. This is not only modern cartoon but also the characters have aged a few years to give an updated look at the episodes.
Really sad to see The Office close up shop.  This has been such a funny series.  I am glad, however, that Season 9 is seeing the series out the right way.  Some loose ends are getting tied up, and the characters are free to act a little crazier than in the past.  Andy's appearances have been few and far between as the season goes on.  Episode 11 &#34;Suit Warehouse&#34; is probably the funniest episode of the series.
Keep It Coming !  Gotta have It !  The Story is always True and Interesting, I am Very Much a &#34;Dyed In The Wool&#34; Fan. Thanks AMC. I Love You Guys.  Great Work !!
The pilot is as confusing for the audience as the recently passed apocalypse is for the characters; and for much the same reasons.  The power grid, cell phone reception and water distribution system are down, but vehicles and cell phones still have power and function.  There are large numbers of people about and the eight main characters remain together for no logical reason, but it is revealed that they all have the same birth day.  Also a point is made of displaying two characters' tattoos which link up to a "creature" with extensive tattooing of its own which incorporates the characters' tattoos.There is great room for development of the plot and characters as the pilot does little beyond setting up the situation and introducing the characters.  There seems to be a Biblical cant to the story, but it doesn't appear till late in the episode.  I'm eager to see more of this series just to see what the writers and producers have in mind.
Keeps me looking forward to the next episode.
Hunh, I'm a binge watcher of good series, this one is great! Left me hanging, salvating, panting for more. Heard about it from other media sources, didn't realize how good it was till I watched it.
I work with cops. Because of where I work, I look for more 'lighter' or comical shows to escape to because I watch enough of real life on 12+hour shifts. I'm also somewhat of a geek/nerd and absolutely LOVED Firefly!! So, as a Nathan Fillion fan, I watched a couple of episodes and I got hooked into the relationship development between Castle and Det. Beckett. And for me, this show hits every like button - Nathan Fillion, cop show, books (Fillion is a book writer in this show).
I loved the Mozart in the Jungle pilot!  I've always thought that there should be a movie or TV show like this, showing the symphony behind the scenes.  I've seen glimpses in other TV shows like Law & Order and that Columbo episode with Blythe Danner.  These people are talented, and their lives are intriguing and sexy!  I hope to see many episodes of this show, hope it has many seasons.
Rarely do I give a rating like this to anything but British comedy is a weakness of mine and the actors in this series was always first rate.
I only recently discovered Foyle's War. A unique look at police work in England during World War II. Cast and character development was excellent. An engrossing tale, each episode almost a stand-alone show in itself. Like a real page-turner of a book, this will keep you occupied until the very end. Having just finished the final episode in series 6, I can only say that I am really disappointed that there are no more episodes at this time. I could watch this show from now on. Foyle's War certainly has earned its 5-star rating from this old man.
I love London Hospital there is never a dull movement. The actors are all wonderful! I would love to see more episodes.
Such fun - a Harry Potter, Indiana Jones mystery with soap opera tendencies.  It is hard not to watch all the episodes back to back.
This is a fun way to end an evening before bedtime. The 3rd season has well defined characters.Don't look for any great social message, this show is for amusement.
The look inside of how the high class wheel and deal in law was fascinating.  I particularly liked the debonnaire fast moving, smart attorney Gabriel Macht plays.  Jessica cusses too much.  She can be a shark in expensive clothing, but she does not need to act like a street urchin.  She already has the high ground.
I'm glad that Prime brought this show out. It's a quality program that keeps you watching. Can't wait until Friday to watch the next one.
we like the characters, and the acting is always top notch, as is the writing also. A must watch drama!
Each episode builds up after one another and keeps me interested. Gets you to talk about how the characters are and secretive some if them are.
Wow .... a gripping and interesting Movie all the way to the end. and watch out for the surprise ending. didn't see that coming !ok not the usual guy movie but I got into it lol so watch it with your significant other ...
Good material, Experienced cast. Should go a long way with the right writing team. Keep them coming. Loved it I did
This is an addictive show. Suspense that leaves you wanting to fast forward to next week so you can find out what is going to happen next.
I have Enjoyed Morgan Freeman in almost every movie he was in, and this one is no exception! He is Stunning as he plays the role as an author who lost his muse, due to his excessive drinking problem, until he meets a single mom who inspires him to return to his writing. The story is engaging as it grabs your attention, is dramatic and has funny scenes. Overall, Delightful And Entertaining. I would watch it again. Highly Recommended!
One of  the things I love about this show is that each episode never fails to intrigue and leaves you wanting more.
I loved it! I've been wanting to see this since it was first rumored in production a few years back! Its not a knockout, but for a PKD fan like me it has a few really sweet sucker punches. It is the first PKD movie to actually have the flavor of a PKD book - (kind of low budget, a bit off-handed and uneven in all the right ways) or that even remotely understands where Phil was coming from. Its very low key - most of the dialogue is delivered in whispers. There is a conversational tone that the film takes right out of PKD - by letting you eavesdrop on Phil's kind of intense thought during basketball games, dinners, business meetings, spousal arguments and dentist visits. There is no furious action, but there is a constant and rapid undercurrent of danger and paranoia that Phil would have loved.Nick Scarfe does a nice job balancing paranoia with excitement as he comes to grips with VALIS. Alanis Morissette exemplifies the PKD lost cause.All actors are very matter of fact and undemonstrative in ways that suit the material. More dramatic performances would have gotten in the way of putting PKD's ideas across. One of the biggest flaws I've seen in previous treatments of PKD is overacting.  Vivian Kaplan is a the perfect PKD antagonist, i.e the Dark Haired Girl and Shea Wigham as Phil strikes the right balance between obsession and skepticism, adding a point of sanity to the mix.I suspect that I will have more to say about it when I've watched the movie a second or third time.
We love Fresh Beat Band sooooo much that we actually bought tickets for our 3 year old to see them in concert in February! She loves them and aside from some silliness on the part of the character &#34;Twist&#34; it is positive, fun, enthusiastic and more than that...nice to listen to from the other room.
Love this entire series. All those revengeful hillbillies are definitely worth watching. Full of action, mystery, surprises, and just plain entertainment. Watch it . You'll love it
wow, a lot of opinions and a lot of insight into the development of digital media and the pros and cons vs. film media.  just a great documentary that dives into the issue with some fantastic cinematographers (DPs) and directors. emulsions vs. picture elements (pixels)
Naturally you have to watch the rest of the series for this one to rank, but it most certainly does and is worthy of your time.
We have watched since season 1. We will continue to watch as the seasons come out.we love the grandpa!
And I mean that in every way ;). She looks so pure and innocent. As I said about &#34;Strangers With Candy&#34; I am not sure this series could be shown on TV these days because it isn't politically correct enough. Too many people have forgotten how to laugh at themselves any more.I have also heard that Sarah is kind of like she is in this series in real life in the sense that she is outspoken and sometimes people are offended by her honesty and political incorrectness. Lighten up America (and others), humor and laughing at oneself is better medicine than anything a doctor could give you.
at this time i would like to say that i am crushing like crazy on Captain Jack Harkness. i have NOT yet seen Miracle Day (it is due out on dvd tomorrow--FINGERS CROSSED!!!), but i am truly sad that the TINY MINDS of the world might let Torchwood die, without closure. i PRAY (c'mon, pray with me.) that the 50th Anniversary Doctor Who season will include Jack--it really should.John Barrowman plays Jack, and is a really lovely person--i hope nothing but happiness, for him, and everyone he loves.
Why? OMG I would pee in my pants because I am laughing so hysterically This is really well written and very good acting  by everyone they do a great job of it and that is just a testament to the creator and the writers and actors. This is fabulous almost makes me want to be a republican voter....a  l  m  o s t
It's too bad they didn't take this series further, because it was actually really well done.  It takes a much darker approach than the rest of the Stargate series, which I really liked.  It didn't try to be funny, but instead focused on the classic questions and sense of wonder that make sci-fi great.For those who liked the cheesy jokes and two-dimensional characters of the other Stargate series, this probably isn't for you, which is most likely why it was so short-lived.  For those who tolerated the other series but prefer something with a little more depth and intelligence, then this is the Stargate series for you.I enjoyed the complexity of the characters, who could be both villains and heroes and still maintain the lead roles.  I also enjoyed the constant suspense, sense of exploration, and the quest for ultimate understanding that drove the plot.  I guess when it comes to intelligent sci-fi on TV, getting cancelled is just destiny.
American Experience delivers insight into the politics, personalities, and historical perspectives of six presidents. Covered are FDR, Truman, LBJ, Nixon, Carter, and Reagan. Just to be clear, I did not buy this. I watched it on Amazon Instant Video. I especially enjoyed FOR as it covers the Depression, World War II, and the effects of polio. Beautifully narrated by Historian David McCullough I recommend watching all or part of this 17 episode presentation.
Like the chartersStories are believable if you like scfiWish there were more seasons, just started to really get to know the whole plot
Well? What we have here (like in Breaking Bad's character, "Professor White" is an easy going likable guy sliding down a path into evil deeds. This time, though, his allie in crime is a seasoned sociapath, unlike the novice kid Walt used to teach in class. The paths of the two men constantly cross as somehow Lester Nygard, follows his mentor (Malvo).down a path of evil to Hell. Lester could redeem himself, but he chooses worse & worse things to do that make him as much if a badass as Malvo.  Billy Bob Thorton as Malvo sends  shivers down my spine.  Considering his award winning role in Slingblade this definitely replaces the bumbling retard he played in that role.  Though, in Slingblade there was a certain amount of justification for his actions, in Fargo I don't see much.
Love this show and love having the DVD's to watch anytime I wish. I am looking forward to purchasing seasons 7, 8 and 9 (when available) to complete my collection. We purchased seasons 1-6 for Christmas :-)
It's curious George what's not to like....plus my kids looooove watching it.Just to let you know amazon, some reviews are just short :-( not happy about having to add more words
a real fan of body of proof.  hate show got cancelled.  dana delany love her shoes an stocking will be missed
My ten-year-old loves this show and I am so glad he can watch it now that it's off the air on Amazon. Cute!
The writers have built great characters and given depth. Has humor, romance, adventure - what more would you want?  Great series
Brilliant hilarious concept, drunk semi-celeb storyteller and a B list  lreenactment using the audio of the Drunk narrator (almost a live-action version of Creature Comforts, in which interviews are turned into claymation).
I am a Dr Who fan from way back... like I use to watch when I was in my teens... late 60's with Tom Baker as the Doctor (last seen on Monarch of the Glen)... FX have improved greatly and I am in love with Amy Pond (a red-headed Scott)... I am waiting for Part 2 to be Prime!
Now I will have to go back to just hating politicians.  &#60;sigh&#62; So limiting.  Hands down this has brought some of the best actors and  writers to TV.  For those of you who think 'The Wire' is better...all I can say is you are out of your ever-lovin' minds.  I have never enjoyed disliking so many people in all my years of watching TV.  It has been to TV drama what Seinfeld was to TV comedy.
I still can't believe this show was cancelled this season. With 12 different cop shows staying on forever the one about special forces with good characters gets cancelled? I still enjoy watching this show time after time.
This show is crazy sexy, action packed, and insanely well executed. Every episode is like watching a Movie quality show week after week. Michael Weston is a spy that's been burned over and over again every time he thinks he gains his freedom he's on the outs again. Fiona is his sexy gun runner of a girlfriend who he fell in love with while undercover in Bellfast and is also part of his team that takes on clients that need help resolving problem that sometime need to happen quickly with out a whole lot of questions and a lot of finesse. Then there's Sam Axe Michael Buddy from his military days. He's a ladies man that likes a women that can show him some love by sharing their wealth. While Michael Weston LOVES his yogurt Sam Axe LOVES a good drink. Lastly to the team is Jessie an ex spy that got burned by Michael trying to clear his name who now works in private Security and sometimes uses his jobs resources to help the foursome out to get the job done at any cost. Lastly theirs Michael's chain smoking mother who is always in need of a favor and while she may be on social security she's got some skills of her own and is either hiding out when things get tough for Michael and the team or kickin ass and taking names herself. A great thrilling ensemble spy/drama/action packed/thriller. Can't beat this show!!!
I love this show. The talent, the music, the fun! A show that hits on a lot of emotions....fun! I can watch these shows over & over again
No spoilers.I LOVED this season. The division in the tribes was incredibly entertaining and I loved seeing the drama that played out because of it. There's several big name players that come from this season and for good reason - they're amazing Survivors and a lot of fun to watch.If you're looking to spend money on a season of Survivor, it doesn't get much better than this. I highly recommend.
This is one of my favorite comfort series and is great for a good cheer up.  Hyacinth's life revolves around appearing &#34;better&#34; than her station would really allow and is hilarious.  Having someone of high quality nod at her in her mind makes her best friends that she can brag about.  Patricia Routledge is excellent in her role as are the actors her play her husband, friends and family.  If you haven't seen this show, you need to.  You won't be disappointed!
I was slow to grasp the full picture, but very interesting-almost British-like in the setting and plot lines...can't wait to see the next season--when will you have it for Prime members?
I wish the actors had watched &#34;La Fea Mas Bella&#34; so they woujld have learned to do a love scene.  Judy and Alistair particularly need help from Letty and Fernando.
This is an exciting and action packed series. Caveats go to the script writing and never ending surprises. Truly an adventure in espionage.
I really enjoy this series.  I have purchase all the films.  Great series.  They are a lot of fun. Thumbs up.
Just for the interactions of the ensemble in what is the most thick of plots written by a core of excellent writers and performed by an even more excellent ensemble to the point of establishing what it takes to make a difference, BRAVO!
Nothing sacred has been spared on this series but the characters and writers have made their handling of each topic very funny! Over and over I can play each episode -and I do- and not get bored. It is a very good series.
This is pretty gruesome for me, but I still had to watch.  I quit watching some series flat out because of the gruesome scenes, but I just couldn't stop watching this one.  It took me a while to get into it, as it's really not the time period I like to watch, but my husband wanted to watch it and I was very surprised at how good it was.
This series is pretty high budget and the re-enactments very realistic.  But the best, or at least most engaging part of the program, is the way crash investigators piece together the problems that caused the crash.  Really makes you wonder about the safety of air travel and the human/machine interactions that take place in the cockpit and in the traffic control tower.
I really hope this pilot gets made into a series.  I've enjoyed Micheal Connelly's books for years and I know I'd enjoy these shows as well.
I love this show. The stars are great together. Love Alex O'loughlin as Steve McGarrett & Scott Caan as Danny Williams that partnership makes the show.  Like Daniel dae kim & Grace Park too. The shots of Hawaii are also the stars of the show. EXCELLENT show.
either this or the rebels is going to get made it is a good cop drama  however it ends on a cliffhanger so if it isn't made you will need to read the book to find out what happens
The fifth and final season of one of my favorite shows, &#34;Fringe&#34;. This season finds our team in 2036, trying to overthrow the Observers who have taken over our planet. 13 episodes with extras that include &#34;A farewell to Fringe&#34; - Reflections from JJ Abrams, JH Wyman and cast, episode commentary, gag reel, and unaired scenes.We have all the Fringe seasons on blu ray, even though it is readily available on Netflix and Amazon digitally. Why? Because it is important to me - I loved this show and faithfully watched it every night that it was on, from the beginning to the end. Sure, like all of JJ's shows it wandered off here and there, but the cast and the characters they played, kept it real, kept it entertaining, kept me involved. Walter, Olivia, Peter, Astro...Astrid, Nina, and yes, William Bell, are some of the most creative, well written characters to ever grace television.If you have ever watched this show and lost interest, come back. You won't be disappointed.
Wow this series just keeps getting better each season. This set is another fabulous edition to the collection. Kirkman and company never fail to entertain. Often when watching the show on cable tv it is interrupted with allot of commercials. This is a great way to watch the show again without the need to be bothered by them. Some people DVR this show but you still have to go out of your way to fast fwd through them and that can be an annoying task.
Didn't read the book but the series draws you in and you can't wait for the next episode! Love it!
Fun to watch and romantic movie series about the book Pride and Prejudice, and I am glad they did this series, it was nice to see it.
Korra is a fast paced, excellently written animated series for all ages.  I would recommend it for anyone's video library.
I have watched Grey's Anatomy from season 1...and own each season downloaded on my Kindle Fire.
I love mysteries, crime scene shows, etc. The way they approached this series is fascinating!! You are given the victim and killer at the beginning of the show. The characters in this show are terrific!!
Vikings had a rough start, the first few episodes found itself struggling with identity...did it want to be Game of Thrones? did it want to be a serious drama? comedy? historical documentary?....but at the start of the forth episode things got smoothed out and turned into a amazing, fantastic show...even early on, there was a immediate danger present that keeps you glued...gorgeous, brutal, and serious....VIKINGS is amazing. not for kids.right on, History Channel!!
Very well done.  Great characters done by excellent actors.  The casting is superb.  The story is thoughtful and the hook is engaging.  The dialog was very sharp and well done. I really like the music score as well. I can't wait for this to become a full time show.  Very funny
Foyles War is brilliant.  The characters are great.  The history is real.  Truly a realistic view of the great generation.
22 Episodes on 6 DVD Discs, being released November 9, 2010Tim Roth continues to star as Dr. Cal Lightman on drama series, "Lie To Me" created by Samuel Baum about the science that goes into discovering who is lying and who is telling the truth in a variety of different situations. Dr. Lightman and his staff are hired to solve crimes, help the FBI, prosecutors, and even small ventures like which child is responsible in the classroom for a missing turtle. This ability makes him a force to be reckoned with at work and frustratingly complex at home.Tim Roth is delightfully quirky and very stubborn. His character is based off the real-life scientist, Dr. Ekman but only remotely, the two are about as different as two people can be. Lightman is divorced but has an on-again, off-again relationship with his ex-wife, the lawyer played by Jennifer Beals. His daughter, Emily is adorable and played by Hayley MacFarland. She is always in the process of proving to him how grown-up she can be by helping around the office and asking to be treated as a mature adult even while trying to get her driver's license and a car through this season. Besides noticing his attractive best friend/business partner and ex-wife, Lightman gets a fling with Melissa George who guest stars for a few episodes in this season as a wealthy widow interested in the science behind the man who sees through lies.Working with Lightman is his best friend and source of occasional sexual tension, Dr. Gillian Foster played by Kelli Williams. She is sweet, optimistic, and mothering to everyone around her despite not having children of her own to dote upon and has a hand in helping Cal with Emily's problems. Brendan Hines plays Eli Loker, a radical truthist who dabbles in telling everyone the truth about whatever he is thinking whenever he is thinking it during the first season. Near the end of the first season, he was caught in his first lie and after a long journey back to trust he has eased off the maniacal behavior in the second season and spends most of it trying to get a date and pining after his co-worker Ria Torres played by Monica Raymund. Torres' used to work in airport security until she was recruited by the Lightman Group in the pilot episode due to her ability as a "natural". She had the talent and skill, but not the specific science to back it up so after some honing, she is an essential part of the team.In Season 2, the stakes are higher than ever before as the Lightman Group has to do everything from stopping a bomb blowing up nearby their building to finding a missing amateur poker player hours before the equivalent of WSOP Final Table begins to identifying what went wrong to cause a soldier's PTSD with a virtual reality video game to determining if a young hot widow (Melissa George) murdered her husband for his money. Emily's life is put in danger a few times to scare Lightman away from cases and Emily comes into the office to help a few times as with a schoolmate's sister revealing why she ran away and joined the porn industry.This series really fit into some of my movie watching nights inbetween "House" and "Law and Order" as every episode had a case and a mystery to solve through science/evidence. Dr. Lightman is no Dr. House, however. He tries to be off-the-wall and unexpected but misses some of that charisma needed to truly pull it off. The science was really fascinating in the first season and in the second season, they ease off showing how the Lightman Group is noticing things in order to speed up the show, but it loses a little of that fun where as a member of the audience, you want to try and learn something to use in your next poker game. It always seems like someday it would be ideal for Lightman and Foster to get together, but it seems like it will never happen because they are too good of friends for that. It is entertaining on a pretty average level now and I just can't get as excited for a new episode like I would for "House" or some of my favorite finished shows, "24", "Law and Order" (WHY did they cancel it?? The original is the BEST!), and "LOST."Bonus Features:There are extended and deleted scenes from several of the episodes and a gag reel where everyone makes silly faces and flub lines. After the series began, Dr. Ekman began to be concerned that people in real life would forget it was a fictional series based in science and try to use things learned on the show for actual court trials, etc. so he began a blog to explain how conclusions were reached in each show. Seeing as how Dr. Lightman has about forty minutes to find an answer that would take real-life Dr. Edman considerably longer, he felt it was necessary to connect the dots and ease his worries about the use of the science outside the show.The most interesting featurette is "Dr. Ekman/Dr. Lightman - Lie Detection Tutorial" that introduces the man fully to the audience and his staff and they even dissect some of the individual interview segments with Samuel Baum and cast members to determine if they are telling the truth, embarrassed, etc. It is pretty interesting and "Eli Loker: An Honest Man" talks about his radical honesty tangent and how that would end up playing out in the real world and what signs to look for to find out if a girl is into you.
I bought all the seasons of this show. I love the show and its creativity. Too bad the unintelligent executives decided to cancel the show. This seems to be a current theme. Idiots canceling wonderful shows.
Where else do you see black garlic, mini wheat cereal and clams as ingredients to a appetizer?  There are ingredients that you rarely see in the grocery store and it is interesting to see what they will come up with next!
i love this show so much it me and my friends watch it all day long i love it.thank you
&#34;Hannibal&#34; is a tasty slice of heaven. Episode after episode, the viewer is left squirming with both the horror of the physical violence and the psychological torture characters must endure. There is no chance for a good feeling here. Dr. Lecter and the rest of the crew have their own brand of mind-games they play on the others.Certainly, the story line is a departure from the Thomas Harris novels. The novels were wondrous, well written, and very creepy. This series is intended to capture that creepiness with the same sharp writing and sense of wonder. Sure, the relationship with &#34;Hannibal the Cannibal&#34; by Will is implausible, but that's alright for the series. The key to enjoying the show is to just know the characters and stop there.
Watch this with my daughter all the time. keeps her interested. she calls every dog 'blue'added all the seasons to watchlist!
Wonderful series, found it by accident, after seeing an advertisement for season 2. Had read As the Crow Flies in my reading group and really enjoy the book  So decided to start watching this series and fell in love with the very first episode.  Wonderful set of characters.  Enjoying every episode
Excellent program glad to see it back great story line. Jack is back in thick of it, fast pace and holds your attention. You never know what's next!
I just learned the series was inspired by the recently released KGB files.  Very Cool, very scary, very good show.I am miffed that Season 2 must be purchased and is not included in my Amazon Prime membership (same with Boardwalk Empire another very good show).
I love Tom Selleck and Donnie Wahlberg, the acting is first rate. Great family  drama. I am looking forward to the next season.
One of the best seasons of one of the best TV series ever. Love that the entire series is now available through Amazon Prime.
Very interesting......this show makes me feel good about myself and helps me keep my house clean!
Legal dramas seem to be either too violent or too intense given the cases and internal politics the attorneys and their associates have to deal with.  THIS one is like none other.  The cases are interesting, the characters complex and with just enough quirkiness, and the basis premise of the show completely unique and just plain fun.
Lots of good episodes with this season. Others who have checked it oiut of the library have said how much they have enjoyed it as well.
I started watching Mike & Molly this year. I am always laughing out loud and realized that was good before going to bed. I tape the show and watch it at the end of my day. I love all the personalities which is what makes it so good. Thanks for creating a show that keeps me laughing, there are not many out there.
Considering that most True Crime shows that feature 're-enactments' seem to be done on the cheap, and awful lot of cost and thought has gone into this series, with the period perfectly recreated in costume and set design, as well as excellent filming and editing. A bit on the short side (each episode is only half an hour) but well worth the $1.99 to stream. I loved it.
Great season of a great show. Entertaining, fairly educational and love that they keep a fairly good mix of budgets, locations, and couple-types. I am years away from looking for a home myself, but it's still very fun to watch.
I  loved this season so much, it was tensely plotted and very well acted. I will admit not all episodes were winners but the over all arc worked very well.
Season one sets the tone, pace and wildly engrossing phenomenon known as 'Dex'; a doughnut buying, deftly sincere serial killer who lives by a code.I'm often asked 'how can you watch a show about a serial killer?&#34; Easy, if the plots are interwoven, the circumstances bizarre and the outcomes unpredictable. I hope it stays off network TV, they don't deserve Dexter.
My problem with Season 2 of "The Walking Dead" is that it dragged and dragged and DRAGGED. Not the case with Season 3! Wow, so much happens this season and you will be on the edge of your seat the whole time. I won't give away any spoilers, but just know that NO ONE is safe and every single character can and very well may die at any given moment, which is one of the things that makes this show so great. Also, the additions of two new characters this season, Michonne and the infamous Governor, are not to be missed. Both actors bring amazing depth to their characters and really make this season of the show the best yet. Can't wait for Season 4!
Kookie, but intelligently written. This series did not last long. Great cast, and early &#34;Phil&#34; before &#34;Modern Family&#34; I like the humour. I am a Woody Allen fan. Refreshingly adult comedy. No low humor here. Just a &#34;witty&#34; good time.
Yes, and who cares.  The imagination can conjure up just about anything one wants to believe to be true..  The main theme being aliens long ago directed these different cultures in producing artifacts that today are interpreted to be complex beyond the ability of the times.  I don't think so.  Who knows what thousands or more years ago was a certainty or just myth.
Very well made show. One of the more creative comedies around. Some of the humor is a bit ridiculous, but what good comedy isn't.
This is a great show and every season it gets better. Can not wait for Season 6 to start this Tuesday!
All my kids love this show. It is funny without being too over the top. Even though the series is over - they still like to watch past seasons!
Get rid of money and have them teach us how to barder. We can learn economics from these guys. Chumlee is a great sidekick.
This has been a great season.  It will be interesting to see where they go in season two.  Really enjoyed having the series available on Amazon Prime.
5 stars for another great reality showI find this show thrilling and also a bit DangerousI like the Gold that they recover, would highly recommend this show.
Butter-free!  (I hate Butters.)Woww, how awesome is this episode.  Is Goth vs. Emo the speech impediment pronunciation of God vs. Evo?  Evo is how you pronounce Evil with a Cantonese accent.There are some extra treats in this including Edgar Allen Poe as a shoutout to the cult members on The Following and the failed impersonation of Robert Carlyle as Rumplestiltskin by the Vampire Kids' leader.The hairflip on Pete is always hilarious and we learn he lives in an RV, Henrietta likes to theme her room to match her identity - how calculating, Mike is part Asian and hilariously his parents used to be hot according to the family photos in the background and Ferkle (kind of like Fred Burkle only really not)'s gender is still undetermined.This episode if about nothing else - gives up the names of the Goth Kids.
I could watch Survivor every day and not get tired of it.  It is better than watching hourly drama's that you already know the ending to.
Enjoyed the characters immensely; well developed personalities.  The season kept me interested and excited for the next episode. Love it that it is on Prime to watch streaming.
If you value some time for your kids to wind down and they are just not up for a story. Little Bear takes children on an adventure using Little Bear's fun and wholesome imagination.
Good story. Plenty of action. Family ties.  Not draggy. New look for aliens .different from the norm. Good for syfi lovers
What can I really objectively say, I am a total BSG junky and this was a great season.  The writers and actors really put a human face on a concept of a maybe not so distant future and then make the characters human in every sense.  Fos BSG junkies this is a season of healing after a traumatic start to the season and it's one of those seasons where you have to see it from beginning to end to really see this season unfold.
Interesting characters, attractive women, conflict with the boss (at multiple levels). An intelligent blind guy who supports the principal character adds interest for me.
AWESOME SHOW........I DIDN'T GET TO SEE THE PILOT ....NOW I HAVE & GET THE BACKGROUND OF THE SHOW LOT MORE
Great one-liners...Lots of Action...Crazy Characters...Plots that pull you in...This series will make you wish for 90 min episodes. and a full length movie...
Be clear about what you are getting here. This is not a documdrama about actual events. It's a completely fabricated story with fictional characters based on things that happened in the 80's.So you have to enjoy this as a fictional story, not as a dramatized version of reality.That being said the opening episode was really captivating. I mean it's a challenge to get viewers glued to their seats watching 2 nerds hack a bios chip using LED's on a bread board to spell out individual characters in hexidecmial code, but somehow AMC pulled it off!I was so captivated that I kept getting angry when it went to commercial.The lead character (Joe MacMillian, played by Lee Pace) is a complete ass. Sort of like a Don Draper type, and it's a safe bet that AMC is looking to capture that essense with this character since it worked so well in Mad Men. You want to hate him, but you can't help but to be impressed by him.The chief software engineer (Gordon Clark, played be Scoot McNairy) is an everyman's anti-hero. He is a simple family man who most of us can relate to. He has a ton of potential in terms of his computer engineering abilities. But in order to use his talent he has to do something semi illegal by reverse engineering how IBM bios software was written on their proprietary chip. He doesn't intend to just copy IBM's work. He just intends to look at it to see how it's made, similar to a chair maker lookign at another chair to see how it's put together. So you find yourself rooting for him.The female lead (Cameron Howe, played by Mackenzie Davis) is not a well explored character in the pilot so it's hard to see where they are going with her. (The poilot focusses heavily on the engineer) But she is a young college student who the other two need for her software skills.The pilot probably should have been a 2 hour premier event as I feel like they crammed too much into the 1 hour episode to get the story arc kicked off. I expect the later episodes to devle into detail a bit more.Its just an interesting story that's VERY well acted and VERY well filmed that is well worth an hour of your time to try out.Update after Episode 2...They explored the Cameron Howe character a lot more in this episode. She's still a bit of a mystery as far as her back story, but they open up her current life more. She's a scared kid with a ton of potential who's pretending to be self assured and confident. She is aware that she knows computers (both software and hardware) better than anyone else she is working with. But she also is aware that she knows nothing about the computer business, which is the driving force for everything she is doing.And she is aware that she is in the middle of something that could either make her a millionaire or get her thrown in jail but she doesn't have control over her fate. She just has to play her roll in the whole Bios/PC development process and hope it works out on her favor. So she's scared and she tries to hide that by overcompensating her exterior toughness. She is a very interesting character and Mackenzie Davis, who plays the role, her really sells those emotions.Joe MacMillian (Main guy) has his past vulnerabilities eluded to as well, which deepens his character.The season is through Episode 4 as I update this now....The show continues to be good. The fun part about it is that the underlying plot (people building a computer) isn't a surprise at all. There are no shockers there because you know what is going to happen. You know that they are going to build a computer than is smaller, faster, cheaper than IBM's because you know this actually happened in real life and this is a story dramatizing those events. (With totally fictitious characters and companies). Yet somehow, even though you know exactly what they are trying to build, you end up riveted to the show wondering how it's all going to unfold.The computer building is just the underlying plot though. The real drama is in the characters and how they interact.
A great little slice of life thing ... think "The Office" meets "Napoleon Dynamite".  This did what a good pilot is SUPPOSED to do ... created a unique little world with it's own rules, had humor but also heart, and most importantly ... left me wanting MORE.  Good job to everyone involved with this.
Just when you think chef Ramsey couldn't do any more, he does. This series was really good.  We like the way he cares about what is happening.  He helps people who almost seem like they don't want help.  He is great at taking on egos since he has a large one.  He did a nice job calling people out and getting them to see what needs to change.  Nicely done Gordon!
I like the science behind sci-fi and love to hear different theories so this is right down my alley. We don't have regular TV like cable or satellite so we watch Amazon Prime streaming on our PS3 and buy DVDs. Now we watch what we want when we want and don't filter a lot of crap to get to the good stuff!
The crazy, absurd police officers of the Reno sheriff's department return for more wild antics in season six of Reno 911!, Comedy Central's popular mockumentary-style parody of law enforcement documentary shows, most specifically COPS. In this show, comic actors play the police officers and engage in a series of improvised (and absolutely absurd) sketches using a broad outline and minimally scripted material. The cops aren't real. The situations aren't real... but the laughs are definitely real.At the beginning of season six, viewers are introduced to two new characters: Deputy Frank Rizzo (Joe Lo Truglio) and Sergeant Jack Declan (Ian Roberts), who were brought in to pick up the empty spots left by Deputy Sergeant Class II Clementine "Clemmie" Johnson (Wendi McLendon-Covey) and Deputy Cherisha Kimball (Mary Birdsong) after they were (supposedly) killed in the massive explosion at the end of season five. While it's easy to miss the fallen deputies, Frank and Jack are acceptable replacements who help inject new life into an aging series.Rizzo and Declan are quickly inducted into the wacky, everyday occurrences in the lives of the Reno sheriff's department. From roller-skating prostitutes and serial killers to awkward dinner parties with exes and a "stoner Jesus," Reno's finest continue their eccentric adventures while refusing to shy away from "unacceptable" topics.As in previous seasons, the all of the characters are brought to vivid, zany life by a funny funny cast with some of the best improvisation talent on television. Lieutenant Jim Dangle (Thomas Lennon) is particularly notable as the in-the-closet head of the Reno sheriff's department. This season also features guest appearances by Rachel Harris, Scott Thompson, George Lopez, and others.This DVD set includes all 15 episodes of season six in their complete, politically incorrect and uncensored versions. The set also includes a collection of alternate and deleted scenes, hilarious extended outtakes, in-depth audio commentary from the cast members, and two profiles that introduce newcomers Deputy Frank Rizzo (Truglio) and Sergeant Jack Declan (Roberts).While much of the humor here is highly juvenile and politically incorrect, it will send viewers rolling with their sides splitting open. Some sketches are incredibly dumb, while others will leave viewers cringing or even make viewers wonder why on earth they are laughing at something so indecent or inappropriate. Reno 911! is filled with the kind of humor that will offend any and every group on the face of the planet, make proponents of politically correct humor cry, and those with weak constitutions lose their lunches.For viewers who can get past all of that, this series is absolutely hilarious. It hits nearly every taboo subject right on the head -- ranging from cultural slurs and stereotypes to highly adult content. While not every sketch is packed with laughs, each episode leaves something funny with viewers and will make them hungry for more Reno.
I'm addicted to this show!  Love the characters and the intrigues each episode. Check it out, especially if you are prime, it's free!
The nice thing about this series that makes it different from the others is all of these include animals in the stories. Nice little twist to make it stand out. This is one of my top 3 ghost series & I love it & highly recommend it! I also suggest: #1 &#34;Paranormal Witness&#34; #2 & #3 come in a close tie, &#34;My Ghost Story&#34; & &#34;The Haunted&#34;
5 Stars!  Great story lines, interesting, fine actors and all-around terrific viewing.More, please, please.  This story has quality and love the lead actors.  All goodlooking and believable.
I am not familiar with the book on which this is based but anything with Titus Welliver is worth the time. After seeing him play bad guys for so long (my favorite is The Good Wife), it's good to see him on the other side. While the show is verrrrrrrrrry slow, I'll just chalk that up to 'establishing characters'.  It certainly has potential and I look forward to seeing more episodes.
When I first read about this show, I was intrigued by the premise, and I haven't been disappointed yet--not in one single episode.  The whole cast is terrific, the writing is amazing, and it manages the balance between funny and sad and frightening really, really well, so that I always feel satisfied with the quality of the story telling.
I have always tried to watch this movie every Christmas since I was a teenager.  I am so busy now, that I have trouble watching it on TV. I rented this movie and watched it on my PC when I had some free time. Very good quality.
I watched the first season and loved it. This second one is just as good. Love how they use the same actors from the first one in this one, but in entirely different roles.
Amazing storytelling, great acting -- what more do you want from a television series? So smart -- and the scenery, holy cow!! Only wish there were more episodes.
Great idea to start allowing folks to share their home videos of their paranormal experiences, LOVE IT! I'm a &#34;to-the-bone&#34; cynic, and won't watch those re-enactments of paranormal experiences, why bother? Anyone can make something up. These producers should have enough material for the next twenty years of shows. Keep sending them in folks, I'll watch your home video. I have yet to see an episode I had doubts with. Check 'em out.
As a history buff, I have always wondered about the farthest reach of the Viking explorers.  Although there is no clue about this in the Preview, I think I will give this a try when Episode 1 is available.
Fantastic and thought provoking.  Can we make it a requirement for the US Congress to watch and write a summary of the message it is communicating?
since the election SNAFU of 2000, i have been waiting for ANYONE to take that endless source of brilliant comedy material, and make something beautiful out of it! the entire reTHUGlican party have dedicated every moment of existence since that garden party at William F. Buckley's place in Sharon, CT in 1960 to the absolute subjugation of all whom disagree with them on any subject, for any reason at all. the 43rd US Presidential Administration did more damage to the entire human community (and the world as a whole) than any administration before, and pop-eyed, dumb-founded historians will shake their heads slowly in utter amazement so long as human history continues to exist in any recognisable manifestation, and any slightly objective verso of that story remains to be told.Garry Trudeau is a peerless political satirist, and Doonesbury has kept the literate public in stitches since 1970, and this live-action creation is long overdue, IMHO...in 1975, Garry Trudeau became the first comic strip artist to win a Pulitzer--a distinction previously reserved for Op/Ed page cartoonists.everything about this show is PERFECT, and i CANNOT WAIT for more episodes to come!!!
If you enjoy British television then you really need to watch this one. The acting is amazing and it is so funny in a very  believable way.
&#34;Survivor: Cagayan&#34; should serve as a template for the show creators for future seasons.  &#34;Survivor&#34; doesn't need gimmicks or contrived scenarios to appeal to the masses.  Instead, its inherent formula of competition and human drama is usually enough.  It certainly was this season!When Survivor first started out all the way back in the summer of 2000, it truly felt &#34;real&#34;.  It only took about 4-5 seasons, though, for the producers to start messing with the formula.  More specifically, less focus on the surviving elements and almost complete focus on the personalities.  That is why I only watched one Survivor cycle from 2002-2013.  It just felt really contrived.  I honestly thought I would never watch the show again.In more recent seasons (best exemplified by this one), the show has morphed again...this time for the better.  The old days of actually surviving and proving your worth are long gone and will likely never be back.  I understand that.  What has finally evolved in its place, though, can be described in one word: gamesmanship.  Instead of beating us over the head with loony personalities (although that sometimes does still occur more than I'd like), &#34;Survivor&#34; is now all about &#34;playing the game&#34;.  Richard Hatch would be so proud!Simply put, the Survivor strategy now is to get a bunch of people who are just pumped to be competing and then watch the blind-sides occur!  For me, it will never quite be as good as those ground-breaking early efforts, but it is SO much better than the over-the-top ridiculousness they had on the air for so many years.I won't talk about specific people/events from this season to stay away from spoilers, but this season followed a pretty standard Survivor arc:-There is an opening gimmick (Brains/Beauties/Brawn) which gets old after about 20 minutes.  But, as any true fan of the show knows, Survivor doesn't become Survivor until the merge (!).-No Redemption Island (in my mind, the worst gimmick in show history).  As such, the most dramatic moment of the show (the vote-off) remains intact.-Some very balanced challenges that don't give too many people instant advantages.  There is almost always a physical and mental aspect to each challenge.After the 2004 All-Star Edition of &#34;Survivor&#34; (where the &#34;old form&#34; died and the &#34;new form&#34; began to take over), I never thought I would watch another Survivor cycle again, much like give one five stars.  But, Cagayan proved to be entertaining week after week.  I still always look at this show with a wary eye, but at least I know that high drama is still possible from it.
After watching all 5 seasons in a row all I can say to all involved is Thanks for the ride. This is one of the best shows that ever hit tv. Great stories interesting characters and 5 seasons worth to treasure. The show's last season is a great way to end the show. I really believe that next to Battlestar Galactica that Fringe also hit new highs in the sci fi genre. As always the best shows havew the best drama. Well done  tv at it's best.
I like this show. It's another reality based show that makes me cheer for some of the bidders and boo the others. It also shows that your can either find trash or cash in unwanted storage lockers.
Rarely does this series disappoint. Great adventure and mystery peopled by a wonderful ensemble cast. You get swept up in the fun the cast seems to be having. The added bonus of no commercials makes it all a breathless fun house ride. Tall tales meet a police procedural -- great fun and a great escape!
What more can I say?  I have purchased the first three seasons of the show, and I am purchasing season 4 shows as they become available.
Loved it. I have always wondered what was the hype around this show. Now I know. This show is amazing.
Once again, my son introduced me to the enjoyable benefits of cable searies over the regular network TV. &#34;Justified&#34; far exceeds the fodder on regular network TV. Catching up for the new season.
great family normalities! nice to see siblings doing normal things and makes the point about how different we all are even within the tight familyl
You might have your favorite Dr, but I love them all. Each season brings new surprises and excitement, and introduces exciting new characters.
I heard about this show, I started watching other USA showa and I'm glad I chose this one and I'm glad I did
I was immediately hooked. Great cast and a scandalous plot make for an entertaining show! Kerry Washington is truly sensational on it
Love any show about Alaska. It's pretty cool to see how a family can live off the land. Waiting for season 4.
Funny, fresh, nuanced and deeply humanistic..  Both are excellent actors with a wide range and cute to boot!  2 more words: watch them!
Hell on wheels gets much better as the program progresses from one episode to the next. If you only watched the first one or two episodes you may not be very impressed with the show at first. As the episodes progress the characters get more interesting and the story as well. The only problem with this program is that they've taken on a very big subject with a very low budget. If you go to their website and look at the production information you'll see what I mean. Considering the program renewed for another season may be the budget will be bigger and the producers will be able to present a better picture of just how grueling it was to build that railroad. If the storyline has the characters stay in one location as it would appear to be headed at the end of the first season the show will probably not see a third season. With a program like Deadwood you can have a show that is primarily character driven but when you have a show about building a railroad you need more than that. Nevertheless when the program returns in early 2013 I will definitely buy it.
I am from an Italian heritage and love the culture, but I am also an American, I don't expect everyone to speak to me in my cultural language.  My father did not speak very good english, but if I spoke in Italian he would scold me and tell me to speak English!!  We have a melting pot of great cultures in this country and we celebrate them all, AS AMERICANS! We need to assimilate to this country (America) and that is what really makes us unified&#8230;..
Great for background noise. keeps you interested and entertained yet you do not have to sit and watch the whole thing.
Very funny. Some of the comedians were funnier than the others. We were laughing so hard the dog thought something was wrong with us
I never watched until I started streaming it...this is a great series and I am hooked I wonder if it is still in procduction.
Mike, Frank and Danielle are funny and great characters.  The show is educational too.  As they find old items during their &#34;picks&#34;... many times a quick history lesson pops up as to who, what, where, when and why it was invented! You'll get hooked on this one.
Tosh is funny. Not very original more commentary/observational but still very funny. Mostly internet videos that are very funny. Funny
Awesome !!! I final feel like the whole in my heart left from the ending of Lost can finally be filled
Very clear and refreshing, looking forward to more episodes. Hope to see more talent and great writing continue in the drama. Amazon, pick this up!
&#34;Sometimes you just have to hold on to whatever you can.&#34; Nolan Hayes (Walker) and his wife Abigail (Rodriguez) are rushed to the hospital with pregnancy complications. Nolan is told he has a new baby girl who is having breathing problems and that his wife didn't make it. While he is trying to process this information the hospital begins to show signs of stress and panic. The doctor tells Nolan that his daughter must stay on the breathing machine for 48 hours, just when Nolan thinks he has had all he can take Hurricane Katrina hits. Before I started this my thought was, another Paul Walker movie...how can he do this without a car? Almost immediately I was sucked into the movie and didn't turn away until the end. This was not over-the-top or really that unbelievable and even though things kept getting worse I never once felt that they went too far. The movie stayed fast paced and tense the entire time and it was hard to look away from. The only problem I had with the movie (keep in mind I'm not 100% sure if this happened or not) was that almost instantly it seemed like New Orleans turned into something out of Mad Max, gunmen showing up and foraging for food and thinking killing is all of a sudden legal. Except for that aspect, which is only a small part, the movie was great and this is easily Paul Walkers best work. It makes me wonder if he wasn't in the crash if he would have made more of this type of movie or stay with &#34;I have car, I go fast&#34; movies. Overall, if you liked The Impossible you will love this one. A great movie to memorialize Walker with. If I was him this is the one I would want to be remembered for. I give this an A.
Great show....Would like to see more...Great drama, hope there is a season 2 coming soon....Cleverly played out story line.
Another season with the trials, tribulations, and victories in the wild and the bush of America.  Love this series and can't wait till the next season comes out.
The connection from season 1 to the opening of season 2 was fantastic and filled with anticipation. Really enjoy this show and the suspense building in season 2 is great... still watching it.
I love this movie! It had great special effects and a wonderful story line too! It is a movie that should not be missed!
I missed the opening show broadcast because I didn't realize it came back after 3 months so I needed to download the first episode. This way I can keep up with the rest of the season. It does have more minorities than ever before and one of the sexiest females to fill up a bikini. The one hunk who filled his trunks was also pretty stupid and was gone by the end.This season includes a former NBA star of 18 years, Cliff Robinson.
I was heartbroken they cancelled this series! STUPID NETWORKS! You will not be disappointed by this show, great acting, and we loved all the characters.
really i would have given a 4.25, but it was not an option. i am not a big fan of much on tv, but most of the time &#34;Bones&#34; leaves me happy i watched. Like the idea behind the story--brainy woman and macho man and their personal interactions. also like all the rest of the characters and the way they've been developed. very entertaining. often thought provoking. wonderful music. frankly i thought once bones and partner were married off the writers would be hard pressed to keep the story interesting. they have done very well and continue to make this story work.
In 40 years of viewing TV Sci-Fi, Fringe is way, way above all the others in writing, plot, suspence, drama and quality of actors. As far as I know, it is the only Sci-Fi that deals with behaviorial sciences and the relational psychologies between parents and children.  Unlike other reviewers, I believe the ending two seasons are much better developed from a psychological perspective than Seasons 1 to 3.  The concept of evil changes, there are no true heros and villians per se in the concluding seasons, not to mention the writers which in my opinion are extraordinary excellent, always lead the audience down one path and then at the last minute something unexpected happens.  It reminds of the legendary Hitchcock mysteries, and mystery more so than sci-fi horror forms the center of the 5th Season.  I found myself stuck to viewing one episode afer another because I could not wait to find out what happens next. Sorry to see the show go away but having Fringe conclude as a superior Sci Fi series is so much better than to have the show continue so long that it loses the WOW factor.
Season Two of the Gallagher clan introduces us to Granny Gallagher, who more than upholds the family tradition of bizarre behavior and brings us a new appreciation of Monica, who becomes less of a running gag and more of a fully developed character that we can relate to. a worthy addition to your collection.
I'm still trying to decide why we cannot produce as many strong television series as the BBC.  This has become one of my favorite shows.
My three year old grand daughter absolutely loves these, and she learns about all kinds of exotic animals.  When asked, she says, &#34;Diego, please&#34;.
This is the most impressive show on network TV.  The writers do a great job keeping everything suspenseful, but the real joy are the two main actors (Hugh Dancy & Mads Mikkelson).  These guys are the best!
Whether you believe or not, these are very entertaining. I hope Prime will add more seasons to their free programming!!!!
This is without a doubt one of my all time favorite shows.  It holds my attention from beginning to end and always leaves me wanting more.  I am not so patiently waiting for Season 4 to start.
It isn't often that a UNIQUE program is developed that is truly interesting, AND with a cast of Characters that effectively complement the SyFy program.  davzway RARELY gives a 5-Star rating ....Every once in awhile an original shows/concepts comes along that could go on forever.  Stargate was one.... Star Wars another....  While warehouse 13 may not have George Lucas directing or his budget... the cool concept is there.  All BS aside W13 is just FUN to watch.  Hope there are another four seasons in the future.  And don't forget how...Sometimes the good ones get canned- Captain Malcolm and Firefly should still be flying each week; revived with Serendipity and died.  Shame.
My DVR was acting up and I couldn't manage to record &#34;Last Resort&#34; when it aired, so I was pleased to discover I could get it at Amazon Prime.  As the title of my review says, it is a great concept, well-executed.  I was very disappointed to learn that ABC had already canceled it.
I do really like it because it is so well just like scary movies Sleepy Hollow, Along Came A Spider, Scream. Scream 2, The Haunting, Halloween, The scary shows, The Secret World Of Alex Mack, Are You Afraid Of The Dark, just like The Adventures Of Mary Kate and Ashley The Case Of Thorn Mansion, I like ickis, Oblina, and Krumm I do really like that one because it's animated and they scared the TV and the computer and they scared the police.
The Betas pilot was extremely funny and manages to appeal to the nerd/gamer/techie crowd without pandering to the lowest common denominator. I could potentially see Nash's character becoming a little annoying (he's a bit like Abed from 'Community'), but as of now all of the characters are well-written and relatable. I'm very interested to see where this series can go.
not your run of the mill show but fun to watch. each week has something new and out of the ordinary
my granddaughter loves to see all the different ways the girls are dressed up and the new hair styles they give them, she watched every chance she gets
Continues the theme of modern copycats for historic crime figures, drawing on the real activities of the Kray brothers in the 1960's.  Nice combination of the old and the new and continuing development of the relationship between Chandler and his team, particularly Miles.  Watching these episodes got me interested in reading about the Krays...lots of fun.
I really enjoyed this whole series.  I like series that have strong female leads and this one was great.  I am very sorry to see it end.
Year after year, I am never disappointed with White Collar.  Suspenseful, dramatic, funny, quirky, and no ongoing (if any) graphic and/or gory violence; what more can one ask for?Also, Matt Bomer is very very very easy on the eyes.  Bummer he's married.
My kids love Pocoyo.  They will sit still with their eyes glued to the screen, laughing and giggling the whole way thru the show.
favorite show ever, they are so smart and i love smart people, but i learn a lot about medicine and i lvoe lucy's fashion
Saw lots of new weapons and the show had a wide variety of weapons.  The finish was exhilarating and great!
I've loved it from the 1st episode.  They are like family to me lol. There have been some really big shockers.
Always love the series and this movie was great.  Hope there is more coming.  Kristen Bell is wonderful in this series.
Very good movie. The dark humor mixed with the disfunction of family life & high school will leave you laughing, a little sad and ready to watch the movie one more time. A must see.
The seventh season of the smash hit, original C.S.I. found the show still going strong, as opposed to when many network hits fizzle out by this time in their life.  The season opens with Grissom (William Petersen) and Sara (Jorja Fox) keeping their relationship secret as a mystery unfolds regarding a killer who leaves behind exact, incredibly detailed, miniature replicas of the crime scene.  As the rest of the season unfolds, Greg (Eric Szmanda) finds himself in a predicament he never foresaw, Catherine (Marg Helgenberger) finds herself playing the role of victim, and when Grissom goes out of town, a shady transfered cop named Keppler (the excellent Liev Schreiber) arrives on the scene; culminating in one of the best storyarcs the series has ever seen.  As the season winds to a close, the CSI's close in on the miniature killer, and the season concludes with one of their lives in jeopardy, and the others desperate to make things right.  Undoubtedly one of the best seasons of the show in it's entire run, the original (and best) C.S.I. remains one of the best crime dramas to ever grace prime time network TV, and the seventh season is a prime example why.
I had my doubts about this show; however Matthew Perry is good, so I gave it a watch one night. Sometimes silly. Sometimes serious. Always funny!
From the moment I heard that weird 60's music as the word Helix was written across the screen, and it ended on a down note with blood dripping off the X, I had chills and a suspicion there might be more to this show than meets the eye. As in most newbie stories, this one was tough to get to know because it has a rather large cast of very fine people.There isn't a lot I can say without violating spoilers, which I would not have liked, but if you aren't watching it and you even remotely like thrillers and sci fi, either buy the episodes from Amazon.com from the beginning for $1.99 (I have never said this yet, haven't found a show good enough to spend hard-earned salary on). But do buy it and watch it in order.If you are in the early episodes, take everything you think is happening and toss it. Just sit back and enjoy one of the best sci fi shows in a very long time. It's not for everyone because it is quite deep and you have to think a lot. Also, know-it-alls in labs who live to point out every error they make ruin it not only for themselves as well as for others because this is FANTASY, people.My husband was an officer in the Air Force. It has taken me years to get him off the ceiling during either NCIS (he just cannot watch NCIS LOS Angeles - his loss. I love it!). So, put work aside and just relax and watch. The story that emerges is not what you think and it is GOOD. VERY GOOD. Highly recommended but only for those who can suspend whatever they know!
We love Elementary! What a surprise to find a new show that is so good. Sometimes the plot has some slightly distasteful aspects, but they evaporate as the episode moves on.Streaming Elementary is so nice with no commercials. We are older than the commercials target age group, so many commercials do not apply to us.
WOW!! It will be hard to ever find such a well written and acted series. So sad this series is over . The final episode was epic. Highly recommend this series.
Love it. Every season gets better and better.  Keeps you on the edge of your seat. Great watch for the whole family.
It appears Amazon may have a hit on his hands.  Imagine "House of Cards" meets "Veep".  John Goodman is brilliant as Gil John.  The merry band of misfit senators look to have storylines galore for future episodes/seasons.  PRODUCERS -- Do not wait!  Start shooting the full season.  Oh, yeah ... and we need at least one more Bill Murray cameo, preferably locked way.
My son-in-law is a videophile and we rely on his recommendations.  We were hesitant to try this series, but he never let us down before.  WOW!  I have taught Shakespeare and literature and these characters are well-developed and intricately drawn; the dialogue resonates The Bard.
This show is amazing. I cry almost through every episode. I love seeing the joy and relief she brings to peoples lives. I have really changed my opinion and believe she is authentic! You go girl!!
This show has a strange sort of magic to it.  It peaks my interest on an intellectual level with the faults of the main characters and has me chuckling at the ridiculous things they say.  The ending of the pilot in particular had me laughing.  I really hope to see more of this series.
I like how different these people are, fun to watch.
I just find it hard to believe that people actually LIVE that way!! You would have to be mentally ill to do so.  There for the grace of God, go I!
This is a pilot from Amazon and I hope they give us more.  The setting is new, a symphony orchestra.  The characters are different...classically trained musicians and those trying to break into the business.  As a musician I found it interesting and fun to watch although at times over the top.  It does underscore the politics in the music business.  The music business eats it young.  As I said, I enjoyed it and I hope they go beyond the pilot.
Nothing beats this type of journalism...It's a lot better than watching over-sensationalized news broadcast on your local TV channels.  This is way more entertaining and educational.
This show is adorable. My 2 year old loves Curious George, and I was a big fan of the books when I was little. The creators of this show put together a great show by bringing to life one of the best children's fictional characters while each episode actually teaches kids something about real life. I actually enjoy watching this show with my kid, unlike many other mindless ones out there.
The story telling in this show is superb. The juxtaposition elegant yet almost child-like animation with the standard cinematography you find in well produced shows was refreshing. The children are at once clearly being normal kids yet possessed of a sense of adventure and wit far beyond their years. This was my favorite amazon demo I have seen this season.
The little explanatory blurb Amazon provided with this movie gave the impression that Harper Lee had written the story behind this film.  In fact, she hasn't written for publication since "To Kill a Mockingbird". Horton Foote was actually the writer of the screenplay based on "TKAM" written by Lee, and he also wrote the screenplay for "Main Street".  Harper Lee had nothing to do with it.Now that I've straightened that out, I'll say that I really enjoyed this sleepy southern drama about a toxic waste team who comes to the dying town of Durham and offers jobs and money to the residents in return for a permanent place to keep the waste (which happens to be a former tobacco warehouse owned by an old woman played to perfection by Ellen Burstyn).  Patricia Clarkson plays her loyal niece, and Colin Firth portrays the hazardous waste advocate who tries to convince the town's leaders that turning it into a toxic waste dump will rejuvenate Durham.There's a subplot involving Orlando Bloom's town cop carrying a torch for a restless local girl, but the underlying theme is that a town is what you make it, not what you imagine it is, and the grass may not necessarily be greener on the other side of the fence.  It's not at all a simplistic story of the Good Guys (the town) versus the Bad Guys (the toxic waste company) even though it starts out looking that way. It's much more nuanced, which makes it worth watching. Curiously, two of the actors (Firth and Bloom) playing southerners are actually Brits but are totally convincing.
This show was hilarious! I loved the very end of season 1! Looking forward to season 2 and more surprises!
Found The Rebels to be quick witted, funny and fast paced. Enjoyed the storylines and had me wanting to see the next episodes.
I've been a fan of this show- right from the very beginning.  Love the drama and all the twists and turns.  Can't wait to find out what happens next!  The writers and actors are Amazing!
If you love MST3K, you'll appreciate their treatment of this dreadful turkey from the 80s. Such bad writing, acting, everything! But such great riffs :)
I Love British detective stories and Vera is very real. Her emotions are all over the place and she does remind me of Colombo. The cast is great and I like all of it.
Have seen this twice and find it just as moving and interesting as I did the first time.  Beautifully played and mounted too. Doesn't get much better than this.
The first two seasons of 30 ROCK the series managed to accumulate every imaginable award, not merely Golden Globes and Emmys, but the highly prestigious Peabody.  TV Critics proclaimed it one of the greatest comedy series in TV history.  Despite all this, no one was watching the series.  NBC renewed it twice simply because it was far and away its most critically acclaimed show.  And as I said, it had a shelf full of awards to prove it.  In accepting the show's first Emmy show creator Tina Fey summed it up perfectly:  "I'd like to thank our dozens and dozens of viewers."Then came the 2008 election and John McCain chose as his running mate a photogenic but outrageously under qualified governor from Alaska.  She was a comically awful choice, but for a while not everyone realized that.  Then on Saturday Night Live Tina Fey returned to portray Sarah Palin.  Her impersonation devastated Palin's public perception and more or less destroyed her political career.  It helped that many of the most hilarious things that she said were incredibly close to what Palin actually said.  While her impersonation was not crucial to McCain's loss, it definitely played a role.  But in addition to the political effects, Tina Fey's Sarah Palin called attention to her and by extension 30 ROCK to a degree not previously possible.  In its third season, 30 ROCK's dozens of fans grew to millions.  NBC suddenly had a hit show.Before going on, we should pause and reflect on this.  Today the networks do not exhibit much patience with shows.  If they are not instant hits, they are canceled.  Even if they get considerable critical acclaim, like PUSHING DAISIES, they will still get canceled.  30 ROCK had survived only because it got such an extreme amount of critical acclaim.  Its critical success more or less tied NBC's hands.  But my point is that after two low rated seasons, the show was a sudden hit.  I wish the networks would keep in mind that great shows always have a chance to become hits.  In fact, they have greater chances than the vast majority of new shows.  Patience with good shows will usually pay off.And what a brilliant show it remained in Season Three.  No doubt their collection of awards will grown once again and it will deserve it.  30 ROCK isn't merely the best comedy show on TV right now, but one of the best ever, possibly the best ever after only ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT.  Absolutely everything was perfect.  The writing was simply jaw dropping, with the jokes spilling out at a breathtaking pace.  Most comedy shows pad out the script, pacing the jokes because they don't know if they can keep coming up with the good ones, spacing the jokes with mildly humorous dialogue.  That isn't the way of Tina Fey and her team of writers.  They just assault the viewer with jokes, one right after another.  There are so many jokes that you simply can't keep up with them.  You just can't digest all of them.  What is more, sometimes the jokes are presented not one at a time, but in layers, two or three operating at the same time.  The jokes are verbal and they are also visual.  I still can't get the image of Liz Lemon showing her female friends her yoga pose out of my mind.This is as brilliant a set of characters as has been seen since the Bluth family made their premature exit from television.  Liz Lemon is an absolutely brilliant character, a lead character plagued by feet of clay.  Liz never really does the right thing for the right reason, but at most does the right thing for the wrong reasons.  She might not have an evil bone in her body, but neither does she have a good one.  Much the same is true of the magnificently self-absorbed Jack Donaghy.  Everything he does, no matter how bizarre, is done to further the interests of Jack Donaghy.  And Kevin the Page is one of the most unexpected hit characters on TV.  I'm sure when they started the series they knew he was going to be good, but who knew he would be as good as he ended up?  I'm sure they were confident that Tracy Jordan was going to be a great character, and they were right.  And Jenna Maroney might even surpass Liz and Jack in seeing the world as revolving around herself.  What makes this incredible group of characters even more incredible is that every actor portraying them is extraordinary.  Tina Fey and Alec Baldwin are simply the two best comic performers on TV and together they have created one of the great comic duos in TV history.There were some great comic arcs in Season Three.  Jack has a bizarre and out of character romance with his mother's nurse, played by Salma Hayek.  There is an unexpected glitch in it when her mother hates Jack because of his sharp resemblance to a villain in a Mexican soap (the villain is also portrayed by Alec Baldwin).  Liz persists in her efforts to adopt a child.  She also has a near romance with a very good looking neighbor, played to perfection by Jon Hamm, better known as Don Draper on MAD MEN.  Jenna wears herself out by simultaneously continuing to appear in THE GIRLIE SHOW while starring in an unauthorized biopic based on Janis Joplin (its being unauthorized meaning that in singing the Janis-like songs they can't use the real lyrics, something that leads to excellent results).  In short, hilarity results, again and again.The season ends on a highlight.  Jack learns the identity of his father, who just happens to need a kidney.  Much to his relief, Jack learns that he is not compatible, so they need to find a new donor.  So Jack twists the arms of Elvis Costello and other musicians to do a celebrity single.  The season ends with a group of musicians begging in a video for a kidney for Jack's dad.  Those performing on "Kidney Now!" include Elvis Costello, Sheryl Crow, Clay Aiken, Mary J. Bilge, Steve Earle, two of the Beastie Boys, Adam Levine of Maroon 5, Norah Jones (who proudly sings that she is sober), Cyndi Lauper (who confesses that she is not), Sara Bareille, Michael Moby, Michael McDonald, rapper Talib Kweli, Wyclef Jean of the Fugees, Rhett Miller of the Old 97s, Robert Randolph, and Rachael Yamagata.  All in all, it is a pretty amazing assemblage of talent for a fake music video.So, once again 30 ROCK was a show that was hitting on all cylinders.  And now the ratings are strong enough that those of us who adore the show don't have to worry that the season that has just ended will be the last.
This entire episode was quite funny, though informative regarding some of the vehicles that some folks hold in high regard.  Since I've been in the auto industry my entire career, and my wife has had to listen to me for much of that time, we both enjoyed this very much.  Definitely worth the watch!
This is the only television show that pushes the envelope. Every episode we say &#34;I cannot believe they went there&#34; and there are always new twists and turns. Great new season!
I love how he gets his quotes a little off,  For example, 'Quiet as a chapel mouse'!  It's fun to watch this detective story.  He's definitely one of a kind,
I think this is an awesome show.  I don't watch much TV, but I really like this one.  Please don't screw it up.With that said, great rid of Juliette.
Sheriff Walt Longmire is an old time Sheriff in modern day Wyoming.  He doesn't like cell phones and is haunted by demons from the past.  Colorful characters interesting crimes unique to that part of the country take us from our armchairs ti the wide  open spaces.  Along with Vic Moretti and Henry Standingbear he solves murders in the new West.  Taken from the pages of Craig Johnson's books the program is loosely based on his stories.  Even though the lead actor is an Australian and  it is filmed in New Mexico the producers do a great job of bringing the books to life.  I find the contrast between modern day cowboys and indians particularly interesting.
This is one new show that I really liked - we have a law enforcement officer that is not suffering from obsessive compulsion or any personality disorder.  Just a straight forward detective.  To be sure she has problems with the exhusband, which is somewhat predicable but on the whole, great stories and character development.  But if we done have a quirky hero, not a tremendous amount of blood and violence, it looks like this show has come to an end, and without showing the episode that dealt with the arrest of the hero's brother.  Go figure.
We love Curious George. He is the cutest little monkey and always fixes his mistakes. All you need is love to make a family. And George proves that.
I don't have television, haven't for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started watching episodes of CSI, CSI NY, CSI Miami, and NCIS. I found NCIS to be my favorite and this particular show Dead And Unburied is my favorite so far. I enjoy the light-heartedness of NCIS. So I decided to download this episode from Amazon Unbox.I really wish Amazon Unbox would allow me to burn shows I've purchased. As it is they are restricted to viewing on my computer. When Unbox expands this service to allow me to burn DVDs I will likely purchase many more shows this way. I like selecting individual shows.
Jay Ryan is the best looking guy I have ever seenThey make a great coupleI would love to see a season with them solving cases and making love with no one not letting them do the thing they do bestThey are better together than they are apart
This was a surprisingly funny sitcom pilot.  The acting and writing were excellent.  The three main characters work well together and you feel they have known each other for years. The production appeared to be on a budget but it gave it a midwestern, &#34;not sure of exactly what year it is&#34; feel.  Kudos to Amazon.
I love Parenthood, and resorted to buying this episode since I couldn't watch the entire episode on NBC or tubeplus.me. Anyways I can't believe that Joel and Christina are having marriage problems that are because of Christina's actions, since they are usually are depicted as the most enduring, strong, and ideal relationship. So their declining relationship is a central story line. If you are an avid fan, I would suggest waiting until the DVD comes out instead of buying episode by episode. True when the DVD comes out it will be expensive like around fifty to sixty dollars however the price will drop, and its worth it to buy at the lower price.I probably won't resort to paying 2.99 per episode, but I had no other way of seeing this episode, which is the most recent one, therefore I had to buy it considering the circumstances. I won't be buying this again until the full DVD with all episodes from season five will be released.
Because its curious george. Lol he has so much fun! He has the best adventures, they may start off a little upside down but he knows how to turn it around.
This is my favorite series of all time.  It has humor, mystery, romance, and the characters are always true to form.  I am enjoying the addition of Emily Wickersham,  I still miss Ziva and Kate, but life must go on.  Are they going to make a NCIS: New Orleans?  Kind of hinted at it the last two episodes.  I love Scott Bakula and Lucas Black still great after all these years.  Sling Blade anyone?
This was a show I could not watch watch just one show a week. I am glad I watched the whole season in one week. Great acting, but most riveting was that it was a solid story.
A very charming if not slighly disarming twist on an old tale.  Sherlock is not your typical consulting detective in this one.  When he had only one hour to be released formally from rehab, he releases himself.  Watson, a retired doctor now is a live in rehab counselor, and imspector Gregson (a character from The Red Headed League) is a police leut. in NYPD.  Yep, not your typical Holmes but all the more reasons to enjoy it.
They have managed to keep the story fresh and moving and the bonds between the characters have grown and developed so there is a real time line here.  I have all the seasons and current episodes and this is where I go when I need to lose myself in a story for a  little while.
I never thought that I would like Glee so much. But the actors are so talented and there is a lot of musical variety. I am looking forward to the next season but am at a loss as to how they can continue after all the graduations. Great fun...
This is very entertaining. I really enjoyed the actors on the show. Natalie Zea can carry this show with her amazing looks and fierce attitude. She's great. Can't wait to see more.
Common blue collar family turns hometown celebrity / millionaires in this series from A&E . If you haven't watched or seen it , you simply must to believe it , ONLY IN AMERICA ! Fantastic show which excellent family values far to often lost on todays children and entertaining for adults of all ages , sexes , races , religions , you name it , this show is simply 1 of the best things ever put on the tube .
I love this show. It has a wonderful timeless appeal that never fades. I highly recommend it. Wish they had made more episodes.
Excellent writing and acting...well done British crime drama that was consistently entertaining and held our attention though out the series.
I thought the pilot was great.  I love the mystery that the characters have to figure out and that some big things were revealed yet other points where made but not really discovered. I can't wait for the rest of this show.
The relationships - as odd and disfunctional as the characters are - in this show are wonderful to watch how they play out.  The plots are unique and interesting.  It keeps my interest every week
I just live this series~ all three seasons. Wish there were more. The quirky style of professionalism and love Tim Ross creates for Cal Lightman is often tinged with eroticism. This combination adds zip to Dr Paul Ekman's masterful studies of microexpressions. I appreciated the education in this area, got his book, watched YouTube as well.Been useful in my work.
Wow! Having discovered this series by accident through Prime membership one evening on my Kindle Fire I started watching episode 1. After that I was hooked. KGB! FBI! Plots and counter plots! 80's sunglasses! Disguises! Well deserved distrust on both sides! How will it end? Watch it!
Watch this with the wife and very much enjoyed it. I wish it would continue being a favorite of ours
This is an excellent Homocide detective TV Show. I love how Detective Linden is positively portrayed on this show. First, she is a single mother raising a teenage son. Secondly, she has a strong work ethic because she wants to solve the case and bring closure to the victims' families. Third, she is very detailed-oriented and noticed things that her partner Holder overlooks. Lastly, the TV show is very interesting and I enjoyed watching Seasons1-3 on my Kindle Fire for free.
Informative and beautiful (people, setting, cars). Interesting family interdynamics, but always respectful to the characters. I like the idea of treating people regardless of what they can pay.
Love the series.  Truly quality show.  The story lines is great and the acting superb.  Once you start, you will watch them all.
always watch that show!  only now i watch it on another device. as i did this one. liked this epe. because of the birthday. teaseing the poor guy! and giving him ? a must see .
Fun show that highlights the faults of what happens when companies get too big! I like how they use irony in the episodes.
I did not watch it when it was on TV, so I wanted to see what is was like. I love it I am looking forward to finding out what happen to everyone.
More twists and turns in the plot line... more characters come back to play important roles... some die, at least for a while! And of course, there's lots of action and suspense.
This is the best show on tv, and the best season yet! I would recommend it to anyone! A must watch!
We are big fans of this series.  Just love the stories, the acting & writing is wonderful.Waiting on the next showing in Nov.
Haven is one of the best SyFy shows ever created and has such a constant theme going on. One of the best things about this show is that Agent Audrey Parker shows up and is not immediately accepted; she has to work her way into the community's heart and she does. This tv show is for anyone who likes a bit of mystery in their lives and enjoys being led on a merry chase.
Excellent story , within the first ten minutes you are hooked on this well casted, clever written scripted from a book by Stephen King . I am very impressed with CBS  for taking on such a epic adventure and we get to go alone for the ride .
It was this show that made me realize that the best programs were rarely on broadcast TV anymore.  FX has taken unique risks with their programming.  (Thanks forever, for giving Louie CK the room to do what he does best.  Rescue Me had scenes so heartbreaking, I could barely stand it.)The Riches is a great metaphor for looking at the American Dream through a cynical lens, unique in its kind of subtlety and suspense.  Eddie Izzard did great work, as did Minnie Driver.  What a culture clash--Travelers vs. Settlers.  Why did it end?  I'm so happy for the chance to go have another look at programming I miss.  With streaming video I can really say, there is no such thing as moaning, "There is nothing on."  Now, there really is, always something worth watching.
Season 2 is much better than the first season, cast better developed, and better story lines. If you just want to be entertained, get it.
the pilot caught my interest but I will need to watch a couple more episodes to see if this show continues to hold it.
Season 3 is as exciting and suspenseful as season 1 and 2 even though I've watched this series before. Truly great Sci-Fi!
Great show. Sexy actors. Great plot. Must see. Your guy will enjoy it too. Hopefully will keep getting renewed. Excellent.
The crew is still going strong, although I think they have started to mellow some with this season. I think the provoking is not so strong and maybe they have decided that a more scientific approach is better. Looking forward to another great season.Always highly recommended for their investigative skills of the paranormal.
Keeps getting better. I love it. I didn't think, I would like it but my husband wanted to watch it. I think, I  like it better then he does.
Like too many shows, there's a good hook, then the show is not renewed.  I would have liked to see at least one more season (assuming the writers could maintain the intensity & plot).  The season reached a point with some openings for a second season.This is definitely sci-fi, but not &#34;space aliens&#34;, invasions by bugs, or other crap like that.  It's sci-fi enough to be beyond our world experiences, but not so far as to be incredulous.I enjoyed every episode.
OVERVIEW:  The comedy series "Archer," created by Adam Reed, was first announced on FX in the fall of 2009.  Reed credits the inspiration for the show to a personal experience in which he was unable to muster up the charisma to hit on a beautiful woman; he later fantasized about a suave, debonair spy who would always have the right moves.  I have absolutely fallen in love with "Archer;" I can't get enough of the continuous wit and exceptionally clever dialog.  Unlike other animated shows, "Archer" utilizes complex plotting as well as character development, allowing viewers to watch and rewatch episodes without sacrificing entertainment value.  I am personally humbled by the various cultural references employed by the writers--it just goes to show how involved intellect must be in creating comedy.  I fully understand that much of the show's content may be deemed offensive to some viewers, so to enjoy it, it's best to keep in mind that "Archer" is written in a satirical manner.  It is fair to warn, however, that the series earns its TV/MA rating quite well through use of crude language, violence, and sexual situations; basically, it's probably not suitable for children or anyone who isn't a fan of that sort of comedy.The storyline centers around Sterling Archer (H. Jon Benjamin) who is the sort of spy Reed had imagined, only with a few extra character `flaws'--he is pretty much a sociopath.  Despite bearing the codename Duchess, Archer is considered the world's most dangerous spy; were he not absorbed with promiscuity, alcoholism, expensive toys and tactlenecks, he might also be considered the world's best spy.  Archer works for his self-centered and emotionally distant mother, Malory Archer (Jessica Walter), at the International Secret Intelligence Service (ISIS) based in New York City.  Fellow ISIS employees include agent Lana Kane (Aisha Tyler), comptroller Cyril Figgis (Chris Parnell), agent Ray Gillette (Adam Reed), HR Director Pam Poovey (Amber Nash), Head of Applied Research Dr. Algernop Krieger (Lucky Yates), ISIS whipping-boy Brett Buckley (Neal Holman), and nut-job secretary Cheryl Tunt (Judy Greer).  Other recurring cast-members include:  ODIN agent/cyborg/KGB leader Barry Dylan (Dave Willis), call-girl Trinette (Maggie Wheeler), ex-KGB head Nikolai Jakov (Peter Newman), ex-KGB agent/cyborg Katya Kazanova (Ona Grauer), and Archer's valet, Woodhouse (George Coe; Roy McCrery in flashbacks).Season 3 Guest Stars:  Italian Prime Minister Savio Mascalzoni (Luciano Palermi), manhunter and former ISIS agent Rip Riley (Patrick Warburton), Cuban drug lord Rom&aacute;n Calzado (Joaquim de Almeida), slave pirate Noah (David Cross), Canadian terrorist Kenny Bilko (Robb Wells)**, NYPD Detective Murphy (Lloyd Sherr), Sheriff E.Z. Ponder (Michael Rooker), Pangu pirate Bucky (James Hong), train manager George (Dave Fennoy), Commander Kellogg (Dave Fennoy), Yakuza boss Mr. Moto (George Takei), ISA researcher Trish (Brett Butler), Randy Gillette (Jack McBrayer), Jenette Gillette (Paula Malcomson), Commander Anthony Drake (Bryan Cranston), and film-star Burt Reynolds.ARCHER:  THE COMPLETE SEASON THREE--kicked off in January of 2012.  The third season carries some of the long-running jokes from Seasons One and Two; but the third season begins to provide more plot-depth.  Some of the continuing themes include:  Who is Archer's father?  Will Brett finally die?  What is Barry's master plan?  Will Lana and Archer get back together?  What is to become of the rivalry between Barry and Archer?  Will Archer and Pam continue their relationship?  How does Barry get home?SPECIAL FEATURES:  [13 Episodes/2 Discs]  `Heart of Archness' Trilogy Enhanced, Book-on-Tape Fail, Cooking with Archer, Gator 2--Trailer, "Archer" Season 3 as Comin-Con 2012, and Commentaries on `El Contador,' `Drift Problem,' and `Lo Scandalo.'EPISODES:Episode 1:  "Heart of Archness:  Part I"--In the wake of Katya's death, archer has been missing for three months.  Even though ISIS has been reporting better numbers in his absence, Malory determines it's time to bring Sterling home.  She hires Rip Riley, manhunter and former ISIS agent, who has tracked Archer to a small island in French Polynesia where he has been tending bar and ruining honeymoons.  Rip forces Archer onto his sea plane, Lucy Goosey; Archer manages to incapacitate Riley and commandeer the plan, but his lack of understand on the concept of autopilot causes Lucy to run out of fuel and crash into the Pacific.  Following the crash, Archer selflessly chooses to save Rip over a bottle of booze.  After losing contact with Riley, Malory spares no expense sending Lana and Ray to rescue Archer.  As it turns out, a gang of pirates kidnaps Riley and Archer with the intention to ransom; Archer, with the help of his Omicron Spymaster, quickly relieves the head pirate of his duties, thus making himself the new Pirate King of the pirate island, Pangu.Episode 2:  "Heart of Archness:  Part II"-- To begin his reign as Pirate King, Archer imprisons Riley.  Noah (David Cross) is one of the slave pirates; he was an anthropology doctoral candidate working on his dissertation when he was captured.  Because he speaks English, Archer uses Noah as a translator for communicating with his subjects.  Archer is living-it-up as Pirate King, but neglects his duties as a pirate, leading to low morale among the men; Bucky attempts to overthrow Archer by melawan raja.  Rip escapes his dungeon and contacts Malory by radio.  Amid the skirmish, the pirates mutiny; Sterling, Rip, and Noah end up in the dungeon.  When Ray and Lana arrive on the shore of Pangu, they are quickly captured and thrown in the cell with the others.  Back at ISIS, Cyril is both drunk and concerned for the impact Archer's rescue will have on the budget; he does some blackout online banking... and Pam.Episode 3:  "Heart of Archness:  Part III"--Cyril realizes he embezzled all of ISIS's funds during the late-night banking session, but can't remember the password he used.  Pam suggests they try drunken-recall; the two repeat their actions from the previous night.  Ray and Lana are shot during a struggle between Archer and Bucky.  In order to save Ray from succumbing to blood loss, the team has to make a quick escape... meaning there isn't time for Noah to retrieve his dissertation before fleeing.  Because the rest of the pirates are distracted by the intramural lacrosse final, Archer, Lana, Ray, Riley, and Noah manage to make a (mostly) clean getaway.Episode 4:  "The Man from Jupiter"--Archer finally meets his hero, Burt Reynolds, only to discover that Burt is dating his mother.  Archer disregards the threat of a Cuban hit-squad trying to kill him and focuses on kidnapping Burt to keep him away from Malory.  The Cubans mistake a wheelchair-bound Ray for Sterling and pursue Lana, Ray, Krieger, and Cyril (and Krieger's virtual ex-fianc&eacute;) in Dr. Kriger's newly handicap-accessible conversion van.  Burt and Archer join the car chase to take out the Cuban hit-squad and save Lana.Episode 5:  "El Contador"--Since Ray is paralyzed, Malory promotes Cyril to field agent.  Malory sends Lana, Archer, and Cyril to bounty hunt the notorious Cuban drug lord and distributor for La Sombre, Rom&aacute;n Calzado.  Lana and Archer lose Cyril while trekking the South American jungle; after their capture, Archer and Lana discover Cyril back at Calzado's compound, passing himself off as `El Contador' (Spanish for "the accountant") for La Sombre.  Cyril visits Lana and Archer in their cell to warn them that, come morning, he and Calzado will be hunting them, `the most dangerous game.'  While he is clearly not cut out for the physically-oriented spy work, Cyril proves his tactical worth in the field.  Back at ISIS:  Ray, Cheryl, and Pam are sent into full panic-mode when Malory announces an ISIS-wide drug test.  Dr. Krieger seizes the opportunity to promote and test `Krieger-Cleanse,' a tea formulated to remove all traces of drug use from the body.  After ingesting the disgusting tea, Ray, Pam, and Cheryl experience terrifying hallucinations.Episode 6:  "The Limited"-- **Special Guest Stars of this episode are Robb Wells, John Paul Tremblay, and Mike Smith, who respectively play Ricky, Julian, and Bubbles on the Canadian show "Trailer Park Boys."**  The ISIS team is in charge of extraditing Canadian terrorist Kenny Bilko, of the New Scotland Front, back to Ottawa.  Because they are traveling on the Tunts' railroad, Cheryl has her personal train cars hooked up, allowing Ray, Cheryl, Pam, and Babou to tag along for the mission.  Malory treats the train manager, George, as her personal slave--furthering the stereotype that Americans are racist.  Once they hit the Canadian border, Lana and Archer are met with two teams of Canadian Mounties, one of which is an imposter group attempting to free Bilko.  When Cyril loses him grasp on Bilko, Archer (with the help of Babou) finally gets to fulfill his dream of fighting an enemy atop a moving train.Episode 7:  "Drift Problem"--For Sterling's birthday, Malory gives him a brand new Krieger/Dodge Challenger Special-Edition Spycar (thanks Dodge).  Much like the Schwinn Stingray bicycle he received in childhood, Malory makes the gift conditional:  if Sterling doesn't take the utmost care of his new toy, there will never be another.  When the Challenger is stolen from his garage, Archer scrambles to recover it before Malory finds out.  Pam, who has been moonlighting as a drift-car racer, suggests that the Yakuza may be responsible for the theft.  The ISIS team embarks on a repo mission in the drift-car underworld; Archer disrespects the Yakuza boss, Mr. Moto, which leads to a guns-blazing car chase.  Malory shows up to both dispose of Mr. Moto and lecture Sterling on responsibility.  The final scene shows the Challenger with its new owner, Mr. Ford, a character from "Frisky Dingo."Episode 8:  "Lo Scandalo"--The opening scene shows Malory, alone in the dark, with gun in-hand.  Archer and Lana are called to her apartment only to discover a man in a latex zentai and bound to a seatless chair; he is dead with five bullet wounds to the chest.  The corpse is Italian Prime Minister Savio Mascalzoni.  Malory reveals that she has been engaging in an annual affair with Mascalzoni since they met on Operation Gladio during WWII.  For fear that Malory is being framed for murder, Dr. Krieger arrives to take command of the scene; he invites Cheryl, Ray, Pam, and Cyril along to each carry out pieces of the disseminated body.  When NYPD Detective Murphy investigates a mysterious tip about a murder in Malory's apartment, the gang attempts to be nonchalant by staging a `fancy' dinner party.Episode 9:  "Bloody Ferlin"--Lana and Archer discover Ray in the ISIS armory, and that he isn't really paralyzed.  Ray is planning to return to Ferlin, West Virginia, to help his brother, Randy, in a battle against the town sheriff, E.Z. Ponder, who Ray believes is trying to take Randy's dope farm for himself.  Archer and Ray bring Cheryl along to pose as Ray's wife.  Randy and his wife, Jenette, have a progressive `open-marriage;' they agree that if Randy gets to sleep with Ray's wife, then Jenette can sleep with Archer.  While back in the Holler, Ray gains a new perspective on family... and reconciles his adolescent feud with E.Z. Ponder.Episode 10:  "Crossing Over"--Archer awakens to a killer hangover and no memory of what happened.  Following his steps from the previous night, Archer learns that he had the best sex of his life with [drumroll] Pam, but mandates she not tell anyone.  At ISIS, Malory reveals that Nikolai Jakov wants to defect--a problem for Malory because she thinks she's still dating Burt Reynolds.  Nikolai is pushed out of Moscow by the new KGB leader, Barry, who apparently has some huge and mysterious master plan for the KGB; Jakov's former assistant, Boris, helps him flee to the U.S. where he is kept in the ISIS safehouse.  While in charge of babysitting Jakov, Archer begins to bond with his could-be father.  When Barry learns of Jakov's defection, he tracks Nikolai to the safehouse and assassinates him, eliminating any chance for Archer to gain closure on his paternity.Episode 11:  "Skin Game"--Dr. Krieger has a surprise for Sterling:  he has rebuilt Katya as a cyborg.  Archer and Katya pick back up in their relationship, with only minor weirdness at the fact that she is now a robot.  Archer convinces his mother to make Katya an ISIS agent; the decision is made mostly on the grounds that ISIS will need their own cyborg if they are to defeat Barry.  Archer and Katya plan to wed as soon as possible, but attract a certain objector:  Barry.  When Archer and Barry begin to fight, Katya steps in to create an all-out cyborg-v.-cyborg death match.  In order to drain their voltaic cells, Krieger cuts the power; when the lights come back on, Archer discovers that his fianc&eacute; and arch-nemesis are doing more than dancing.Episode 12:  "Space Race:  Part I"--Commander Kellogg of the space station Horizon may-days Commander Anthony Drake of the ISA to warn that a space-pirate mutiny has occurred.  Drake explains to the ISIS team that with the continuous increase in Earth's population, space is the `new horizon;' he enlists the ISIS agents to travel into space aboard the Intrepid so that they may assist in restoring order on Horizon.  Lana, Cyril, Archer, and Ray get about a day of space-camp training--which exposes Lana's weak stomach for zero gravity, but Drake mandates she go anyway.  Once in space, Pam and Cheryl are found as stowaways aboard the Intrepid; seeing as how they're women, Drake doesn't seem to mind, but locks Archer up for allowing them onboard.  Archer convinces Pam to release him from his cell so he can join the battle of the "boarding-party space-pirates."  After Drake uses the ISIS agents to defeat the "mutineers" and regain control of Horizon, Commanders Drake and Kellogg reveal themselves as the true mutineers; they have kidnapped the research crew (referred to as `involuntary laborers') and intend to use them as breeding-stock for populating Mars.  Due to Lana's superior genetics and IQ, she is destined to be the Martian Queen.Episode 13:  "Space Race:  Part II"--Much like a scene from "Star Wars Episode IV," Archer, Lana, Ray, and Cyril are forced into a sealed room by `Stormtroopers' Drake and Kellogg; Lana's physique and Archer's locker-room experience secure their escape.  Back on the Intrepid, Pam begins to make trouble for the mutineers.  Lana and Archer find the imprisoned `involuntary breeding-stock;' Trish, one of the ISA scientists, explains that the only way to get back to Earth is on the Intrepid--which can only be piloted by either Drake or Kellogg.  Cheryl regales Drake with her desires to become Martian Queen, granting Pam the chance to subdue him.  In a standoff, Kellogg surrenders, but Cyril shoots him (and everyone else) anyway.  Meanwhile, Barry (dressed to resemble Luke Skywaler) is on his way to Horizon so that he may continue torturing Archer.  Archer is very excited to play with Barry--who even promises to let Archer wear the space-bot suit; even though it kills Archer to do so, he has to take a rain check on the play date.  Since they don't have a captain, Cyril volunteers to pilot the Intrepid for the return flight.  During liftoff from Horizon, Cyril destroys Barry's ship... leaving Barry trapped in space.  The Intrepid crash-lands on earth, leaving the ISIS crew with fairly minor injuries (excluding Ray, of course, who is paralyzed for real this time).
What if achieving this capability in seeing things is possible?  What if there are people who can be so good at manipulating events to suit their purpose.  Elementary makes you think about this- am I doing all I could to be good at what I do?  Maybe there are people who can see through my conclusions and help me see more.  good series.  Great actors.  Sometimes frustrating. We like that most episodes have a beginning and an end very few  &#34;to be continued&#34; soap opera stories.
Really good entertainment.  Thoroughly enjoyable viewing.  Love all the characters - even Louis who acts like such a  mad rat is likable (at rare moments &#128513;).
A local station started reruns of Heroes.  I never watch the beginning of the series when it was on TV.  I got hooked on the reruns and decided I needed to watch it from the beginning.  I got Season one and decided I needed Season Two.  I now have 3 & 4.  I will get 5 & 6 at a later date.
Finally, a US production with all that I have loved about crime series from the BBC (Foyle's War, Endeavor, Inspector Lewis and the like). So very natural all of it and interesting. The CI debriefing to the main character (again, Titus never disappoints no matter what role he is in) about the skeleton fractures due to extreme physical abuse of a child was eye opening. Usually, we see things into the lab and only pronouncements emerge with a lot of special effects and lasers, not being an expert, I imagine this is how they go about it in the real world...this is a refreshing series. I would definitely like to see more episodes of Bosch.
Their nuances and the very clear connection they have with each other, Judi Dench and Geoffrey Palmer make this 'long lost love' fare so easy to imbibe! What's not to love?
I hope there is a season 2... The plot twists and turns and keeps you on the edge as the two spies outwit the FBI and the KGB....watch it!
I never watched this on television but you better believe I will for Season 3.  Just enough intrigue to keep you interested but not confused.
My wife and and I absolutely love this show and it's one of the best shows....Period! If you enjoy those classic fairytales this show is for you and has a very interesting twist on characters and stories. Just watiing to see what new character comes next is great. Plus for all you Lost fans, which I've never watched it, there is a lot of Lost Easter Eggs in the show.
While watching original programming move from the big networks to AMC, SyFy, FX, etc. I have been pleased with the inversion of quality from cable shows being the B shows with poor writing and low budgets to watching them take over what quality is still out there while the major networks flounder.  Continuum is a show that like many of SyFy's newest generation of shows leverages some lesser known names, though quite good performers, and the improved funding and writing to produce quality shows.  SyFy naturally appeals to those who enjoy the Science Fiction Genre, but are introducing both comedy and some real world situations into their stories.  Continuum is a show that caught me and hooked me very quickly as the whole time travel paradox is not ignored while the story lines develop using real life social/political situations as the basis for both the chosen image of the future as well as the events of modern day corporate, political, and social landscape to influence the writing to include some very real subjects that are presenting themselves as large corporations and technological advances shape our society and government goals and structure.  Nobody gets into office without major financial backing which controls the policies they support (not campaign speak, actual actions).  The show does a great job of being entertaining as it introduces the very real potential for ever increasing influence of the corporate world over the political.  If the 2007 bailout didn't drive home the point, the government policies of not enforcing anti-trust have allowed financial institutions to become so large that their failure would destroy the world economy.  If that isn't influence I don't know what is.  But Continuum does a great job of being a good science fiction show predicated on a future in which the government is the corporations (hardly a stretch), debt is the master of the ordinary citizen (again, hardly a stretch) and then the biggest part of the storyline, time travelers from the future coming back to modern day times to try and change that future from coming to be.  The first season does a great job of using the episode stories with their regular flashbacks to the future to establish the characters roles and quickly blur the lines between the good guys and bad guys.  While our main character only begins her learning journey the first season does a good job of quickly establishing the basis for the longer term story while being remaining with each show being  entertaining.  I'm biased haven seen season 2, but I so far see a series that started great and has just gotten better.  I hope it is on for years to come and the writing continues to expand the scope of the importance of what these characters are doing and choosing and turns black and white to many shades of grey making it interesting and causing the viewer to question some very deep seeded assumptions.  It is the thinly veiled ties to what we find in the papers daily that makes this show so intriguing and make me hope future seasons can build on that aspect and possibly get funding for more than 13 episodes a season (the one MAJOR drawback to modern day shows).
I have watched Dr. Who since it started, and really became involved when Tom Baker became the Dr.  I have liked them all,and I think David Tennant is definitely one of the best.  If I think about it calmly, I see some problems arise as far as the outlandish way the Dr. Saves the world every time, but frankly, why look at it calmly. It is a wonderful modern fairy tale, and that is just the way I like it.  The actors are usually very good too.  I especially like Alex Kingston as River Song. A wonderful show which I have enjoyed having in my life for early 50 years.
Love the family and chumley too. Rick loves History and me as we ll. I hope to some day go in shop and buy something that I don t need, that somebody else didn t need and then pass it down to somebody that doesn t need it either
Good acting and most of all multilevel.  Stressing that the biggest conflict is over two sets of good guys and gals.  On one side the thoughtful patriots and on the other side the concerned patriots.  In this day of weapons capable of wiping out millions of people, strict protocols are absolutely necessary before these weapons are used.  It is ironic that the thoughful side based their decision in part upon the fact that these protocols were not "strictly" followed.  The concerned side says that we don't have to right to second guess orders as long as the protocols used were "in the ball park."This was not developed to clearly, in future episodes the loop hole used by the good guys can be emphasized.  But the acting and directions are great.
Awesome show, we look forward each week for the next episode. Very intriguing series, one of Stephen King's best...a must see
I didn't think this show would be very interesting, but just happened to stumble across an episode on vacation one day.  Like "The Apprentice", "Survivor", and other competitive reality shows, we sometimes see the worst side of human nature; but I believe that it is informative and entertaining to watch.  I have no interest in modeling, but have developed a respect for the women and men who do.  There's a lot more work involved than I previously thought.  Tyra seems like a great person.
My 5 month old loves this tv show. So do I. It's extremely educational. It's one of her favorite shows to watch.
I really love Jane. She is such a strong woman and in charge. If she were more girly girl like Maura I think the guys would find it hard to respect her as a detective. Maura can be as she is because she is in charge of her area of expertise, she has no equals in the lab.
This beautiful story about a girl who comes to find her hidden past and the currents of her life now . The  story well written and the actors well played . I love , love I just won't  tell you how it ends .
"Luther" the new BBC detective series lead by Idris Elba as DCI John Luther, is a riveting watch. This character, Luther, is a loose cannon primed to fire at will or by wonder, yet this detective's intelligence and focus seems to keep him charging in the right direction. He and fellow officers appear to work on a rather intuitive level and their ability to relate to us 'common folk' and our reaction to injustice, is a magnetizing factor.The relationship he has with his wife, Zoe, works well as a part of the machinery that helps reveal the different layers of his character. Beyond that, I must admit I feel slightly ambiguous towards her part, at this point, anyway.But I am fascinated with Alice Morgan (Ruth Wilson of "Jane Eyre" 2006). I had a very good friend with similar characteristics as she; the writers, as well as the actress, portrayed Alice as if they knew my friend intimately. Of course, it is difficult to know the 'deviosity' of which such people are capable, especially when your affections are securely attached through years of shared experiences. As I watch Alice Morgan attempt to secure even the friendship of Luther, I think, "Oh, go ahead, trust her." And then, I remind myself that this character killed her parents! This goes to the depraved depth of the sociopath's personality and how they can manipulate us. Chilling! Great stuff...For anyone who holds an interest towards the Behavioral Sciences, and desires to watch something that will entertain, as well as appeal to that part of your brain, give "Luther" a shot, you won't be sorry.
My 5 yr old and twin 2 yr olds love this show, very imaginative and entertaining!! Educational as well, love it!
Being Human is an excellent show.  This season has been particulary enjoyable.  I love the comical conversations between Aiden and Sally.  It's well written and the actors are great.  The chemistry between these 4 actors is palpable.  Season 3 is the best season so far!
Excellent writing and acting; a very fun show to watch year after year.  A very creative suspense/crime drama without the type of non-stop graphic violence found in other programs in this genre.
GOOD FROM START TO FINISH!!!!!  A little off on the writing, I mean the police officer would've gotten off the rescue vehicle immediately and tried to find out what was going on instead of hanging on the back of the truck.  But that was the only thing wrong I could find with the episode, all else was good!  The best of the 5 amazon pilots!!!!
I think this season was better than past seasons and really setup the Jax as just another heartless leader and Gemma's ruthlessness continues. This season I thought was the darkest so far but definitely better than the last season and the Irish episodes or season 2.
Fascinating show; characters that are not only intelligent and actually think on the ramifications of their actions, but display compassion for those in need of their very unique skill sets. I am more impressed with Jim Caviezel's abilities to inhabit his character as this series goes along. Although his face remains passive, his eyes speak volumes of emotion. Michael Emmerson as Finch is perfect and is a much better actor than he was in Lost (as I was too busy detesting his manipulative character Ben!). I was pleasantly surprised when female characters were added instead of killed off. I'm looking forward to Sarah Shahi's character Samantha's development as I think she will make the most changes. Carter (Taraji P Henson) is and has been a delight from the beginning - you go girl! Great show, fabulous cast. I'm looking forward to its continuance.
Great Show!  I love how they can take what looks like a 'hunk of junk' and return it to it''s originalbeauty.  I am a Amazon Prime member and I will pay the 'rate hike'.  Just looking for new seasons.
At first I hated this show... could not seem to get past the zombies....  but I got hooked and now I don't want it to end.
I am hooked on this new series. My only quibble is that the NYC cops who work with Holmes are written like cardboard throwaway characters. Only the police captain (played by the ever wonderful Aidan Quinn) is written with a deft touch. One of the things I like about this series (and I watch a lot of detective shows) is that the writers are very inventive about the reason for the murders, and in this episode combine two crimes - a robbery and a murder. Watson continues to try and get Holmes to share his feelings and more information about himself, which backfires when Holmes phones her ex-boyfriend and invites him over to their place for dinner. Watson keeps her work confidential and does not want to share that information with her ex or her family. The case itself revolves around family, an expected inheritance worth millions, and how inventive greedy people can be to claim a massive fortune. Zoe Keating's string pieces from the premiere episode (see my review) make another appearance, and Holmes picks up the violin to play. Great second episode. Let's see where the season takes us.
I decided to finally check this show out during the weekend the first season became available on Amazon Prime. WOW! I immediately bought and downloaded the second season because it was so fantastic. If you're a Buffy fan, you will LOVE this show. Many of the elements are very similar, which shouldn't be surprising because I think the creator of this show is a former Buffy writer. However it doesn't feel like a retread. It feels fresh and fun. When this show debuted, another fairy-tale inspired show also bowed. I felt like I could only devote time to one of them, and for some reason I was drawn to the other based on early descriptions. I made a big mistake. Grimm blows that other fairy-tale show out of the water. I'm almost done with this season, but I don't want it to end.
can hardly wait for the new episodes to return and finish will keep watching until the series ends. great series.
I love the friend brother situation with Nolan.  I look forward to Emily becoming the person of Season 1 and 2, the broken girl-child looking for justice and pay back for father murder.  Charlotte is growing in so many ways its time for to find her career or education path.  I know the Daniel character is a pawn with Emily and Victoria but I hope he finds a solid path to maturity, he a likable guy.  Jack should find his way to go to Emily as an adult not the child they were.
I don't understand why Amazon asks people to rate prequal I mean it's like listening to a song for 30 seconds and then deciding whether you like it or not.
Loving this show, and my girl &#34;Kate Morgan&#34; from the CHUCK show Yvonne Strahowski. Pretty good show so far and its likely getting better!
love piper, she kicks  butt. girl spy very cool. auggie's pretty cool too! blind spy who would thunk it would work.
I love the puzzles these Agatha Christie movies present partly because the director and the actors are so good.
I am a huge fan of Chef Ramsey, this is the type of series you can watch over and over again and get fully entertained. The show is, as they say across the pond &#34;SPOT ON&#34;!
I love this show. looking forward to more seasons. There weren't any dislikes. I love how funny and entertaining they are.
I am a fan of this show, every season. It is really GREAT reality TV. Unlike the programs with pretty people in them, this is real life drama.  This is a dramatic story of never giving up and how to overcome adversity over and over again for a dream.  After three seasons, this episode seems to be the one where all the miners finally have the best victory of all, but only after literally three years of struggle and adversity.  This is real, this is not staged what so ever. These guys are in the middle of no where in Alaska, mining for gold. This episode has a brilliant and beautiful surprise ending that really moves you.
The first 4 seasons were great. I binged watched them. As in one episode after another. There are four characters that could be a lead in any show. I don't know who cast this show but the women are the finest of the fine. Eva is just incredible. Her range of emotions is incredible. For most everyone I would suggest giving this series a try.Chuck
Pure awesomeness!  Rarely will you find a film, particularly a comedy, which combines near-perfect writing with near-perfect direction with near-perfect acting.  But "Big Ass Spider" (BAS) seems to be the perfect storm.  But in a very good way.I did something that I rarely do:  buy a movie.  But I wanted to see BAS -- the reviews were really high from the critics, and I had seen a promo that looked really good -- and so when I went to rent this, I realized that for about twice the price, I could own this bad boy.  And if you think about it, if you go to a movie theater -- something that I haven't done in about four years, as it seems to be more dangerous than the spider in this film, what with people getting shot for doing minor things such as texting -- and there are at least two of you, it costs, what?  like 12 bucks?  And that would be a matinee without any goodies.  For $9.99 I can burn a hole in my Comcast monthly download maximum as many times as I want watching this laugh-fest.  At least up to my 250 gigs.So, while sitting in the safety of my own home, not having to worry about some other theater-goer going all postal on me. . . I got to sit back and see all of the awesomeness.  Sure, the spider is pretty Bad Ass, and said spider is pretty big, but I'm assuming that, unlike the film "The Ring" as an example, that same spider can't come through the screen and eat my face like that mean little girl with unresolved mommy issues.  But I can sit back, eat some popcorn, and watch that spider eat other peoples' faces, and I can laugh.And you'll laugh plenty here too, just like I did, if you rent this film.  Better yet:  why not buy it?  It's only twice as much, and you'll get to witness pure awesomeness.  Over and over.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia is one my guilty pleasures in life. The characters are complete losers and the plots are crazy, but thanks to great writing its one of the funniest series currently on television.When I ordered this last week I only paid $24.99 and it is well worth the price for the uncut episodes. This season had a twist with Mac gaining weight and all is revealed in "How Mac Got Fat". My favorite episodes are the two-part season finale in which the gang, and Frank, returns to their high school for a reunion.The episodes in season seven are:Disc 1:Frank's Pretty WomanThe Gang Goes to The Jersey ShoreFrank Reynolds' Little BeautiesSweet Dee Gets AuditedFrank's BrotherThe Storm of the CenturyChardee Macdennis: The Game of GamesDisc 2:The Anti-Social NetworkThe Gang Gets TrappedHow Mac Got FatThunder Gum ExpressThe High School ReunionThe High School Reunion Part 2: The Gang's RevengeSpecial Features:Blooper ReelArtemis Tours PhiladelphiaCommentary on: "The Anti-Social Network", "The Gang Gets Trapped", and "The High School Reunion Part 2"
Love it. I saw it on the internet first and had to buy the dvd. Each season gets better and better. The contestants are over-the-top, out-of-the box outragously talented.
Music is great and I find myself rooting for characters.  It can play in the background while I'm doing other things and doesn't detract from my other activities.
I don't normally like many reality shows since most of them I believe are dumb and not worth the time.  However, I do enjoy true crime shows and this series shows honest-to-goodness detective work.  Most of these are inner city gang or drug related murders, but there are plenty of others as well, like with innocent vivtims. It isn't very graphic as they may only show a victims hands or feet and maybe some blood. It details how hard the detectives work to solve murders,  I like watching the interrogations and especially when they find the perp and arrest him/her. Thumbs up!
I love this show.
The CW's ARROW had a very auspicious start when it began in 2012. The first season seemed to be a mismash of BATMAN BEGINS (only with a lot more killing) and Sam Raimi's first SPIDER-MAN film in regards to the love triangle between Oliver Queen (Stephen Amell), Laurel Lance (Katie Cassidy) and Tommy Merlyn (Colin Donnell), and how showrunner Greg Berlanti seemed to be determined to turn Tommy into the Harry Osborn character who would eventually take up arms against &#34;The Hood&#34; as his father Malcolm (the fantastic John Barrowman) did. Each episode counting down to the finale seemed to be leading in that direction until suddenly, the finale of the first season came, and it seemed like every cliched moment the show had displayed was suddenly turned on its head. The Undertaking wasn't able to be stopped, and although Moira Queen (Susanna Thompson) finally took responsibility for her part in it, and Malcolm was killed by Oliver, much of Starling City was left in ruins and our heroes watched as people they loved died. It was the ultimate television shocker; a show that was pretty good but not great... that actually ended its first season with the heroes winning the battles but losing the war. That was a really ballsy move on ARROW's part, and one that I had to applaud them for. Suddenly, I was very excited to where the second season would take us.And the second season didn't disappoint at all.This season really is about Ollie's three different families: his real family with mother Moira, sister Thea (Willa Holland), her boyfriend Roy (Colton Haynes), Laurel's dad and new Arrow fan club member Quentin (Paul Blackthorne); his crime-fighting family of Diggle (David Ramsey), Felicity (the great Emily Bett Rickards), and seemingly-resurrected Sara Lance (now played by Caity Lotz) as &#34;The Canary&#34;; and his Purgatory island family of Slade Wilson (Manu Bennett), Shado (Celina Jade), as well as Sara and how they all intersect. After Oliver makes a fateful decision to save one of his island family members over the other from the hands of the severely morally-compromised Dr. Anthony Ivo (Dylan Neal) in his never-ending search for a super-serum called &#34;mirakuru&#34; (which Slade now has coursing through his veins, saving him from certain death but also slowly driving him insane), the island family is thrown into chaos which catches up with Oliver and his other two families in the here and now. Wilson arrives in Starling to not only destroy the city, but to take away everyone that Oliver cares about, leaving him as alone and agonized as he is. Another emerging threat to the city is Brother Blood aka Sebastian Blood (Kevin Alejandro), a seemingly forthright mayoral candidate who is also a lunatic bent on shaping Starling to his vision. Good will battle evil, and in some cases, team up with evil, and only one side can be victorious.The pace this season kept is miles beyond what was started in the first season. Everything is better; the story, the character arcs (with the exception of poor Laurel, whose primary arc is little more than an afterschool special about the dangers of alcohol and drug addiction), the action, the interplay between characters, the big surprises (including another great character back from the dead), and the inclusion of many more DC Universe easter eggs, most especially being Grant Gustin appearing at the midpoint of the season to play Barry Allen, who fans of the comics will know as eventually becoming The Flash (whose appearance was so hyped that it gave ARROW its own un-official spin-off). This season also brought us Amanda Waller (Cynthia Addai-Robinson) and Task Force X (aka The Suicide Squad), as well as Nyssa Al Ghul (Katrina Law, another veteran of the great cable series SPARTACUS like Bennett and Addai-Robinson) and the League of Assassins. If this weren't a 22-episode season, all this might have seemed like a bit much, but these are characters that absolutely end up benefitting this show. It also introduces Isabel Rochev, a possible ally/love-interest/villain in the personage of Summer Glau, who is an actress I love to see work, but her presence seems to doom some really good to excellent shows (see FIREFLY, THE SARAH CONNOR CHRONICLES, THE UNIT, DOLLHOUSE, and ALPHAS).While it's obviously Amell's show, and it lives and dies by his blend of guilt, charisma, physical prowess, and gravitas, this season firmly belongs to Bennett as Slade Wilson. He's a much deadlier threat than that of Malcolm Merlyn (despite how much I love John Barrowman), and his performance never rings false for a moment. A hero is pretty much only as good as his villains, and while this season has plenty to spare, no one comes close to the imposing presence of Bennett, who is truly remarkable.ARROW is obviously a much different show than the CW's superheroic prequel series SMALLVILLE, but they're both following very similar dynamics. If you look at the two, structure-wise, they're very similar even down to the beautiful nerdy girl who's constantly friend-zoned by the man she obviously loves (which eerily enough ends up being Oliver Queen in both shows!), but ARROW is confident to take a darker path with a more down-to-earth hero, and gives more opportunities to make an even more solid ensemble than SMALLVILLE did.
I have always loved sci-fi stuff but real science intimidated me a LOT. I went back to college in my 40s and found out not only did I like science I was pretty good at it. This led to an interest in shows and books I wouldn't have touched earlier. This show takes the people on the cutting edge of science and tops in their field and presents their ideas in laymen terms as much as possible. Since I am definitely a layman I appreciate this very much. I am looking forward to season 3 :-)!
Justified is a great show. Timothy Olyphant is amazing. The show always keeps you guessing and never disappoints. Highly recommended
I watched all of the possible new Amazon Programming that interested me. I thought this was very good. I would like to see Bosch developed and produced also. I do not have the FX channel so I will have to wait until the new season shows up in Prime.
The best complient an actor can get is that his or her character is memorable, and you care about them. The best compliment a writer can get is that the stories are beleivable and unpredictable. This show is compliment rich. I'm not a fan of the big hair, y'all crowd but these are real people in real situations that are not overly dramatized. Each season does get better and as you know some characters are leaving the show, their exits are done realistically and without detachment. We started watching out of boredom and are now hooked. A great series!
You do not have to be a fan of the comic book to appreciate the show. Fantastic, gripping and brilliant.
I checked out the pilot when I saw Sam Liu and Bruce Timm were involved, was immediately hooked and got an amazon video pass for the whole season.  At first I was skeptical of the 3D animation medium, especially since it's been done so badly before with superheroes (iron man, spiderman), but the simplified palette and detail characterized by Timm's style translated perfectly into the 3D medium.  What sealed the deal was they that they didn't skimp on details, such as the perfect syncing of the facial expressions and mouth movement to the dialog, the models being complex enough to give very human like expressions.  Clearly some pixar-level talent was involved in this series.  The art and style of this series is sublime, worthy to stand among the other feature-length animated superhero films from Sam Liu in the last half-decade.Aside from surface details, the voice acting is top-notch and the stories are amazingly well done.  The antimonitor arc was engaging and enjoyable.  It brought back some decades old memories of these green lantern stories and honors them with this modern re-imaginination.
I love how the series is wrapping up this season. But I hate that the series is wrapping up. Seriously. What will I do without the HIMYM gang to make me laugh...?? Guess I'll just have to start all over again with season 1.
The show started off great but kinda got lost after the tenth episode. Still fun, but you can tell the writers were looking for some filler to stretch out the season.
So funny
The characters are so well developed and even though the Zombie killings are totally gruesome, I can't help but watch how they kill them.  They are so creative in the methods.  Can't wait from week to week in regard to what's going to happen next.  The tension between Rick and the Governor is really something to watch.
excellent true life presentation of issues related to use of psychics for investigation.  well balanced and no hype. usual quality for ID
I want more!  This ended way to fast for me.  Wanted to see the next show!  As usual though this one won't be picked!
Couldn't be any wittier or funnier or more entertaining.  I re-watch the old episodes as there are no new ones to enjoy.  Seems animation is the only place to look these days for good television.  No live action TV can hold a candle to Archer.
I was a very reluctant watcher of this series since it presents a very dark side to American culture, especially in the so called South. However the characters are so well formed and the acting excellent, I started to enjoy it on its own merits and now love the series without thinking too much about how it might reflect on the real world.Timothy Olyphant is modern time US Marshal (actually a deputy Marshal in this series) and his minimalist approach is superb. Flawed, skilled, dumb and intelligent all at the same time, he seems a strange mythical character. Each season of Justifed is devoted to the taking down of a particularly dystopian group of people with a mixture violence, political maneuvering and just plain luck. The accompanying cast are excellent and the whole series fits together well. So far the writers have kept the plots complex enough to be interesting with twists and turns that are revealed as the season progresses. So long as they leave it this way and do not pander to people with a short attention span, this series will survive.My wife and I love this series now and have moved on to series 5 having started at season 1. Thoroughly recommended to people who like interesting characters, reasonable plots and are not put off by the violence and dark dystopian picture it paints of life in the rural south.
I wasn't sure about this show at first but now I'm hooked.  The actors work well together, the plots are believable and the sets interesting.  This is really the best program on tv at this time.  May it have many, many seasons to come.
I love this show. the cast is great. piper is babelicious and a fine actress. I luv the actor who plays auggie, but my favorite actor/character is the mossad agent, eyal Levine. he was in the mummy movies. who knew? very well done show, same review for all 31/2 seasons.
I love how this show incorporates different genres of information and sprinkles it over this delicious cake of entertainment! Pete is my fave character!!
I've been to plays, but nothing so truly Broadway. Loved the characters and the endings. The stories within the  stories. Great concept.  Thank you for doing it!!  Loved the great actors, the dancers, costumes, the music.  So fun!
This show is just getting better and better as it goes along.  Its not better than the original NCIS, but it is a great spin off.  Usually I'm not a big fan of spin offs, only Law and Order: SVU I really can say I like.  The CSI spin offs were nothing I got into but they did a great job of casting these characters and it really feels like its own show.  CBS has made some really great show's in the last 10 years, and this is a new one I think they can be proud of.
Love the story line.  I am already regretting that this is the only season though that is available I have a feeling it is going to leave me hanging.
A very nice show for young children to watch.  My three year old loves these shows and it is so much better than some of the programs out there today.
Season 5 answers alot of questions, but leaves alot.  The series took a turn instead of investigating strange phenomena, to fighting against oppression (resistance is not futile).  A turning towards family and looking to finding the strength we find in each other and others to fight to exist and to ensure love triumphs over the evil observers.
Clever adult cartoon...pretty funny take on the whole spy genre...not for kids...plenty of out loud laughs. Great for marathon viewing!
Funny and addictive!
This was hilarious. A nice chance to laugh heartily. The Onion can be hit-or-miss, but this was definitely a hit. The satire is omnipresent, the jokes are quick enough, and the characters are goofy/interesting enough that I want to see them develop. Jeffrey Tambor was perfect (as usual). I really hope this makes it to series. This is the last of the Amazon Pilots that I watched, and it was definitely the funniest of the bunch.
great cast, great story line. love the drama, the exciting twists and turns. I can not wait for season 3
I have enjoyed this first season with episodes that have been quite funny to me. It has a very good cast and I hope for a second season.
The ending is quite surprising and am glad they ended it the way they did... More Burn Notice please.... Maybe a spin off with Jesse and Sam??
I loved this story and hope they were able to close up the questions in Season2.  It's a very unique story of police corruption.
Like reading a cool SciFi/fantasy novel where the underlying theme is about networks killing off TV shows like mindless drones set in force by some unknown beings from long ago. Maybe there will be a rebirth of this show after the suspended animation wears off.
I enjoyed the series. It had a good blend of story lines and kept up my interest. To bad it did not continue.
Honestly, I am SO tired of the endless repeated scripts of most movies.  This one was a treat.  The actors did a really good job, the special effects...especially the baby grabbers...were wonderful, and the whole thing was entertaining.  This is a refreshing and fun movie.
I watched it all the way through on the holiday weekend! Each episode was filled with suspense. I never imagined the outcome of the final episode, all I can say is &#34;This show has some incredible, dynamic writers who love to pull you into the story and, have you on the edge of your seat!&#34; Each time when I thought I knew what would happen Harvey, Jessica, Mike, and Lewis Litt would always impress!Can't wait to see another season, so glad I watched watched this show by chance, it turned out to be one of my favorites. Interesting, suspenseful, excellent storyline!
Note: I saw every episode of HOSTAGES via XFinity On Demand.The latest television show from producer Jerry Bruckheimer (TOP GUN, THE ROCK, CON AIR, PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN, PRINCE OF PERSIA: THE SANDS OF TIME), CSI, CSI: NY) is a very well-written and tightly plotted suspense thriller with top-notch acting. Each episode is a piece to a very complex, yet ultimately rewarding and richly satisfying, puzzle.Hopefully, the show gets renewed for a second season.
I like the period piece taking place in the '80s. The characters are believable and well developed. A good dramatic show.
wonderful!!!! great characters!  Grant Bowler is fabulous in this show!! Julie Bentz is a great mayor and the action is fabulous!!
Zombie shows just don't get any better than The Walking Dead! Season 4 is packed with so many surprises at every turn. This is an intense season of WD.
This is one of those shows that should be watched by the entire family, as we use to do 35 years ago... and discuss the brilliance and history that intertwines in this mostly fictional drama about another time in our history, our lives, our America.
No matter what season, the show is great.  I am always amazed to see what the designers come up with considering the time restraints that they are on.  I especially like the challenges where they have to use unconventional materials.  I have a great imagination but I could never come up with the ideas that the designers do.  I love Heidi and Tim too.  They make the show.  It just wouldn't be Project Runway without them.
By far the best of the comedy pilots I have watched so far. I really hope this gets picked up. Feels like a show you would see on HBO. Clever and funny and an excellent cast. I really want to see more episodes!!!!
This is a fun, witty, and tense show that makes me wonder why it took me two years to jump on the bandwagon.
Great show. Interesting premise. A fun escape.
I love this show. It definitely creates a yin and yang to the serial killer persona. Plan on ordering the other seasons. Item arrived on time, packaged well and as expected.
GREAT CFARACTERS GREAT PLOTS GREAT SUBPLOTS THE BREAK OUT SHOW OF THE SEASON I LOVE IT ....IT JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER
This is one of my favorite episodes. Tim's Grandmother, and what a fantastic actress/character she is. It shows the closeness of Tim and his grandmother. The brotherly  feelings between Tim and Tony, and of course more of Gibbs as father figure. An entertaining show.
I'm a redneck so of course I relate well with their humor and philosophy of life. Even if you're not of the redneck culture, you'll laugh throughout every episode.
This was a great series, too bad it's gone. Sarah Shahi and Damien Lewis were perfect in their roles. Great off center cop show. The crime scenes were always interesting and reminded me of the openings to another great series "dead like me".
How can you lose with these two?  It was a movie jam packed with action and it kept me glued to my seat.
We love Shaun the Sheep and Timmy is on those programs and is SO adorable and when we saw there were Timmy videos...enough said...we (my grandson) was GLUED to the TV and just loves this program.  Mind you, we only watch TV in the evenings before bed because we play all the rest of the time when he is with us (grandparents).
From the Title of this review, you know where I'm going to take this.  First of all, let me say I'm not a fan of the horror genre.  I  don't go to them at the movies.  I don't bother with them on TV.  In spite of all the blood and gore, I find them tedious, predictable, and boring.  But I gave this one a shot in a desperate attempt to find something watchable in what is mostly a sea of mediocre filler on Prime.  Frankly, I didn't think I'd make it to the second episode.  But here and there are some surprising gems on Prime, although often rare and difficult to find.This is an excellent series that stands with the best.  There's the expected, horror, blood, and hideous gore perpetrated by demented sadists in charge of the institution.  They are Hell bent on making the lives of the inmates horrible beyond mention.  Some inmates shouldn`t even be in an asylum.  In fact, the basic premise is a horror clich&eacute;, but it's written and executed with aplomb.  It defies the usual tedium of typical horror by being delightfully unpredictable, and interesting.  Yes, interesting.  If it were a book, I'd call it a page turner.There's humor too, usually dark and dry to be sure, but I found myself laughing at some very clever lines.  If you can believe this, Episode 10, even has a brief respite with a production number, featuring Jessica Lange, and the rest of the wretched inmates doing a bouncy song and dance production in the middle of all the asylum chaos.  I know how this sounds totally inappropriate, but it actually lends itself quite well and makes sense in its particular context.  I backed it up and watched it twice, and I still want to watch it again.This series is probably the biggest surprise I've had on Prime.  Lange, who I've not seen much of in recent years comes out of obscurity and gives a wonderful performance.  She's not on her own, either.  She's working with some other well known and capable talent working outside their usual roles, at least the roles I`ve seen them in.  The rest of the cast is excellent too.  Perhaps the director deserves some credit for this.  The cast seems to fit together unusually well.  It's worth a watch.  You might be surprised.
I have always been a fan of the Warehouse 13 series. Good family fun. I am pleasantly surprised to see this season 4 offered as a Prime membership bonus and am catching up on the characters and plots that I would otherwise have missed.Thank You for all of your Prime movies.
My kids love this show and I love that it's safe for them to watch. I feel confident that they can watch it and I don't have to worry that they will see something they shouldn't.
There is something about Matt's Christmas specials that are more fairytale and magical than any of those with former Doctor incarnations. They're all fun though no matter what. Matt's version of Dr. Who is warm, silly, and kind.
The two main leads are fun to watch and work really well off of each other.  When I check my Kindle for new episodes, this is the series I check first cause it always leave me with a grin. (Hannibal, The Blacklist, Elementary are even better, but not always fun.)
Love NCIS - enjoyed Season 4.  Watching every episode of every season to date to have a better understanding of the characters.  This is an awesome show.
I love series 5 of the Poirot series. We learn a lot about Poirot as a young policeman and detective. We learn how he got the silver lapel pin he always wears. I believe he was in love. It is a great series and David Suchet does a wonderful job. I highly recommend this series to all Agatha Christie lovers.
I am a Walking Dead fan head so nothing that they produce is les than 5 stars for me. A bit slower than the previous seasons but that is good because it allows more depth to be created by each of the actors.
I absolutely loved this series. Characters are interesting and real life situations are the problems. Part comedy, part mystery . Something for everyone to enjoy especially if you are sick of all this sci-fi stuff'
I loved the pilot of this series. And I want to see more of it!! It surely has my vote!!
British television does a lot of very good work, but sometimes, the various British accents are difficult to comprehend.  This miniseries started out slow, and the relationship between the main protagonists was a bit tough to warm up to.  As the series progressed, the plot lines took shape, and the story became compelling.The background, in 1956, was a period when I was just growing much more aware of the world, and news of conflicts around the world became very real, and scary.  I don't know how that aspect of the story will relate with younger viewers, but for me, it brought back the memories of nuclear bomb safety drills in school.Once into this miniseries, it becomes a binge watching lost day.
Being a huge fan of Craig Johnson's series about Walt Longmire, I am so happy to be able to add the TV series to my video library.  Here's to a long, long run!  Will be telling my friends about this program.Maggie
I really like this series.  Good actors and I love the character development.  Well written.  Started watching the series during Season 2, so I was glad Amazon.com offered Season 1 on Kindle so I could get caught up!
Excellently done.  Would love to see this as a series.  Killer acting, writing and directing.  And it's a world that's totally ripe for the picking.  And New York City is the greatest city in the world.  This pilot is incredibly promising.  Please green light!
A typical sci fi. I was wondering it's there only one season of this. I watch the whole season in two days
Excellent....Story lines are great.Can be intense at times.Try watching with no interruptions when viewing.Bring more Copper on....
Great show with funny characters, good plots ,and really enjoyable episodes.
This show has always been a 5 star .even though Ziva left. CBS has made her leaving smooth. I'm like Tony, I look at the elevator waiting to see her get off.but with the fill-ins CBS still has Great stories and plots.Plus, the female cost guard agent would make a good fit to the team. She use to play on law and order. The team needs another confident female who has sex appeal.
I bought this series for my wife not believing I'd watch it. I missed the first couple of episodes but happened to watch an early one and was soon hooked by the excellent writing, the great cast of characters and the drama.I've been particularly surprised by the level of emotion the show evokes. The writers sure know how to create moments of exhilaration and others that pull on your heart strings.My wife and I are eagerly awaiting the arrival of season 2 in 2014.
Great show, and the episodes are short - nice way to bring some comedy and drama into your life for that special computer geek or someone that just wants to see a good short TV show.  A good quick fix that you don't have to sacrifice your social life to watch.  Well done Amazon, well done.
Wow, a show worthy of the Hannibal name! I love it.  Excellent show, I'll be waiting for more episodes, A+
This show is absolutely hilarious! I can't begin to say how entertaining Archer is to the uninitiated. If you're unfamiliar with the show, it's an animiated comedy about a dysfunctional spy agency in NYC with the mother of the main character running it, with some excellent background characters as well. Every episode is great in its own way and are just as fun upon multiple viewings. There's even some decent continuity between the episodes here and in later seasons. Often times the first season of new shows are good enough to keep you watching but really starts to shine as it progresses, but Archer has been great on many levels since the first ep and is just as good or better than more recent ones. If you're a fan of animated comedy or spy-satire get this and you won't be disappointed.
I was VERY impressed with the way this movie plays out.  I remember seeing it on the Horror Blogs/sites and not giving it much attention, but the other day, I finally decided to give it a go.  Boy am I glad I did!  The ONLY complaint I have with the movie is Kether Donohue's acting during her video "outing" the whole situation.  Her acting during the actual event was REALLY good, but it seems during the one on one footage that she was a little less sure of herself.  I don't know,...I'm no film expert, so maybe I'm thinking too much into it.  Regardless, if you like the "found footage" genre, then you simply MUST watch this movie.  If they had put in out into the media as a publicity stunt and "leaked" some of the footage, I believe this would have gone out as a massive scare.  It one of those movies that makes you think it's something that could actually happen!  The subject matter is part of the reason why I'm not a fan of swimming in lakes and ponds or any other natural body of water.  You never know what's in there!The movie begins with Donna (Kether Donohue) making a video to tell the world what actually happened on July 4, 2009 in her small town of Maryland.  The movie follows Donna as she is making her video and playing/discussing the footage that has since surfaced after the whole ordeal.  During the town's Fourth of July festivities, people begin to become ill from what they think is some type of virus.  This leads to chaos erupting amongst the towns citizens and leaders and eventually becomes a matter of national security.The movie is played out mostly through the newscast that Donna works for.  It's her first time in the field and she's suddenly stumbled into the story of the century.  Throughout the movie, we see clips of homemade footage shot by other locals and town leaders.  The fact that most of it is newsfeed makes it FAR more watchable then most "found footage" movies out.  In my opinion, at least.Everyone needs to watch this movies.  Whether you're a "horror" fan or not.  It's just a really interesting movie.
Love seeing this kind of dark, flashy nuttiness set in the classical music world. Excellent dialogue and acting. Also love the NYC setting. Hope it gets picked up!
Great music and interesting character arcs, I have enjoyed watching this show and somehow I always seem to shed a tear.
After watching this show, I was bummed that I didnt take the time to catch the show when it was on tv. Not a great show but entertaining. Which is why you watch these shows to begin with.
I wondered where 007 got his training!  This guy mades Bond look like professor Clueso.  Should run at least ten seasons.
this season was awesome and it had a little bit of all the characters which was great like seeing Cable and Bishop in action not to mention Gambit my 3 favorite x-men yeah wolverines behind them in my list.it shows days of future past part 1 and 2 which there making the movie for now, not sure if the movie will be like the cartoon though seeing that so far I noticed Gambit isn't even in the movie and he's the reason why Bishop comes back in the past because mystiq transformed into gambit and killed the president so he had to go back in the past and kill gambit but later found out it was mystiq, then rouge comes in and breaks bishops thing to send him back to his time cause in the cartoon rouge and gambit are kinda like on and off going out, I really hope for the movie to be like the cartoon, if they don't have gambit in the movie I wont even bother watching it.
Season two has avoided the sophomore  jinx of other series. It operates on so many different levels. In the guise of a spy thriller it  is really a story about love, marriage, and family. You care about everyone . You know it is not going to end well for these people . In the end this series will probably break our heart, but you can't look away.  I look forward to every episode .
I love the relationships between the characters and the scify-ness of it all! I enjoy the creativeness and humor the writers include in the scripts. Well acted, sometimes even  campy - but thats part of the fun!!!
If you like action this is a great movie for that. Awesome fight scenes and worth watching! Move over Jackie, Tony Jaa just took your place!
Great show, just wish it was more than 13 episodes.  I am really hoping this show gets a green light for a second season.  I would really like to know how the rest of the story unfolds after that awesome battle finale.  If you are weary of this show don't be.  Laura Vandervoort was great in the show &#34;V&#34; but she really shines in Bitten.  A+++ show, check it out!
Dana Delany fan since China Beach so no surprise I like this show. It is a little fluffier than something like Bones but enjoyable none the less. Recommend this to anyone who likes Dana Delany and dramatic shows. There is a storyline that is woven through the entire series and once you are hooked, you are hooked.
I was hooked when this show first came on TV.  To my dismay, I was not able to see the last 2 seasons due to direct tv's purchase of the property.  Thankfully, Amazon Prime came through and I was able to complete it.  Season 4 proved better than the others.  Always on the edge of my seat.  Great writing, directing and acting.
I like to watch this show because it deals with a lot of forensics and investigations. Like Nova and Nature, i recommend this show.
if you like spy movies you'll like this. Great drama between their spy life and their family life. Love how they are living right next door to the FBI agent. Makes you wonder who your neighbors really are?
I really loved watching this series and the reality of how life was in London so many years ago. The situations are heart breaking but things that actually do occurr in life. Amazing cast!!!
Fantastic cast.  Very well written.  Wonderful mix of comedy and drama.  My only criticism is that it was way too short.
This is a great show for children in pre-k or even younger. It really helps introduce counting and small arithmetic operations such as adding and subtracting small numbers. The characters are very kid friendly and their adventures involve real people as well as other animated characters. You cannot go wrong with this show!
The team is really good at the con to help them get the bad people who are always up to no good.
FBB always gets my kids up and dancing!  It has also created a love for music so that they enjoy practicing their instruments now.
Omg, I love these two broads! Such great writing, acting, situations. I could compare it to Workaholics but will resist the temptation because this show is its own wonderful experience. They're both absolutely perfect in their character creation - I find both instantly sympathetic and relatable, no matter how outrageous they get. Sign of truly excellent development on all fronts.  Hope this series turns out to be a huge hit - I'd love to see Abbi and Ilana grow and evolve through future seasons.
This show never fails to make me laugh and this season is no different. I love, love, love Sheldon and how you never know what to expect from him.
I just love the series Heroes and have all of their seasons, it a great TV Show which I highly recommendpeople to see it! But to Understand it, you will have to start out watching the Seasons in order i.e. do notwatch season 2 without watching season 1 First, or you will have problems figuring out who's the good guysand who's the bad guys!  Same thing with seasons 3 and 4
Ok guilty pleasure here I like Sigourney Weaver. While we all look at her like a the Hillary Clintonesque model I just don't find this version of Hillary believable ...I mean the presidents plane slips? what are the wheels made out of roller skates?
I give it a 5 because it is full of suspense and gives a little of the corrupt side of politics
Foyles war is absolutely worth watching. British drama is number one and this series is no exception. I can not wait for the new series to begin and hope PBS shows it.
Not to say the talent last season was sub par, but the challenges were getting a little game show gimmicky. I was thinking they were going to play Plinko to pick their protein. I get the feeling the producers were feeling this as well. So far my wife and I have been really enjoying the fresh twists this season.  I was shocked that Stefan was not picked for Top Chef All Stars, glad to see him get a second chance.Anyway, this show has always been a 42-43 minute vacation each week to watch highly talented professionals make incredible creative creations. Besides Michael Palin's travel narratives, this is the best reality television around.
Great series, I loved all the characters. I'm not usually into macho movies, but could not stop watching it. Hope they make more like this.
I truly enjoyed this program and wish it had run longer. The setting, costuming, and set direction was amazing; as was the acting.
The drama on this show is kind of wack. I don't know, but for some reason this is getting old.
I've always like Benedict Cumberbatch. I first watched him in Masterpiece Theater's Sherlock which he does masterfully. I haven't watched all of this series but the first episodes were very exciting.
65 years into the future with tech that is impressive and the world is owned by corporations versus governments. . .We see this in a lot of sci-fi movies and shows where corporations have more power than governments.  Terrorist group called Liber8 are setting their plans in motion to remove the corporate mechanism from the governing body by any means necessary.  They go back to the past and inadvertently travel back with a CSP officer in hot pursuit.  She hot, smart, and kicks butt to get justice. . .but its 2012 where tech is low, almost ancient compared to what she knows, but she finds a helping hand in the creator of the tech as he's starting off.  But its not so black and white as the story progresses where corporations are holding back the limited resources to the needy.  As what she believed was her duty is not an absolute anymore.  Her convictions are tested as she meets important people from the past taught in history about their achievements and accomplishments.Enter the age old conundrums of is it bad the rebel against the government?  Rebellion vs. Alliance?  Is the belief sacrificing some for the many a valid argument?  Will taking a different course of action from the history lead to a new timeline?Great season starter with 10 episodes.  Stories suck you in with action, comedy, intrigue, and sex appeal.
This show is the perfect combination of smart and charming. The characters are fully realized even though we&#8217;re just starting to get to know them. And we WANT to get to know them. The classical music in the background is a plus for me, but if a story is good and the characters engaging, it can take place anywhere. The show happens to be set in the NYC Symphony, but it is just a setting, not a prop &#8211; or a crutch. This is a show of which I&#8217;m actually eager to see more. Everyone involved with this project should be proud of the work they&#8217;ve done. This is art and entertainment at its best.
I look forward to this show every week, and I really like Felicity, she plays her character very well.  There really are a lot of characters I like in this show.
It's funny that the SyFy channel can't seem to come up with story lines as interesting as this Canadian made Program. The only problem with this production is that it appears to suffer from budget constraints. The actors dialog are not re-recorded in a studio so it can be hard to understand what they're saying at times with the background noise that would be filtered out in an US production. If you haven't seen the first year yet, you need to see that before watching this season. It's a series program like Fringe was.
I love this show it is well done and the cast is super. The story lines are engaging and well thought out clearly this series is worthy of inclusion in the PBS Masterpiece series.
If you are looking to watch a show to be entertained, this is the show for you. We are always guaranteed a good laugh when watching this show.
When 'The Newsroom' was first announced, it was reported to be Aaron Sorkin's take on a late night comedy news show, similar to 'The Colbert Report' or 'The Daily Show.' Instead what we got was something preachy, obnoxious, and in love with the smell of its own farts.'The Onion News Empire' is what I wanted 'The Newsroom' to be. It's clever, witty, smartly-written, has some instantly likeable characters, and oh yeah, it's funny as hell. Also, I loved Malcolm in the Middle growing up and am thrilled to see Francais again. Can't wait for more episodes!
I am an old Doctor Who fan from way back and the new Doctor Who is the best. Last season the Doctor had to fake his death, but this season he is back with Amy and Rory. Things are not going well but they all work together to solve a series of serious problems. Back and strong as ever in the "helping humanity" department the Doctor still has it this season. Come and watch!
I'm a long time fan of Michael Connelly, especially the Harry Bosch novels, and this is an excellent telling. Based on the novel 'City of Bones' the pilot episode sets the stage and introduces the characters flawlessly. I can't wait to see the rest of the season!
I have watched this series on and off for a while and thought it was time to fill in the gaps by seeing all of them in sequence and I am really glad I did. It all now makes sense and now I also have this really hot cast on DVD to watch any time I want! HOT GUYS and pretty girls in the cast and well written and acted.
I imagine its hard to be NOVA and keep coming up with all these great programs, I've never see a bad one - Have YOU?
Little Bill is fun for a wide variety of ages.  I have two grandchildren ages 5 and 7, one boy, one girl, and they both like Little Bill.
I have been glued to every episode of every season.  The show is so well written.Starting out a bit slower than what I was expecting.  But I think I've watched every episode of all seasons maybe 10 times.  Archer addict.
Very interesting.  Even though I have watch other programs on President Kennedy, I found this one very interesting because it focused a lot on his father. This brought information I was not aware of.  Enjoyed the show recommend it.
Amazing Show. They have tried to reproduce it but yet. The show has gotten better every season and for their final season this may be the best yet.
I don't normally care for paranormal shows but this one is pretty good. I'm on Season 3 and have enjoyed each season.
He is the perfect sheriff  ans I never missed the show clever in every wayI have shown it to a lot of people that did not know it existed
2013:Season 1 - (5-stars)Smart, thoughtful, quick-witted, and genuine chemistry between Jonny Lee Miller & Lucy Liu (quite the strange pair)Season 2 - (4 stars)Everything great from season 1 except it seems slowerAlso, something was lost from season 1 to season 2 - don't know what it is (camera shots, editing, writing, Lucy's wardrobe, slower dialog, ??).More Lucy legs was a good thing, but definitely lost it's luster.
Justified is one of the best Series that I've watched.  Every Episode and Season is GREAT!  I just wish that Justified Season 5 would become one of the Amazon Prime collections!  Maybe soon!
I love this show. at first I thought another stupid reality show wtf. but I watched it and laughed my ass off
Didn't know what to expect with this series, but as the season progressed, I was very please to see where the network has taken the show.  I will be very interested to see where it goes in the future.
I love sci-fi with its twist on the known with what might be. Warehouse 13 has a great ensemble cast, crazy stories with the right mix of adventure, romance, action, and even just plain fun episodes. Occasionally, some very serious themes are engaged and treated with respect and caring. All in all, Warehouse 13 is great entertainment with its own flavor. Try some some time!
Love this show. It is based on a book. It is a very strange show but fun. No problems with the DVDs and came fast.
I'd back this project without a doubt.  My one observation is that I preferred the traditional two dimensional backgrounds verse the full rendered CGI environments.  The CGI scenes just seemed to have too much stuff in them to be really appreciated by anyone; adult or child.I like the voice acting, the basic plot of the main character discovering nature and physics via his attempts at play, but I'm not too keen on the character design.  Yet the character design is just my personal choice.  If it were me, I might make Fig more fox-like.  Maybe bring his eyes a little closer together by just a scoch.Otherwise it really is delightful.  Good children's material.  Excellent stuff.
Although it's a bit too gruesome at times, I find this series awesome in it's writing.  I get drawn in each episode!
mj is an oversaturated bag of hatred and meanness. the physics of her situation do not end well. i like the show, especially the lunatic golenessa (GG), but mj is a hot mess and not in a good way. more later because amazon only lets us do one review per season...
I simply have to see what happens next... That is the very definition of mus see television. Much better than anything else i've seen on Amazon originals to date.
AN INTERESTING NEW IDEA IN SOLVING CRIMES OF ALL SORTS. IF YOU LIKE HOUSE, YOU SHOLD LIKE THIS. ATTITUDE EVERYWHERE.
Castle is really just a lot of fun.  I can't stand most shows like this, just too repetitive, and every single one of them (ncis - law and order) is so close in both form and content if you've seen one then you've seen em all.  Castle manages to break out of that mold with a VERY strong cast - i can't stress how strong - and great writing.Give it a shot. If you don't fall in love with Beckett and Castle with the first few episodes you aren't human.
I love the character &#34;Jay&#34; and really appreciate that the writers of this program allow at least one male lead to sometimes appear intelligent, strong and compassionate. The kids are a scream.  Great acting all around!
I love this show and was wondering how the writers would resolved last season's cliff-hanger. Well, they did a great job and set up this season for a lot of great shows.
Real substance and content matter, with great acting.  What is there not to love? I'd love to see this quality content in a series. Pick it up, Amazon!
each season is better then the last these guys really know what is funny and like to push the limits in what they say and do truly a funny show
I really enjoy these guys(and their wives) and what they have to do to survive. Otto is my favorite, the man knows his animals, machines and how to build stuff. I want to know what planet Eve came from! The lady has an awesome work ethic for a young person and is constantly up to something in her garden, chickens, bees and goats -and always seems to be happy.Well done Kilchers!!
The entire series 1 & 2 are brilliantly written, directed, performed and produced. The set design, costumes, integration of historical fact with fiction make for compelling viewing. The opening animated graffiti with live action integration and sound design also set the stage for each episode. Even though it is the same for both series I enjoyed watching it over and over at the front of each episode!The acting and cast are brilliant, HBO really know how to produce -this series is one of their best highly recommended!
Sci Fi at its level best the story mixes with the most interesting characters ever to visit the screen in Sci Fi action TV. The cast is a great mix of good and evil a realistic slice of the human experience. This show must continue it is well thought out and inventive in a new way which should be the new standard in the TV industry for a very long time to come.
I think we are FINALLY getting away from reality TV. This is going to be a great fantasy based series. It is suspenseful and the acting is well above average. The beheading is a bit gruesome, but give me a beheading over Honey Boo Boo any day. I will be waiting anxiously for episode 2.
Never a dull moment and lots of twists and turns to keep most viewers on the edge of their seats.  Cannot wait for the next season.  Writing and acting is very good.
Benedict Cumberbatch is a revelation; he is so compassionate and vulnerable. The violence is too graphic for me so cover your eyes if you are queasy. Adelaide Clemens and Rebecca Hall also give impressive performances. I've watched it about five times!! I'm definitely a huge Benedict fan; I've seen almost all of his stellar work!
This series takes an in depth view of people like Carnegie, Rockefeller and more.  You will learn about their personalities and how some of them interacted with each other.  This is an excellent  series for history buffs and a learning experience for students.  It is also worth a second look if one has viewed this series before.
This is one of the most entertaining series we've watched and what makes it so cool is that it inter-connects with Eureka. which is equally as good. sometimes the characters from Eureka appear on warehouse 13 and vice versa so we bounce back and forth between the 2 of them. meaning we watch one season of warehouse 13 then watch a season of Eureka. you will just love these 2 series. Try them and you will see.
There isn't anything bad to say about this series. I want it to go on and on. In fact, I dreaded watching the last episode of season 2 because I knew that was it. I know there is a third season, but it is not available - so far.  True entertainment. I fell in love with all of the characters - even felt sorry for Henry Dean - whom I despised all through the series. But, then in a twist of a writer's pen, I felt sorry for him. The writing in so well done that you want to know more about each of the characters. And, it is especially troubling to know that these stories are based on real life events. Come on Amazon - bring us Season 3!!
Out of practice shows were the best comedy l have seen in years !!  It's too bad it's not on today. We need shows like this one, so we can laugh more . All the actors were natural and very laughable. It will be missed by me and my husband. It was so real-life.  Thanks Amazon for showing it.
I really wish the seasons of this show were longer!  Very intense, good acting and story-lines, and I love Joel Kinnaman's character!
we need more shows like this
It Was Good That Movie How Long The New Serie Last It Look Good TV SERIE My Wife Like That Movie.
Simon  plays the wounded child lawyer, brilliant , blunt , confused,  reminded me of a Brit  who was in love and had no idea how to express it or actually demonstrate it. Yet you always knew that his heart wanted to do the right thing.  Never over acted and made lots of mistakes but eventually gets ther and you end up pulling for him as he try's so hard.  Loved it
Can't stop watching...Incredible !! This is a must see if you like to watch IRT !!  HONESTLY INCREDIBLE DRIVING EVER!
I am an avid fan of this series.  Storylines are very original and I appreciate the character development of the series stars.  Story revolves around the dedicated people looking to preserve the 'abnormals' living within human societies around the world.  Each weekly episode revolves around a different creature the group attempts to rescue.  I recommend this series to anyone who enjoys a good SiFi story.
Continued to enjoy each episode, sorry that this was the last season. Found myself going back and watching several episodes in the previous seasons.
great show! the mix of good and evil are just right served with a touch of back country justice and a bottle of tequlia and you got yourselves a meal you'll never regret eating!
I love anything by La Plante and I must confess, anything from Acorn and the Brits.  They know how to do it right.  Their leads have flaws, physical as well as emotional and what you see is what you get.  No silicone, plastic, botox, etc. The crimes are brutal, but what crime isn't.  Most are gory--this series is no exception.  The two leads are well cast and you do begin to pick up on the magnetism they have,  I am just so happy Amazon acquired these 2 seasons, and I hope there will be more available.  If you like the stuff on the networks, you won't like this, but if you are a fan of a really good mystery with great acting and a great script, you will enjoy this series.
This was a great pilot episode.  I was actually mad when the episode ended because it seemed like it just started and I wanted more.  I was entertained the whole episode, and I really hope this gets a full season order. Please order a full season, AMAZON!! Five Stars, easily.
When Ragnar is staring deep into your soul!!! Regardless of the blood, the sacrifices, the brutality... this show is well done! And you can't stop staring or contemplating whether Ragnar is the bad guy or the good guy... most likely a little of both; and sexy to boot!
Wonderful and back to crimes! I love it love it love it its great so good it freaks me out
NEVER A DULL MOMENT ON THIS SHOW, AND YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT TO EXOECT! A VERY ENTERTAINING SHOW!I WATCH IT EVERY WEEK! WORTH EVERY PENNY TO SEE!
The entire cast was great.  Virginia Masden is such an underrated actor, the children were all very good.  This is a FEEL GOOD family movie with a very good storyline.  Highly recommend this for everyone.
One second to the Ghost Hunters, this program has the history, investigation and gung ho techniques of Zak, Aaron & Nick.As they go on their Ghost Adventures...
This is a great little gem of a horror flick, way better than the first one.  I really enjoyed this one and hope they make more of the same.  If you love horror you will like this movie, all of the short stories in this movie are great and rewatchable.  Definitely recommended.
Never saw this when it was on network; awesome that I found it on Amazon Prime. Fantastic acting; great characters; gritty drama. Can't stop watching.
Like Holmes, House is my favorite mystery solver. The show was a hit with me. I will miss watching it.
Creepy, scary, suspenseful and love watching over and over. I love Amazing post apocalyptic movies and this one is a doozy.
Season 2 was great, just enough side plot to keep us focused on the main plot.  Heros and  villans stepped up and did their parts.  Margo Martindale was great as a criminal overlord of a hillbilly dope empire.This is the second of what has been four great seasons with two great leads(Timothy Olyphant and Walton Goggins) and a fantastic supporting cast.  I have now watched all four seasons and this show is still growing and staying alive and thriving.
I enjoy watching this show.  It is clean and provides a great family time following! I am a people water and I enjoy learning about other people's prospective on life.
Watching this is like watching ER set in London in 1906. The production values are fabulous and the performances as you would expect -- great. Don't miss it.
We love this show.  It does have the problem of having one of the story lines for kids (I don't know why but TV producers seen to think they have to provide for an audience of 7 year olds ) but aside from that it is a very plausible story.  If you ever have spent an afternoon on the porch with friends discussing &#34;Could the human race could survive if an alien life form came for a visit to earth?&#34; - this show gives us all some hope.  My husband and I argue about the characters, did he do the right thing?, would power hungry people use this to their advantage to feed their own need for control, would a neighbor turn in people so she would be given food supplies by aliens? Are there enough decent humans to survive?
This is a great edicational show. My kids have watched the entire run of blues clues. They love to watch blue and Steve
this show is the funnest show ever and i love it, it is awesome and i could watch it all day long.thank you
These last eight episodes were so engrossing that I wanted to own them and did.  Wasn't able to catch up with the whole showon Netflix but can go back sometime now that it is over.  I wanted to be part of the last episodes viewing public and be ableto discuss with my kids who told me I had to watch this (for years actually)because it was the best thing they'd ever seen.Read everything online after each episode and now look forward to seeing what everyone thought of this finale.I thought it was heartbreaking.  That's how it broke bad for me.
This is a great show....even though I come from a  generation growing up in the sixties and seventies where bikers were not the norm. The story is really good even though there is some violence.
Love this show, and it just keeps getting better!
I have all the seasons, love this show and will always be my number one view. I plan what I do , if this has a marathon going I am staying home. Thanks Amazon.
Kind of violent but you see a lot of that sort of thing today on TV.Someone who can be mean when appropriate and caring too when all the shooting and stabbing is over.
Among a world of reality TV, Suits is a refreshing mix of intelligent characters and ploys and sexy romances. The cast is funny yet serious without forgetting their love lives!
Another great Whovian adventure season. Might get you thinking more about the paradoxical possibilities of time travel. Great fun for those who like deep challenges of the mind with their fantasies.
This show is probably the most addictive show I've ever watched. It's plots are interesting, it's characters engaging, lets face facts I'm hooked and have been since the very first show. It is not cheap and is always weird and interesting but then what would one expect from a show that is loosely based on anything by Stephen King. This show is a must for anyone who has a small iota of weirdness hidden within there minds, and for those who just want to get entertained, however act quick like many other shows of this type it has a shelf life and will probably within the next few seasons be gone, so take the plunge and enjoy.
It has just enough of an edge to keep it interesting. It's a bit like LA Law, but grittier. I binged viewed the first two seasons, as I just couldn't help myself. Its that good.
This show I never expected to like but had Kevin Bacon in it so figured it was worth a try fell in love with it constant surprises every time you think one thing something changes
This program is smart, funny, incredibly well written - with very clever connections to the original Sherlock Holmes.Elementary is directed and acted.  It's wonderful entertainment!
Great cast. Very enjoyable. Some of the interactions of the individuals are Hollywood style, not Wyoming style. But  good overall storylines.
While Season One of 24 focused much of its attention on President David Palmer, Seasons 2-4 saw the Oval Office by and large take a back seat to the missions of Jack Bauer and CTU.  However, Season Five brings some of the attention back to the sitting U.S. President (this time Charles Logan) and ends up with a much more well-rounded storyline.For a basic (non-spoilery) plot summary, a group of Russian terrorists threaten to release canisters of nerve gas in the U.S., leading Bauer to be reprieved from his thought-to-be death in order to help stop the crisis.  As CTU begins investigating the terrorism, however, it quickly becomes clear that the terrorists are working with a high-ranking government official, and the conspiracy begins to be unraveled.To be honest, at first I was skeptical of all the focus on President Logan, as didn't like his character and wasn't sure that he could command the camera as well as his predecessor Palmer.  However, by the end of the season, Logan is easily the most enjoyable/interesting character on the show.  His acting, along with his wife, chief of staff, and head of security, really gives the show the Presidential presence it lacked since that first season.Of course, there is still more than enough of Jack Bauer and his fellow CTU agents (Audrey Rains, Bill Buchanon, Edgar Stiles, Chloe O'Brien, etc.) to go around, which means that intense drama ensues in every single episode.  The writers have an amazing way to take a character that looks like a creep (think Tony Almeida and George Mason in the early seasons) and, by the end of a few episodes, have him become a noble hero, and that tradition continues in this season as well.The only "knock" I have on this season is that the cliffhanger endings of each episodes aren't quite as shocking (e.g. Nina Myers doesn't appear out of nowhere).  However, I think that was more of a creative choice by the writers, as the story is actually more coherent that any season besides the first one.  Instead of seemingly changing the plot of the show with every episode, Season Five slowly crescendos until the big finale.So, fans of 24 can purchase this season with confidence knowing that they will still get their action, drama, suspense, and some great twists and turns along the way.
My obsession with Vikings is complete. Season 2 rocked the continuing story of Ragnar Lothbrook. With the problems with his brother, wife, and the other Earls and King. The loss of a trusted friend and the possible betrayal of the one person who could always count on to stand by his size. . .all told with the beautiful violence that was of the time. Can't wait for season 3!!!!!
I really hope that they make Season 3 of American Horror Story...it is a great show with excellent writing, acting and story!  A++++
We wait all year for a new season of Swamp people, The folks feel like family and we cant wait to see how uncle Troy is doing !Even the cousins nobody wants to talk about LOL !!!!Duck Dynasty is our #1 this is a very close #2
I have been watching this show from the beginning and it is amazing!! I must admit that I haven't read the books, but I probably will now!!
This is one of my must watch shows.  He's so cheeky and she's all business, they make a good combination.  Have a collection going on with this one and manage to watch the reruns too.
Love this show.  It is one I can watch over and over again.  I have watched castle from the beginning also.
The plot thickens. The story takes more turns. Sydney continues to cry. The formula is solid. If you enjoy the fast paced spy thriller's with a touch of soap opera family trees, then the continuation of the saga is worth the time.
Note: I saw every episode of this show via XFinity On Demand.After a shocking Season I that found the positions in Silence Of The Lambs succulently reversed, with a bit of sinistrous musical assistance from the motion picture HANNIBAL, Season II kicks off with a fight to the death...literally, and then flashes back to the set-up, taking us all the way through to the surprising conclusion. Every episode is prepared with the utmost care, each shot carefully framed, and every moment of horror delicately masked with the most exquisite craftsmanship. The acting is first-rate, as is to be expected, and the pieces of classical music well-chosen to fit the drama of the scene.Stay through the credits of the final episode for an additional scene that will make you go, 'I did not see that coming.'HANNIBAL has been renewed for a third season, and returns next year on NBC.
Its all good! like the main character and all the supporting actors for this. The situations are believable and continue to fascinate me. Every now and then they put some badly needed humor in to lighten up what in some cases is a very dark story line. So far I have through to the 3rd season and can't wait for Amazon to make the fourth and fifth season free as well. Can't seem to find them anywhere else so far...dammit!
Season one was great, surprises without being super strange, decent characters, nice story progression while keeping each episode interesting.Season two is what killed this show though, bringing in the new character as a love interest for the partner was a joke, not that they brought someone in, but who and how.  Other than that the second season is worth watching too.
This documentary about the home video/VCR boom leaves no stone unturned.  It's primarily gonna appeal to, not only people who lived through the era, but people who were really into movies, especially cult films.  A lot of screen time is dedicated to cult and horror films, and there are many interviews with people from that scene like Frank Hennenlotter and Lloyd Kaufman.  This makes sense considering it's the cult audience that still embraces the VHS format.  Your average Avengers fan is really less likely to care.It's a very thorough documentary, covering the birth of the format, the companies that utilized it, the modern day collectors and even a VHS merchant who still runs a shop.  Lots of ground is covered, and it's clear that this documentary was a labor of love.  For folks like me, it's a very welcome trip down memory lane.  In fact, kinda depressing in a way.  Very highly recommended though!
I recently watched this with my wife who had started watching gold rush on season 2.  I had originally skipped it thinking it would be boring watching it again.  Boy was I wrong.  I thoroughly enjoyed watching it and seeing how the different miners of season 2 and beyond joined the crew.  It was great seeing Parker as a young quiet kid.  Totally worth the rewatch.
I never started watching the show but with Amazon prime I was able to watch when I could. I really like the show. You quickly identify with certain characters and loathe others. But the singing is AMAZING!!!!
Lots of drama, romance and a great story line.  Too bad they ended after the first season.  Dennis Quaid and Michael Chiklis were awesome in the lead.
Much like with Season 1, I watched this on Amazon Prime for free with my membership. I had never seen any of the episodes, now there is no way I will miss any of them!
I love how much my daughter and family learn about different prehistoric creatures!  That's not the only skills we learn that are modeled for us on the show.  I love that the family dynamics model common challenging situations and helpful solutions that can be applied in my family.  The show is also colorful and simply lovely to watch.  This is one of my favorite PBS shows.  Enjoy!
I wanted to watch season 3 so I started and began watching season 1 with Prime and then just kept rolling right into season 2. WHAT. A. SHOW. I was hooked from the first episode.
Gripping, history rich with facts. The raw human suffering of east London during the turn of the last century was unbelievable.  Great actors.  Where are the next seasons?  There must be more........
Not much to review. Quicker than expected delivery a plus.  And a great season of HIMYM.
My 7 month loves Daniel. When the Tiger is on everyone must be quiet and all focus is on. I was happy to find this with Prime.
Orwell had it all too right - this show dramatizes the risks of sacrificing freedom and privacy for a so-called 'safety'.Cameras and listening devices in every conceivable location, controlled and closely monitored travel, and social control by a government elite that answers to none......  Hmmm sounds frighteningly familiar.
I bought this for my son because he missed the first season.  This show was a complete surprise.  I did not expect this show to be this good.  I had no idea how they were going to pull it off but they did it.  I am really glad that I gave this show a chance.  Great acting, writing, direction, etc.  Highly recommend and I am looking forward to the next season.  Vera Farmiga and Freddie Highmore are amazing!
I was a drama/band geek in high school and this show reminds me of the stuff we used to do.  It's fun to watch and the music is amazing.  Be sure to get their mp3's on iTunes.  This show is current, edgy, and innovative.  Glee addresses issues that other shows won't touch.  Well worth the watch.
The best show on TV. The characters interaction is awesome. The story lines are great. The zombies are really just a side of this program.
I grew up with the old "The Celts" series on PBS many years ago.  It was my first introduction to Enya's music and loved the series.  I also tuned in to a pseudo "news" show that reported on ancient history as news.  Meaning that they sent "reporters" in period clothing to battle scenes and historical events.  I forget the name of that show but it also ran on PBS for one or two seasons.  So here we are with "The Vikings" and seeing elements of those shows is so refreshing.  Having unfamiliar actors is such a treat since I often look for German and Scandinavian films just for that reason.  Mr. Byrne is just fine as the bad guy, but he does not get in the way of a great series.  Anyway, this is a show with great acting and a great story.  If it looks like we're skimming over the bad side of the Vikings (the slaves and the raiding),  I don't really care.  If these guys had gotten to the New World instead of Columbu several hundred years later, we would be better off now. History was written by the men with the most swords and the time to do it better was then.  So this show gives us "what-if" speculators are lot to look forward to. (BTW I was born in the Caribbean thanks to that guy that sailed in 1492.)
I hated to see the show come to an end. Would love to see a reunion show to see how everything turned out. Happy endings all around, I'd hope. Grandchildren running around, etc.
for those of you who are just starting out with either morse or lewis, you need to understand what a juggernaut of UK tv this has become involving novels and now THREE successful mystery series.  it all started with the Morse novels written by colin dexter.  i have read all of them and they are all excellent. the first tv series was made from these novels and was excellent as well.  then tv decided to keep going even though there were no more novels to use.  the first spin off was this series, LEWIS, based on Morse's sidekick in all of the novels and the first tv series.  he was given a brainy sidekick who could understand the eggheads at oxford, just like morse did.  this series was a big hit as well. perhaps the biggest surprise though was the most recent series, ENDEAVOUR, which covers Morse as he starts out his career in the police in the 1960s.  This series is utterly fabulous and the names comes from morse's hated first name.the attraction of all three of the series begins with setting murders in Oxford England, right in the midst of Oxford University.  the intellectuals of course dominate at Oxford and their alumni are the big people in the Uk.  its only true rival is cambridge. the police are unwelcome outsiders.  lewis exemplifies being an outsider as he never went to university, much less oxford.  morse did go to Oxford but did not finish. he was bright enough but a love affair gone bad derailed him. at that point he joined the police.  everyone at oxford looks down on them as the police, thinking they are simpletons, but they can compel cooperation if not respect while solving cases. this premise has fueled all three series.this was the order i have done all the books and tv: the Morse tv series, the Morse novels, the Endeavour tv series and last the Lewis tv series.  this worked for me but if you are an ardent reader it might be better to start with the Morse novels by colin dexter.o highly recommend all of these series and books.
I love this show...can we have more seasons please! I dont even need the new ones lol they could be from season one on!
I love the story lines in this series. Kevin Whately was in one of characters from the old Miss Marple mysteries as well as co star of Morse series. Always a pleasure to watch him. Lawrence Fox is a perfect fit as Lewis's 2nd. The murder mysteries have breath,  depth & twists & turns. Very intriguing
Great cast, good story line, keeps moving continually. i enjoyed this show. thank you. i would like to see more episodes of it.
This is the a good police procedural show, great acting, great storytelling, just the right amount if grit, humor, and action. this whould be a great weekly show....good chemistry among the actors, good mesh. worth watching.
The cast in this moves it right along. The  idea is strong and the humor is cleverly woven into the story.
Seth Rogen is absolutely fantastic, there's no going around it. From the pot smoking goober in "Pineapple Express" to his eerily similar character in last year's "This is the End", he has a lock on raunchy comedy like no one else in Hollywood. His style and comic timing are almost impeccable and he effortlessly lights up the screen every time we see him. And though he may depart from his typical stoner role in his new film "Neighbors" he certainly doesn't leave behind any of the laughs. Thriving alongside a talented cast including Zac Efron and Dave Franco, he brings us some of the funniest work of his career.This new feel-good comedy follows Mac and Kelly (Rogen and Rose Byrne), a couple settling down in a quiet neighborhood with their newly born daughter when a fraternity, headed by buff college students Teddy and Pete (Efron and Franco), moves next door. Constantly throwing obnoxious parties and continually waking their baby up from the loud noise, the new parents must face-off with the brothers in an effort to get them to move. Outrageously funny and definitely deserving of its R rating, this is an experience meant to be seen on the big screen.Efron and Rogen work together perfectly, providing most of the physical gags and hilarious moments. And unlike most of the films in this genre, it doesn't just treat the leading lady as eye-candy, giving Byrne an equal driving force in the plot. Rated R for language and sexual content, "Neighbors" may be too foul-mouthed for some, but for me, it was a laugh-a-minute.CHECK OUT MY VIDEO REVIEW HERE: youtube.com/watch?v=uoqmQY9akJ4
IT'S SEEMS SO REAL . GET SCRIPS , GREAT ACTING. LOVE ALL THE PEOPLE THAT PUT THIS ALL TOGETHER. THANK YOU.
I was a little skeptical after the fist season ended since Christopher Eccleston was no longer going to be The Doctor.  I really loved him.  But, since I had become a fan of the series, I decided to give the 2nd season a try, starting with the Christmas episode...David Tennant's first episode.I am so glad I gave it a try!  David Tennant's interpretation of the 10th Doctor is superb.  He is great fun to watch.  If you are not sure about this season, give this episode a try ... you won't be sorry!
Whimsical delights, every one of the 30-minute little masterpieces of creative genius.  Each episode consists of three sub-episodes, all complete in themselves, three short sheep tales.  It is hard to imagine anyone so curmudgeonly that he or she would not find Shaun the Sheep a great comic relief, a pleasant change of pace, relaxing and laugh-provoking.  I recommend these as pleasant interludes, perhaps following the depressing evening news or a nail-biting film.  They are good for any and all ages and cultures and languages, requiring no translation or explanation.
2 episodes down and more to go.  You can kinda figure out who the bad guys are in the community, but the dome creators are still a mystery.  In fact, we may never know.
i just caught the sneak peak of season 5 of justified and learned that they are going to do only 6 seasons.  what am I to do come 2016 without rylan??
A new perspective on the most documented band in the world. Freda showed a lot of integrity in not capitalizing from her story all these years. A charming documentary from one of the few people who experienced Beatlemania from the inside.
this show is hysterical. i have only seen half of the first season, and i can't stop laughing, and i do mean hysterically. i can only say this, and i'm sorry if this offends, but if you are a BIG fan of, ARE YOU BEING SERVED, this is the show for you.  While it isn't that fabulous British sitcm, it is a fabulous American sitcom which has the same elements of, ARE YOU BEING SERVED. i am not going to write a thesis, here, but i can say that, BETTER OFF TED, shares the same sense of hilarity, the same kinds of lovable characters, and the kind of memorable scenes that makes one laugh to one's self, long after the show is off (there are scenes from ARE YOU BEING SERVED which still cause me to erupt in laughter).i can't recommend BETTER OFF TED to the fans of ARE YOU BEING SERVED, enough, save to say that this is the worthy successor, and that it is too bad that BETTER OFF TED lasted only two seasons.\by-the-way, PARKS AND RECREATION is good, very good, )i am a fan) but, where PARKS and RECREATION is laugh out loud, funny, BETTER OFF TED is hilarious. There is a difference.
I saw this movie 7 times in the theater.  I absolutely loved every second of it and will definitely be purchasing it when it comes out on DVD.  I highly recommend Star Trek to everyone. This movie exceeded all my expectations and more.My favorite characters in the movie are Jim Kirk and Bones. Both of the actors who portrayed said characters did an amazing job and in my opinion made the movie even more amazing. All of the other people in the movie were also very good too.  I especially liked Scotty.  He is a hoot!What are you waiting for?  Go and see the movie!!!
great acting and story.  very intense and full of suspense and mystery.  wish will good luck in season two.  laurence fishburne is as always just plain great.
Showrunner Graham Yost has confirmed along with FX that next season (season 6) will be the shows final season. Season 5 will most likely set up a lot for the shows swan song. There are some great additions to the cast this season, Michael Rapaport as Daryl Crowe Jr., and Alicia Witt as Wendy Crowe, Daryl&#8217;s sister. The Crowes are to be this seasons Big Bad, so expect to see a lot more of Dewey Crowe, who now has a substantial amount of his own money awarded to him by the state of Kentucky for the Marshal&#8217;s services wrong treatment of him through out the shows previous 4 seasons. Will Sasso and Dave Foley play the Canadians, who Boyd and Wynn Duffy will now be dealing with since their contacts with the Detroit mafia are all now dead. I hope we will be seeing more of Dave Foley and Will Sasso. But one of the best additions to the cast this season is David Koechner in a slightly more serious roll than he normally plays, as Deputy Greg Sutter, I really hope the comedians that round out this seasons cast get some decent screen time.This season starts strong but does feel slightly different than previous seasons, that isn&#8217;t a good thing or bad thing, yet. I have really loved this show since the first episode, and I love that the writers and producers have an end game in mind so there will be a sense of direction and hopefully closure when all is said and done at the end of next season. So far I really like the new additions to the cast, the great balance of comedy, action and drama as the show has always had. And the show regulars Timothy Olyphant (Raylan Givens) and Walton Goggins (Boyd Crowder) excel at bringing their characters to life. I hope to see more of Nick Searcy (Chief Deputy Art Mullen) and Jacob Pitts (Tim Gutterson) and other show regulars who were a bit absent in this first episode. Anyone who is a fan of this series should be pleased with this seasons opener. I have no doubt that the rest of this season will just get better and better, just as every season before it.
Having just finished Seasons 1 through 4, I'd have to say this is one of my favorite series ever.  I adore Raylan and anxiously await more of his cavalier attitude in Season 5.
Can't wait to start watching this first season. When it started I was not allowed to watch but my brother and I would listen to it and now I can actually watch it.
Grandsons love Olivia. I (Granny) also like it. It has good teaching lessons in each episode. Recommend it for young children.
This is a beautiful show.But I could only watch half of it.I am one of those almost rare people who lived through the entire Second World War, and was terribly affected by things that happened.I found Watching this show brought back memories I did not wish to face again.But it was an outstanding show.
PBS called this SciFi - seems more like fact in many instances.  I enjoy Mr. Cumberbatch as an actor and respect the ensemble cast.
One of the best police dramas on any medium.  I love the characters, The Interplay, even the Villains are Great. I wish the episodes were longer.
I admit, I was not interested in this show simply because of the type of show. Modern day Federal Marshall dealing with injustice; maybe. A old-fashioned version of a western modernized with a guy wearing a 10 gallon hate, shooting people and taking with a deep Southern twang, NO WAY! But, when one is in bed until the duration of his forced &#34;bed-rest&#34; is over...well, one tends to arch things he wouldn't normally watch. Add in one of my favorite actors, Tim Olyphant and read up on how much dialogue & interaction of the characters has the show receiving high accolades, then it might be worth watching the pilot episode. Now, at season 3, still on &#34;bed-rest&#34;, I can easily say that all my preconceived notions, ideas, prejudices were wrong! It is addictive, the characters become your favorites, the interaction between everyone & the continued deep rooted story relationship between &#34;Boyd Crowder & &#34;Federal U.S. Marshall Raylan Givens&#34; just keeps me wanting more...I laugh, I get frustrated, I root for both the hero & get pissed at him, I am in deep people. Oh and another thing, three seasons without the writers getting extreme or raunchy as well as without bringing in overly/unnecessary elements that will sound the death bell to such a show has also surprised me. ALOT! Holding my breathe that things don't go downhill fast - so far, so good! Of course, it deals with controversial, real-time subject matter and it also refers to much in the way of those who are forced to love on the fringe of life because of the economic deprivations due to the location of KY where the show is based. But, I've been to these areas and knew people who were born in these areas; it's as factual as u can get. I've even gotten my wife to watch it & love it. We will hope things do not get out of control-we do have serious limitations which will cause us to stop watching immediately!
I have almost stopped watching American CupitTV shows because  are so noisy and violent and the actors seems to play themselves, rather than the character they are supposed to portray. Michael Kitchen is my answer to the gentle quite interesting person that gets in there and solves the problems without calling attention to himself. He can create emotion with a lift of an eyebrow.
This show is great!  We won't stop watching until we have seen all the episodes.  The buddy relationship between the two male characters is fun to watch, and all the other characters, like Louis Litt, are well acted and interesting.
Wow. This is the best show I have ever watched. The ending was even fantastic which is hard to find these days with series. Watch this and you will not be disappointed.
The Backyardigans is a great show that focuses on the brilliant creativity of kids' play. The fantastic music is always a hit and the stories often have a subtle lesson in manners, sportsmanship and addressing misunderstandings.
Very addictive and sometimes even very informative on different topics . writers have great sense of humor and getting very addictive
Gold rush shows people the American dream is still alive. Todd has a mind of dreaming that more people should have.
I really enjoyed this pilot.  The acting and writing is very good.  I like the cast.  The only thing that I didn't like is that there is way too much sex that really doesn't enhance the plot line or character development.  I don't think that I am a prude, but I do get a little bored with so many scenes with juvenile, gratuitous sex.  That being said, I think that there is a lot of good material here that could make an interesting new series.
The two lasting images in this episode are Betty with her new-old Victorian fainting couch with dress to match and Don in a late night reenactment of the noir film NIAGARA, seedy motel and all. Everyone else is good too but maybe it is because everyone back in that time period wanted to BE Betty or Don, that they captivate us so. Everyone continues to jockey for position at Sterling Cooper.  Seemingly the order of the day is to just outflank your colleagues at Sterling Cooper.  Cooper himself outflanks Draper so that Draper can't leave him high and dry while Peggy tries to do just that--moving out and on, probably with Duck who has all female product clients with another agency. Joan is gone but I really don't believe it. As for Roger Sterling........... uhm..... Roger who?
I want to say I can't say enough great things about this show, but I think I have already reviewed it.  We are Justified addicts.
Foyle's War is wonderful i love all the story lines. I'm fix to start watching the last two seasons and I have love each episode. Will miss it when I done.
This is extremely addictive to watch, and very intense, I can't stop watching.  It is amazing what a human can endure.  You will get addicted very easily to this show, very well done, and unbelievable true stories
I enjoy the twists and turns each show leads you through. a fun way to spend the time, I love the look you get of the English society
I get all the series each season. Love this show! Re-watch thru the year and again before new season comes out.
Liked the the story even with the lesser grade CGI effects. Learned some things I did not know before watching.
Great show  enjoy the interaction with all the characters up with the times. Funny and witty for all and yet serious also.
Not often I give 5 stars to anything.  I love miss Kay,  nothing rattles her.The main male characters are priceless and not mean spirited.Brotherly horsing around at it's best.
There is a good mix of weekly story lines mixed with longer term stories and issues.  They keep it fresh and keep you guessing.
This is a fun show. My 2 year old granddaughter loves it. She has learned things from it and loves to &#34;sing&#34; and dance with the guppies.
I just enjoyed it..it was always a well written script a good mystery andthe relationships were real. good job!
Love the suspense;  what's going on with the fuel issue?  What was the &#34;good doc&#34; up to? Love the newspaper woman also.  Cutting the cow in half was pretty harsh and vivid!  Just a very interesting show.  I like when a lot of different issues are going on at the same time.  Very Cool!
You really can't go wrong with the Green Lantern Corps at all. Like to see this animated series do well and continue to evolve.
I'm a newcomer to "Battlestar Galactica" and am only now watching the series on DVD.  After a somewhat lackluster Season 2.5, BSG got back on track with an action-packed Season 3.  The colonialists have settled on New Caprica, only to be invaded again by the Cylons, although the Cylons have a different intention this time.  The season is full of action and intriguing plotlines, as the colonialists mount a resistance movement to escape from New Caprica, which reverberates throughout the entire season.Season 3 contains some extremely strong plotlines and episodes.  I was particularly impressed with "Collaborators" in which the resistance deals with the colonialists who worked with the Cylons in various ways.  The episode is powerful and reflects the kind of long-term implications of war; creator Ronald Moore aptly compared this episode to the kinds of things seen in France after WWII, for example.  I'm always a sucker for the darker, more politically-tinged episodes of BSG, and this one really did it for me.The season contains several stand-alone episodes that don't continue the main plotline of the search for Earth.  Some of these episodes work well, especially "Dirty Hands," which considers the blue-collar workers who are toiling in the fleet under nearly impossible conditions.  Unfortunately, some of the stand-alones are less successful, particularly "Hero" and "A Day in the Life."  Overall, I was pleased with the directions in which they take the main characters, although I was disappointed that Duwalla's part continues to shrink and be less satisfying.  I also was not fond of the turn taken by Starbuck as she follows her "destiny."  I've never been a Starbuck fan, and I found this entire plotline irritating.  Hearing Ronald Moore give Katee Sackhoff constant tongue-baths on the dvd podcast commentaries just added to my irritation.  The woman does all her acting by curling her lips, clearing her throat, and making weird snorting giggles.  Please make her stop!  Ok, I feel better now.Fortunately, the season ends with some very exciting episodes.  Foremost among them is the reveal of four of the final five Cylons.  As is typical of BSG, the season ends with some great cliffhangers that promise to take the series in intriguing new directions.  What I perhaps love most about BSG is its willingness to make changes rather than resting on its laurels.  The story is constantly driving forward and taking us to new places, which is sometimes uncomfortable but always thrilling.  For me, Season Three was better than Season 2.5 and about in par with Seasons 2.0 and 1.
Well worth paying this small fee to stay current with story line here!!  Love the show anyway!!  Streamed very well too
I really love this series. My sister once again recommended this series to check out and I did. I love it and I follow it. It is very funny and entertaining as well. I recommend this series!
The one thing which separates this show from any other &#34;cooking&#34; show is that Alton gives you the history of the dish or the ingredients used to make the dish. At the end of every show I can't help but feel a little smarter for having watched. And Alton is a naturally entertaining character. I highly recommend this series to anyone who loves cooking shows.
I have to say this is one of my favorite new shows which is saying a lot since only 2 total made the grade.  I hate all the stupid "reality" garbage  and demented hate filled contests that pass for entertainment now and sadly, have pretty nearly taken over every single network that exists.  I hope the CW keeps Arrow in their lineup.Up date:  Ok, every episode I think there is no way Arrow can get better than 5 stars-it does.  Ok, Amazon-you need to add  more stars because this show deserves them.
Enjoyed this season of an excellent series.  If you are interested in watching I strongly suggest starting at season one episode one.
Boy was this a great series.  I sincerely hated that it ended.  Glenn Close is fantastic as well as the rest of the cast.
Episode 4 and the show is getting better and better as we get to know the character of these characters better.  Outstanding performances by the Captain and crew of the SS Nathan James.  Even the Russian admiral was top drawer.  The scientist are still not hitting their marks:  no woman virologist worth her salt would ever dress like this woman.  Ever.But I love the show, and I just suspend disbelief when she is on.________I really enjoyed this series so far.  Makes you long to go to sea, doesn't it?  The chief scientist is miscast (can't even say microbiologist much less pretend to be one-- ghastly!) but all of the other characters are totally believable.  (I kind of wish the Russians weren't such cardboard baddies, but for some people the Russians are always the Cardassians, I guess.)I love the Commander and the Executive Officer's interactions.  And really it's about humanity and ordinary people stepping up to do extraordinary things.  A show about humanity.  Well done.  I am in for more.  Paying even, as I don't have a TV and it's on television right now  unlike some shows that I come across years later.
I am a huge Cary Grant fan, I thought I'd seen all of his movies, and today, this gem came to my attention. I sure miss the values, the love and the care for one's family and neighbors as depicted in this movie. I was born in the 60's, so I remember scouting, and the morals and values that were taught. I remember friendly neighborhood children, riding bikes and going to the beach.I didn't expect to get choked up watching this, but I did, as well as laugh out loud at times. This story is about a family with a heart for children. They bring two children who are living in orphanages, into their homes. The transformation that love, discipline, and a home can cause on even the most devastated child. How I wish things could go back to the way they were. I know it wasn't as idyllic as is shown in movies, but I definitely miss those days. I'd give this 10 stars if I could!
This is TV at its best....This is what I like to see... Week in & out.If you want some good fun kick TV.. Warehouse 13 is it.
I've always liked Timothy Olyphant, and would usually chance watching anything he is in. I'm a war veteran, so I enjoy toughness and shooting in my genre of entertainment. I've come to really appreciate the performances of this splendid cast.
Highly entertaining TV show - can't wait to see Season 4.  One of the best written and acted series that I have seen.
THE FIRST SEASON, I BECAME INSANELY ADDICTED TO THIS SHOW.  THAT CONTINUED EVEN DURING THE 8TH SEASON.  AS AN AMERICAN, IT WAS TRULY CATHARTIC FOR ME AFTER 9-11.  I SAW JACK EVOLVE OVER THE YEARS AND HIS ACTIONS BECAME SIMPLY NECESSARY TO DO WHAT HAD TO BE DONE FOR THE SAKE OF OUR GREAT COUNTRY.  I HOPED THAT THERE WERE PEOPLE IN OUR GOVERNMENT AND MILITARY DOING THE SAME.  I BELIEVE THAT SO FEW INCIDENTS IN THE YEARS SINCE THAT HORIFFIC DAY INDICATED THEY MUST BE THERE.  I WATCHED TOUCH BECAUSE I WANTED JACK TO RETURN.  THIS YEAR, THEY FINALLY CHOSE TO BRING BACK THIS SHOW ALBEIT FOR A SIGNIFICANTLY TRUNCATED 12-EPISODE SEASON.  I AM SO GREATFUL.  IT SOUNDS LIKE THEY ARE CHOOSING NOT TO HAVE ANY MORE SEASONS, MUCH TO MY DISMAY.  IF YOU HAVE NOT BEEN WATCHING, PLEASE DO SO.  ALTHOUGH  I FIND TORTURE A HIDEOUS WAY TO UNCOVER VITAL INFORMATION, AND THE EVIDENCE INDICATES IT IS NOT EFFECTIVE.  I BELIEVE THERE ARE WAYS TO LEARN WHAT WE MUST DO TO KEEP OUR COUNTRY SAFE.  I AM GRATEFUL FOR THESE EXQUISIT EPISODES (IT REALLY HEATS UP IN THE 3RD ONE), ESPECIALLY GIVEN ALL THE HORROR IN  SO MANY COUNTRIES BY THE ENEMY OF ALL GOOD PEOPLE.
We love Curious George. It's a adorable show that my son loves to watch. No violence. Just a little mischief!
The relationship between Jane and Maura is one that marks an admirable friendship.  The dynamics between these two makes the show flow.  Love the fact that Angela is a strong part of that relationship.  A strong bond exists with these three women.  The stories continue to be interesting and good.  I adore Korsack--his humor, his soft heart for animals, his steadiness.  There is a good balance between the grittiness of what Jane, Maura and the rest meet in their jobs with the family feeling that they show for one another.  I return to past shows to view them and hang out with the gang.  The writing is as good this year as in previous.
Alpha House is a humorous playoff of how ridiculously surreal our Senate really is.  All five Republican Senators are living together at a Washington DC apartment when the Senate is in session and this makes for a hilariously, delightful sitcom.  The topics which are spun are what is happening in today's news. So far ALL topics are open to be played on...sex, money, greed, lobbyists, filibusters, booze, war, campaign contributions, race, and sexual preferences.  It will be very interesting how far the series will take us on these topics.  So far I see no limits. This is definitely an adult sitcom. The actors are just brilliant and so perfect and right on cue. I will look forward to viewing future shows on Amazon Prime.Pilot [HD]
Totally excited that series 9 came out.  I was aftraid they were going to leave us hanging.  I just love watching this show!
My grandson and I have watched this several times over. We are fascinated with the premise and the whole Fibonacci Sequence, etc, and I rather enjoyed Kiefer Sunderland in this show. Why it did not continue into Season 2 is beyond me, I certainly thought it well worth continuing, thought there was plenty of story line left to go and room for growth for the characters. It left the end of Season 1 kind of hanging, and that there was not an &#34;end&#34;, was a bit disappointing, but as far as it goes, this was a good show and I found it enjoyable.
A terrific series continued, too bad this is the end.  We have really enjoyed the &#34;Robinhood-ish&#34; stories of Leverage. All the characters are so unique and yet work well with each other in the storyline.
Best show besides Mythbusters!  Watched reruns and new shows without a second thought. Plays on iPad Air and numbers 2 and 4 with ease! Beautiful video quality and I do not even spend on the HD versions. Amazon is fast becoming my favorite download place with Apple iTunes second!!
I love the walking dead. Best tv series ever. We never miss an episode. We always down load on to the kindle fire the next day.
Engrossing and gross at the same time; they spare no expense on make-up or special effects; a simple and overdone high story, it's the bottom story that creates the intrigue. They've taken what George Romero did in the 1960's and polished it for an audience in 2012. It is 'wicked' good.
Elementary is one of my favorite shows it is exciting and you are always gessing what is going to happen nexts. the video itself there was no problems what so ever. it played wonderful I would recommend this show to everyone.
I can not get too much into this episode (major spoilers) but let's just say the ending will leave  you with your mouth opened in shock!
Soo as I finsihed watching the pilot of this show I need I was going to watch the others. Some of the shows on tv right now are just a waste of this one is not.
By putting on former contestants who have already been through the wringer, the show is narrowed to a more able group of designers.  Those who show up here have already passed the crucible of being able to design and sew a high fashion garment.  Where they fall down, which is where any designer does fall down, is when their personal taste interferes with their design sense, or a design idea goes hideously wrong.  This is a universal to anyone who does any creative act.  Every creative person creates some real stinkeroos and you're never even quite sure how it happened. We've eliminated a good many contestants already and so far I see Anthony Ryan and Emilio as the two standouts.  I think Anthony Ryan is more consistent than Emilio is but when Emilio hits, he hits big. You will really see some great fashion creating in this season with these two. My next choice would be Uli who I just saw do a bang up job on unisex fashion.  These three have all grown enormously since they appeared on the regular PR.I like these judges as much as I do the PR judges.  I think they do the same basic job and there have been some really great guest judges on the All Stars version.  The judges on All Stars seem to be primarily designers, which I prefer to using actresses as guest judges which PR often does.Some watchers miss Tim Gunn being in the workroom.  His job is taken here by a woman.  The difference is that she is a great deal cooler and less personal with the designers than Gunn is. Gunn actually becomes quite emotionally attached to the designers and invested in their results.  This woman does not do that.  I am not sure which method I prefer.  His method makes for better tv but her method of professionally critiquing what is going on with their garment, and nothing else, is probably very close to the real life studio environment of working in the fashion industry.The model hostess is another good looking blonde like Klum. I don't really find any radical differences between them.  These models are primarily familiar with wearing fashion design. Although this is important, it is not as important as feedback from key designer talent.
I love Amy and Steve and totally believe in what they are doing. I wish I had her ability and could help families that are living in fear. Steve brings a SEXY investigative level to the show and always confirms what Amy finds in her walks. I think they are both amazing people for different reasons, (I'd like to sleep with Steve and learn from Amy about what she see's and what it looks like when she is seeing it). Keep up the healing work guys.
This season referenced season 1 a lot.  Really tied it together.  The character development is incredible, you really get to know them before the final episode.  When they filmed the final episode they didn't know whether the show was going to be resigned for a 6th season.  This final episode was worthy of its name.
The story lines are getting more interesting. Even though there are different story lines going on they don't seem convoluted.
Kids, love it, kept them occupied and interested the entire show. They were singing and laughing. Full of movement and sound. Great.
The action is fast, but the targets are seen in slow motion.  An interesting way to highlight the skill needed to hit the targets.
Touching, transcendent, witty, snappy, thoughtful fun.  The female cop character is too mean, closed-minded, and coddled by all the males around her but Sarah Shahi performance is serviceable, and she is extremely pretty.  The Adam Arkin character is a total winner.The 2nd season's plot lines go off the rails, then the series was cancelled, but the first season of 'Life' is procedural perfection.
This was easily the best DVD to come out all year! It's an awesome concept that's the classic comic book brought to life like no Hollywood attempt could ever conceive. While the narration is performed by just one actor it's still wonderfully done & its setting the stage for next wave of entertainment. I hope DC puts out more releases like this becuase motion comics are gonna be huge!
I really love this show. I even watched it a second time so I could catch up for season 2
Love this show... Great characters and you have to LOVE Harvey! So trendy and like a great chocolate he hard on the outside with a soft and lucious center..... Love the story line and am enjoying season 2! Yay! for season three, cant wait. Great females roles also... Loving it!
My wife and I enjoy this season immensely. I try not to make a habit of watching often but as I overhear the plots twisting and turning, it is impossible not to be drawn into the life, loves and career of this very special agent with a heart.The scenery, the props and locations are superb as no expense has been spared in this high-budget thriller. The actors are fabulous and well-suited to their roles.We find that some episodes are slower than others but they all remain pertinent to the progression of the story and we find that the production, writing and directing of this season remain excellent. Together this team of story-tellers has brought forth another winner...enjoy
Happy Endings is one of the best comedies on network TV right now. This season has been hilarious and so well done. I'm so grateful that Amazon has it as an Instant Video watch!
This is one of those treasures from the past. Most TV viewers have never heard of the series. For its time, the mid 1950s, the series is good. Humorous, intelligent.If a viewer only watches this with the mindset of today's moral and beliefs then the viewer will not like the series. I say this because the show stereotypes women and people from other cultures. However we have to remember this show was produced when these stereotypes were accepted by society at large.Today's modern viewer must view this with a open mind. With an open mind today's viewer will see the charm and simplicity of the show and will enjoy the show.If you cannot open you mind to understanding the US society of threw 1950s, then you will not enjoy this show and may even become offended by the stereotypes portrayed in the show.My wife and I like the show.
I really enjoyed this TV series, and I found it superior to season one.In season two, the relationship between Dr. Brennan and Booth is well developed, albeit unpredictable, especially with the newly introduced and sexy new boss. There are a lot of tensions, thrills, passions, conspiracies, and sex in this season. Some episodes were extremely well though-off and intriguing. I did like the most the episode on the astronaut. Are there aliens from outer space, and did one just fall down to Earth? Watch the episode to find out.This series will teach you a lot of medical terms as well as how crimes are committed (and how not to commit crimes).
This season is just as layered and impressive as the previous three seasons!  The characters are ALL well written, which is an impressive feat for any show to manage consistently.  The conflicts in this season are more about personal demons - I'm enthralled.  I look forward to finishing the season and seeing how this unlikely band of people, who are like a family, come together!
One of the best documentaries on the Vietnam War.  Extensive coverage, thoughtful interviews and good footage.  The editing was better than I expected.  Overall, outstanding.
I got this for my daughter when she was 2 months old. She is now 5 months and in love with Dinosaur Train. :) Thanks I love the educational knowledge.
This is a wonderful series and never disappoints! I am really looking forward to season 4. I am really invested in these characters.
So funny, and the characters are so real. I usually don't like stories about Washington, but this is too enjoyable not to view the episodes.
I started watching and was a bit puzzled on what was going on.  I had to keep watching and boy am glad I did the ending has made me want to see what comes next and what the mystery thing was.  I would love to have my great nephews and niece watch with me am sure they would like it also.  Hope that this is not it for the show.
fun to watch...lots of odd adventures... the characters are funny and the plots are interesting...its a great show... watch it
This has the best of what it was probably the best showing of early Vegas starting up. Then the western or cowboy sheriff, brother and son. It's a tightrope walk every episode, between who's going to be caught, or not.
My 3 yr old son loves George! AND I do believe he learned a word or concept 1 out of 2 episodes :)
I really like cops shows and Southland has engaging characters along with action.  The internal conflict for the characters is quite good.  Regina King is marvelous.
Yes it was wonderful and I enjoyed it very much would watch again in a heart beat well thats all for now.
Washing these driver put their life on the line is a rush of adrenaline in your body.  I enjoy these series because few people dare to do this.
I am so hooked on the Bones series.  I have Netflixed all the previous 7 seasons and now am ready for the 8th.
it never get bored and it getting better better...everyone on the show are great and i cant not miss any more show hope it will be renew!
Definite an interesting and riveting series.  Does not mince words or tries to make the Vikings anything but what history has recorded, but does give some great insight into probably how they lived.  Strongly recommended.
Why wait and pay more money at the theatre?  Another great Samuel L. Jackson flick!  Ends with a twist -- and a lingering question.
The Reagans are a fun family that really works hard and together to fight crime. Danny is my favorite along with his partner. They don't take any prisoners, when it comes to finding out the truth.
Again this show gets better and better.  I am not a cook but the show always makes you think and facinates you with the skills and ideas peaple can come up with when the chips are down.  You will enjoy this if for no other reason to learn what weird foods are out there in the world and what you can do with them.
I love this show and I love Gabriel Macht.  I loved the second season, and now I'm now dying to start the third season.
I really enjoyed watching all the episodes of &#34;I Survived&#34; and I hope to order complete seasons. I will be seeing season 5 next!
Leverage season 5 is awesome.Too bad it is the final season. Timothy Hutton is a awesome actor. I enjoyed watching this show. Its too bad it has to end. They always end the good series too soon.
This show got even better in its second season, with the arrival of the tough new Cam as the boss of the squints, the wonderful Stephen Fry appearing as Booth's psychiatrist, Angela and Hodgins falling in love, and wonderboy Zach being promoted and getting a new haircut in the process.  The characters and the show are really coming into their own now.  I look forward to season 3.
Geared for young children, when you watch carefully, the show actually teaches social stories as well as Chinese words.The character friends stumble upon some type of social-emotional problem, such as feeling left out, being impatient or unwilling to share, upset about a mistake, or playing too rough. Kai-lan encourages viewers to review a problem, identify the feeling, and find a solution. Sometimes help requires asking a grown-up for solutions. When one character has a problem, the ripple effects and consequences are shown. Kai-lan sings &#34;It's up to me and you,&#34; and shows how children can take responsibility and ownership of problems, as well as solutions. The cute songs and vocabulary review make learning easy.
I enjoy all the chopped seasons. As an avid cook and ex-caterer I enjoy the challenge, as much as the chefs, seeing what I would do with the ingredients and what they choose to do.
I wish that I had been taking notes on all the &#34;tells&#34; when people are being deceptive...I may have to watch it all over again so that I can memorize the signs. I liked the season 1 stories a little better, but still holding my interest.
L&O; Criminal Intent is one of my favorite Cop ShowsI'd put it in my top 5 without a Doubt!This season was a tad differentMostly due to NBC's lack of Passion for this Great Cop/Crime Dramascenes look different,  it has this  very different looking Neon Color patternMusic starts every episode  (It very much tries to look and feel like CSI) But, it's still CIThank God I don't understand CSI at all (it's a super Lazy Cop show) yes it's a insane ratings machinesBut, in my defense so is A&E;'s Duck DynastyEven though it tries to borrow tacky gimmicks made famous by CSI  (It still has great writing and acting)This season is without a doubt a re-boot in a wayThe events of Season 5 changed lots of NYPD's Major Case SquadCaptain  DeakinsCaptain  Deakins was forced out due to trying to protect Detective LoganA.D.A.  CarverSeason 5 is so good if you are gona start on this show start with Season 5also Annabella Sciorra as  Detective Carolyn Barek  are all written out  (which is a shame I really liked her)I don't like the fact there was no explanation why Both  Carver & Barek are gone??Eric Bogosian & Julianne Nicholson join the castBoth do add plenty to the show...Big fan of  Eric Bogosian but, he's really not likeable in this season due to the fact his Character is by the book and don't understand or support his two best DetectivesThis season is Detective Mike Logan's season he is in 70% of this seasonThis is Chris Noth's best performance imoGoren & Eames are not featured like usualBut, every episode they are in are  very smart and well writtenThe episode  &#34;Endgame&#34;  with the late Roy Scheider is brilliant and as crazy as it sounds this episode should be a Huge reason why you buy this season it's that strong in every possible waybut, that is not the only great episode this season has some really great onesCriminal Intent IMO is the best Law&Order;if it wasn't for CI there would be no Elementary i'm sure of that9.2/10
I thought it was a good and contraversial doctramentary. After watching it I went out and bought lots of beef to go back to eating what I used to eat when I was a kid growing up and as a teen ager and as a young man. Back when I was 145 pounds and could lift in free weights on the bench press of 315 pounds and leg lifted 1,000 pounds. Today I weigh just under 300 pounds and can not bench press even 200 pounds. I began eating what some say is a good diet of the food peramid back after high school and after military service, with lots of Vitamin D milk and my health went down hill quickly. I believe in the all meat diet. However, now days meat is so expensive to buy. Yet medical bills are even more expensive. (take your choice) medical bills or expensive meats and a better way of life. Great movie. I wanted to buy a DVD or 4 so I could spread the news of a better way to eat. Thanks.
This one is dark.  The demon presence is pivotal for the story line.  Yet, who doesn't love Sleepy Hollow?  This is a great twist to the original story line.  It pulls you in and leaves you wanting to know more.  The actors are perfect for their roles.  I was so excited when Clancy Brown was in the first show, and then he died.  I hope they pull him back.I am disappointed that the week after they were preempted by baseball they played a re-run!  What?  Really?  You only have 5 so far as it is...  But, those 5 are really quite good!  It has potential to be great.  I hope it's not over.
Just finished watching the first season of Alpha House and am hoping that Ammy brings it back again soon. I'm hooked on this irreverent and all too realistic comedy. Gary Trudeau is brilliant and he brings his magic to the small screen. His characters may be fictional, but they couldn't be more familiar. We see them on the news every day and have probably voted for a few.  How can you miss when you have a cast that features John Goodman? Goodman plays Gil John Biggs,a good old boy from North Carolina. He's Foghorn Leghorn in a rumpled suit, an old school Republican who likes to nap at his desk and takes his dog, an old hound with more sags than the senator, everyplace he goes.Gil John shares a house with four other Republican senators.  Leo Laffler, a man who can be more in touch with his feminine side than the voters of Nevada appreciate. Actor Mark Malloy brings it on just right...his Senator Laffler is not gay...in fact, he's so not gay, he wins awards for it. So what if he knows the difference between a Donna Versace frock and one by Donna Karin, but can't tell Smith & Wesson from the Smith Brothers?Robert Bettencort (wonderfully played by Clark Johnson) is the senior senator from Pennsylvania, a black conservative who is the sartorial opposite of Gil John, but another old school pol who knows how to get things done and what body is buried where. Bettencourt loves his Armani and spends season one wranging with grand juries and ethics committees over some possible favors for The Mohair Council.  Or, as Gil John says, "You sold out to Big Goat?"  The final member of our quartet is newbie senator Andy Guzman, a hotshot from Miami whose mail appeal is sex appeal. He's not enough to be a democrat. Heck, he's hot enough to be a Kennedy. Guzman is played by Marc Consuelos, a great combination of eye candy and good acting.The level of writing never drops: no pandering and no cheap tv laughs. Politicians are pilloried, but in such a funny way, they seem to enjoy it and must show up in droves for the tapings; crowd scenes are filled with familiar faces and we see man of Washington's bold face names doing cameos.This is a show for smart folks and not those who think a touch of reality is going to sink the ship of state.  Our Alpha House roomies know what corners they can cut without worrying about subpoenas, when to disambiguate to their voters, and when to flat out sink from sight...just like the real thing. They wear their flag pins with only a touch of irony and treat the system with the contempt it deserves. It is laugh out loud funny and if you take America too seriously, you'll hate it.  If you have never heard the Nixon tapes and don't believe your elected representative can drop the F-bomb with precision and joy, you won't like the show. And there are sex scenes...they're hardly shocking and mostly done for laughs, but if any hint of a man and woman having a little fun under the covers (or if you are Senator Guzman, in a senatorial coat closet) revolts you, may I suggest tuning in to a rerun of "Diffren't Strokes."  This show doesn't sidestep real politics, it just makes fun of them.  Five stars to Amazon Prime for its debut series. Let's cross our fingers and hope that Season 2 isn't far away.
This is a great series.  I hope they keep it on the air a long time.  Super fast shipping.  Extremely pleased with entire purchase.A++++
This is a series not for the squeamish!  The French King is a little brutal,  not to say that he wasn't in real life, but right on screen.  This is an adult +18 type show!
This show is a great unwind-er to a day.  you can come home and relax with ease and watch elementary
Great show, we have seen every season and it is always a show that is teaching values that kids need to know
I own all 7 seasons of the Closer and watch and re-watch (is that a word?) them all the time.  I bitterly regret that the series only ran for 7 seasons.  The Closer is brilliant.
I just re-watched this series for the umpteenth time. What is it that draws me back time and time again? #1 would have to be Colin Firth's performance. Has any actor ever harnessed the &#34;brooding&#34; factor better than he has as Mr. Darcy? #2 would have to be the sizzling chemistry between Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth.  Each of their eyes convey so many emotions that it makes my head spin.  I believe Jane Austen would be exceedingly pleased with this adaptation of her work.  I don't understand why they keep making newer versions of the book when it is virtually impossible to match the quality of this series.
I have long wanted to know more about the Viking period of history. It always seemed to be given short shrift in the history books of my era (That's been a long time ago!) But this series, while fictional, is based on real historical characters and has a basis in fact. The acting is good and the stories highly entertaining. I am finding it a fascinating series and I am eagerly anticipating Season 2.
While many police detective dramas have been done, I liked the troubled soul of Bosch. He is another detective at odds with his boss and standard protocol. You are not sure if he is guilty, he seems to care about his cases and he has his own personal demons. A good start for a series!
I can't wait to watch more! It's a great filler for the end of night t.v. watching and when I'm not in a movie mood! Love the competition of the chefs, so glad it's not me up there!
All of the seasons available for streaming are great.  So much better than the reality TV that seems to be endless.  Like I always say, this show knocks it out of the park when it comes to being entertaining AND informative.
I have been a fan of Project Runway from the beginning. I have every series they have every aired, With me being a Fashion Major in college this has been a great help to me to let me see the inside of the fashion industry. Thanks
Although I'm not crazy about his accent, this guy can show you a whole lot with the command he has of his facial expressions.  That's what the story is about after all.  I love Foster and the other two young players (names?) also.  I can't believe it is not on anymore!
We LOVE this show.  It centers around a group of criminals and a cop from the future who travel back to 2013.  The criminals are causing terror and attempting to change the future and the female cop is attempting to stop them.  She teams up with a detective and thus has access to information and resources to stop these criminals.  Good character development between the female and the detective and between the policewoman and her young computer geek she finds on her first day in the year 2013.  The show is currently in the middle of the second season, which is just as well made as season one.  Highly recommended!
Natalie Zea is so fantastic.  A perfect pick for what could be a perfect show.Amazon has major winners in this new wave of distributor original comedies; Alpha House and now The Rebels.Josh Peck, Affion Crockett, and of course Natalie all stood out as solid performers.I foresee a Moonlighting-type romantic/antagonistic thing on the horizon between Zea and Hayes MacArthur but that needs to be quashed in a hurry.  Bruce Willis carried the weight back in the 80's and, while Zea could play that part. it's been tried and failed so many times since that nobody wants to see it again.  If there must to be a love interest make it between their kids (and keep it clean - they're both in high school) THAT has some potential for comedy and drama.Oh yeah, and if the next episode is as good as the first I'll pay for the privilege of watching.
This is a fun show.  I hope the second season is as entertaining!  Cute people, interesting story line, and something both my husband and I enjoyed watching.
I love this show and have watched it since season 1. It's very real to life and you can relate as a parent to each of them.
Well written and acted.  Interesting how reality follows fiction at times.  Who writes the script for our Washington representatives?  Do they take their lines from this show?
While some of the science in this show is not an absolute at this time, there is a lot of good material here.  I might have remained in Physical/Bio-archaeology if I could have gotten an internship at the Jeffersonian.  Alas, The Jeffersonian doesn't exist.  The characters are good.  And the plots hold your interest.  I also love the subtle and sometimes not-so-subtle humor.Good fun watch.
This is one of my favorite TV shows and sometimes I just have to buy an episode to skip ahead a little.  It will be hard when this show ends.
I have not finished watching this documentary but have seen enough to want to complete the series.  There is an historian that stated the celts never arrived in Britain or Ireland.  It is hard to know where he was going with this since he did not present any facts to prove his hypothesis.  Back to the drawing board fella!
I don't watch much reality TV (honest), but I really love this show. Not in a love-love sort of a way, but more in a love-to-hate sort of way. The people are basically crazy, and there are so many ridiculous petty fights. But the show is addicting, and I will faithfully watch the next season. I'm not proud of this, but there you go.
I saw this at the theatre when it first came out. It was a very informative look at the problems and pressures that DFD face on a daily basis. Definitely a must see. Highly recommended.
Kudos to everyone involved in this series.  I never thought I would enjoy a series as I did the &#34;Inspector Morse&#34; series.  This Inspector Lewis series exceeded my expectations.
I love this show. I bought it so I can watch it as I do not get the channel. Harlan County could be McDonald county in Missouri as far as I am concerned.Love the guy who played in the old police show, glad he got another series, he plays well as the foil for the sheriff, not quite friend, not wuite enemy.The only thing is where are all the stills?
This is a really great series. The bears are friendly and each episode has friendly lessons about sharing and caring. My 3 year olds love it.
This series is very good for young kids to learn about lots of things.  The Wonder Pets help other animals solve problems like being brave, getting lost, etc.  They stress the importance of team work.  This show is fun and easy to watch (not too flashy).
I really enjoy season 10 of Chopped. It has become one of my favorite shows. I really enjoyed the tournament.
Great show, good suspense, great cast development, just plain good science fiction.  First season good, second season even better. Get it.
Alphas is an original, fascinating show. It delivers strong characters, great stories, and suspense.Hopefully, SYFY will see fit to renew this outstanding show for a third season. Season two was a cliffhanger.
My son and I have made it though all the episodes and agree that this is a great reboot.  For some reason it reminds me more of the original turtles then the versions that have come after.  I dont know if this was done on purpose but if you have read the original series you know what I mean.  It has been toned down for the audience but it isnt as silly as the cartoons and shows that have been on before.  You get introduced to everyone in this year and it opens up for a lot more in the future.
I chose to rate this show 5 stars, because it's an amazing show to watch, and my almost 17 month old daughter loves it! I love it too. It brings back memories on when I was a kid and used to watch Mr.Rogers neighborhood. The legacy lives on for Mr.Rogers. I'm glad they came up with this show in dedication to him. :)
Was hooked within the first five minutes.  Well written, very well acted and a good look at the class system after the First World War.
These are the kind of replays that are always entertaining for the whole family. Enjoyable and good to relax in front of.
Don't know how &#34;the Beeb&#34; continues to produce exceptional television programs but it is one of the things I love about BBC and what it does.This series and its sequel grabbed me instantly and kept me enthralled throughout. The main characters, Bel and Freddy, and their coworkers had a strength of character that was compelling and often frustrating (in a good way - I so wanted them to behave as I thought they should and they both did and did not - a quality that kept me watching.I wish that the BBC would resume this series because the final episode was both satisfying and somewhat open-ended. But regardless of whether the series ever sees future productions or is done for good, I enjoyed watching every episode.
I don't get the HGTV channel so it was nice to watch it through Amazon.  It's fun to watch Sabrina replace expensive items with bargain finds.
Colin Firth could not be dishy-er and Jennifer Ehle more beautiful.  Her interpretation of the erudite and articulate woman within contemporary conventions is  flawless.  Mr. Firth's Mr. Darcy is the wooden, foul-tempered, arrogant soul filled with deep compassion.  Alison Steadman as the  mother is grating and annoying, an interpretation profoundly affected by the vapors.  Father played by Benjamin Whitrow is circumspect and detached with a streak of common sense desperately needed over his perfectly &#34;silly girls.&#34;  I find no fault with this version of &#34;Pride and Prejudice&#34; and appreciate a length that allows dramatic play of a complex classic difficult to interpret.  It all ends up with the perfect match in Elizabeth Bennett and Mr. Darcy.  How it gets there is suspenseful, joyous, compelling - every time.
I have enjoyed watching this show, but have waited forever for Casey and Dawson to get together.  Amazon Prime lets me buy the selected episodes I am interested in watching without having to pay for the other ones that don't interest me.
I had mediocre expectations when I went to see this move, I just didn't want to get my hopes up for a fantastic movie and then have it be a let down. But I was extremely pleasantly surprised with the movie. It was well made, well filmed, gave us marshmallows the answers we've been dying for, and had some great suspense scenes. I was so happy that I made the commitment to this movie that I did, and can't wait to own it so I can watch it again and again!
I love this show and so does everyone else.  If you don't like it, something might be wrong with you.  I don't like that they split it up, but this season is great.
Glades was a great show. It is a real shame that they ended the show with a major cliff hanger. Shame on that network! Why do they cancel good programs and keep the trash?
Susan is a scientist who lives in her own little world, her entire life is devoted to research, while everything else is neglected. For Susan, it was all work and no play, until she meets Michael. A talented scientist meets a talented chef, and the sizzling romance begins. As one would expect, Susan's life begins to change, but so does the entire world she lives in. The more steamy the relationship, the more a new epidemic spreads. As the couple fall in love and share their feelings, people all around lose their sensory perception. As the romance become intense, the mysterious disease becomes more disturbing. The outcome is global chaos as the mystery continues. "PERFECT SENSE" is brilliant, powerful, romantic, and chilling. The acting is superb, and the story is both touching and thrilling. Highly recommended for romantic suspense lovers and thriller loves.
I love the detective aspect of it, but sometimes Amy talks about unseen creatures that just freak me out.  I have to ration my time with this one because it gives me the creeps.
I own all of the survivor series, can't live without it.keep them coming.It's one of the best reality shows ever made.
The only regret that i could possibly have is that i ran out of episodes to watch. Dr.Who is great fun.
From the moment I watched the first show, I've been hooked on The Killing Season.  In a word, this cop show is relentless.
I love this show!  Primarily, because it is about protecting people before the crime is committed.  So many shows seem to dwell on the aftermath.  With a do nothing Congress, Russian premiers who run around half naked and missing airliners, I like to think thereis someone out  there watching out for us.
Rebecca (Sarah Bolger) and her best friend Lucy (Sarah Gadon) reunite for another year at a private boarding school. They've waited all summer to see each other again. They are introduced to a new girl named Ernessa, who seems a bit strange. Lucy is drawn to this new student, quickly becoming her constant companion. Rebecca grows steadily more suspicious of Ernessa, especially her apparent power over Lucy. Is Rebecca correct, or is she simply being paranoid? Could she just be jealous of Lucy's sudden interest in Ernessa? It doesn't help that she's reading CARMILLA in class, a book about vampirism and possession. Still, bizarre things are happening, and Rebecca is haunted by Ernessa's hold on Lucy. Meanwhile, tragic events and &#34;accidents&#34; occur, drastically thinning out Rebecca's friends and school faculty. Can she get anyone to help her before Ernessa destroys everything? THE MOTH DIARIES is a neo-gothic horror film filled w/ teenage anxiety mixed w/ supernatural mystery. Dark and fascinating...
This series may be the best series produced on television in years. I love it, and it is well done in every detail. A TV series viewed by streaming beats straight up Hollywood movies every time. I think that they as a genre have the better screen-play writers and they are more tightly constructed. I for one am forever binge watching something made devoid of commercials. My favorites are Revenge, The Lying Game, which was truncated in the broadcaster's blunder, and Ringer. I confess I am also enjoying Switched at Birth. As an only child (now 78 and reliving my childhood in my day dreams), I enjoy stories involving screwed up and reconstructed sibling relationship. Wish I had a sibling. Put your shrinks to work on this and it may help you get at the core of why some people of my age like things. Market research, but you can't simply ask. You have to figure it out. Oh, for best actress in these I have to go with Ally Chando and maybe Vanessa Marano. Emily Van Camp is very good too.
I am not even close to high school, but I do enjoy this series. I laugh out loud often. The third series got a little dark for awhile but Jenna snapped out of it. This truly light comedy is a wind down show. I watch it every day. Will have a hole in my night time schedule when I have to wait for the next season.
This is not the Rome of your childhood education or the Rome of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar. This is the story of a comparative Rome from both ends of the social spectrum; Julius Caesar as he rises to dictator and defeats Pompeii miserably, graphically and definitely vindictively. Mark Antony rises to power as well, the spoiled underling of Caesar whose desire for power in every form is graphic throughout the first season. In contrast, the life of a simple soldier, Lucius Verena and his sidekick Titus Pullo live complicated lives in Rome as they try to return to civilian life after the Gallic Wars. Quite a bit of nudity in this series, violence and total depravity which, of course, all conspired to destroy Rome. Extremely in-your-face series but I found it intriguing and compelling.
A great set up for a series about a cop, who has baggage, from war, relationships, and the cop life. A great series of books. Let's hope this can deliver justice to the viewer.
glades is a great show I hope  you continue to have more shows like this one on your prime lineup.
Loved it... edge of the seat very good well done good interesting characters good writing very suspenseful. Make more... sign me up for more!
I loved this series on AMC! I preorder this as soon as it became available. It does suck one of my friends that played a Native American on the show had to get killed put it is what it is. If you haven't seen it.. do! It's really great! Highly recommend!
This was a great show. Clearly not all agreed as it wasn't renewed for the 2013/2014 season. Perhaps the audience is limited. We love live theater and have two kids who perform locally. We found found a lot to relate to and loved the &#34;insider&#34; backstage view.
Being geeks and sci-fi/fantasy fans, the wife and I enjoy the humor of the Big Bang Theory and a lot of the &#34;in&#34; jokes, spoofs, cameos, and general chemistry among all the actors and the situations they get themselves into.
Earl and his crew are great. Love the Karma thing. Each season gets better. Great gift idea. Each show the characters develop farther. Guest stars are great.
Didn't think I wanted to watch another lawyer show. But I watched a couple of episodes and got hooked right away. Love the cast and the story lines. Surprisingly good show. Highly recommend.
IT IS RARE TO SEE A FILM THAT HAS AN EXCELLENT SCRIPT, DIRECTOR, CINEMATOGRAPHER, COSTUME DESIGNER, LIGHTING DESIGNER, SET DECORATOR AND EXCELLENT ACTORS.  THIS FILM I WOULD COMPARE TO DOWNTOWN ABBEY.A BLOCKBUSTER FILM, AND I WAS VERY FORTUNATE TO WATCH A PREVIEW. REIGN WILL BE ANOTHER BLOCKBUSTER FILM.AS FAR AS A MUSIC,, I WOULD SAY THAT SOME OF THE SINGING IN THE BACKGROUND SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN A WESTERN MOVIE.  A FEW SCENES WITH THE MELLOW BACKGROUND SINGING WAS FINE, BUT BASICALLY MUSIC IS FUSED WITH THE DRAMA ON THE SCREEN.  I FEEL THAT MOST OF THE SCENES SHOULD HAVE HAD A  MUSICAL SCORE  WITHOUT SINGING.  YOU INTENSIFY THE WHOLE SCENE WITH THE RIGHT MUSIC.  BLACKOUTS TOO LONG WITH TRANSITIONS TO THE NEXT SCENE.
`Deadly Intent,' Bestselling thriller of Lynda La Plante, is gritty, fast action, violent crime, and edgy. La Plante (Crime Thriller Writer's Hall of Fame) again lets a sexy female scrap her way into the man's world of murder crime fighting. She's raised the TV acceptance bar for coarse realism of London crime fighting. The ongoing series is lead by Kelly Reilly (Sherlock Holmes x2,Poldark: The Complete Collection), now DI Travis, with her pixie face and tight clothes. She has more confidence, and more suitors. DCS Langton (Ciaran Hinds- `Tinker Taylor Soldier Spy') is the tough, tetchy boss overstepping and infiltrating on the territory of case head, DCI Lewis (Shaun Dingwall).SUBTITLES for all 3 parts (and bonus footage).It opens with a Mexican doctor doing a realistic facelift. Ugh! [The filmed doctor was a real plastic surgeon doing the role. That's realism.]One year later . . .London ex-cop Brandon is killed in a crack house. His wife, Julia (Stine Stengade), is unfazed. DI Travis wants to know why. The murder scene includes, besides blood, body and bullets, Fentanyl, drug known on the street as "Drop Dead."Conflict abounds in the situation room as Travis pursues her own clues, Lewis has a family distraction, and Langston was a past friend/colleague with the victim. DCI Power (Ray Fearon), drug squad, adds inter-circle anxiety.Julia's sister (Benedikte Hansen) and brother-in-law (Julian Sands- Room with a View), an Oxford bio-chem professor, provide answers.But related deaths rise and a confession doesn't end this case. A new threat is massively deadly. Travis makes a connection. Some male staff try to make personal contact with her, proving she may just be too HOT for the team.Cops hurry to avoid Julia becoming the 4th victim. Confessions and CCTV helps the case move toward an identity. But a Colombian drug cartel is also in pursuit.And the winner is . . .And the loser is . . .This is the 3rd  story in this series, streamed in the US prior to DVD release.Above Suspicion, Set 1has two cases.NEXT: "Above Suspicion: Silent Scream" This series is proving to be as intensely stimulating as La Plante's "Prime Suspect."`
The Onion is absolutely great with short comedy videos but has struggled to bring consistent humor to a long form. This time they have captured the magic. A fake news network offers all kinds of room for satire and they nailed it. I liked everyone in the cast. I really want to see more of this series. Go Onion!
Now here is a fantasy story line that gives the viewer some credit for understanding the plots. Each segment carries its ownmain plot with background building to the next and overall season. Which is what a series should have...you can jump in anytimeand get a real story, then follow the entire series for the greater vision. Good writers should be applauded. Breaking Bad has that, but Falling Skys struggles to maintain continuity.  Grimm can go on for many seasons with me watching.
I am really suprised after watching the first episode. I feel I am going to be hooked. I don't want to give away anything, but the acting is great, and the overall story seems like something I could really get into.
Agatha Christie's Poirot stories are just  the right note for a late night viewing before going to sleep or on a rainy afternoon.  The stories always keep my interest even though I have seen them more than once.  People who have read and enjoyed the books will enjoy the videos.
There is something so human about this show. I like the mother daughter mother relationship that is finally shown for what it truly is....Complicated!  But with a great sense of humor.
I hope that the transgender issue can be treated respectfully and doesn't become a very stereotypically comedic punch line.  If the story is treated from a place of love and portrays the kids struggle to accept the transformation I can see this becoming a very, very good show and I would definitely continue watching it.  I have the utmost respect for those who are strong enough to be honest about who they are deep inside and I'm interested to see how his self-involved kids deal with it.  I'm pulling for this show and I love Jeffrey Tambor and the rest of the cast seems great as well.
If you like adventure survival shows this is for you. Very well edited with just enough humor, drama and survival challenges. What makes it so interesting these are real people in a real tough situation, thinking as htey go, to survive.
It caught my attention immediately... I thought the cast had great chemistry... and story line too... kept me wanting to see more... and good values to the story line... lesson learned..
Copper is a dirty, gritty backhanded compliment to the time period in which it is set - 1800's, NYC-Fivepoints. The main character is interestingly flawed and the main storyline as well as the subplots are loosely woven, great in their presentation. I also like the fact that one of the primary characters is a black man who is learned and not a stereo type.
I don't watch the show, but my sister in law does and asked for it for Christmas.  I just loved the great price!
I chose 5 stars because everyone loves Sesame Street. Very informative and my 3 year old loves the music and lessons taught in the show. Definitely recommend watching.
With the world moving so fast now-a-days, we still have inexplicable talents of people that have amazing gifts of perception, intuition, and just have a way of seeing the world around us.
People who wax philisophical about this being the Golden Age of television arent off in any way.  Never before in my life have I been around so many solidly great shows airing at once.  I'm not saying this is universal, because of course this is also the era of reality TV, but between The Wire, Dexter, Numb3rs, Lost, Californication, etc, etc, I've never before been as excited about what is possible with television as an entertainment media.  I think we have far and away trumped movies as far as overall content and originality.  Movies are all about the "remake" these days, but shows like Breaking Bad are about as original as you could possibly ask for.I wont really get into too much thematic elements or subject items, because I dont want to spoil one second of this extremely brief Season 1, but Bryan Cranston absolutely hits it out of the park with his portrayal of "average middle class dad".  He plays it so numb, then breaks bad with such force...I honestly think this is one of the performances of the year.  I'm not overstating this in any way, he's phenomenal.  He makes you so sympathetic to his plight that you really watch each episode absolutely rooting for him to best the challenging sitution he's involved in.  He's the baddest nerd that ever was.Give this show one episode, and you'll be hooked, and go ahead and set aside another six hours to marathon the rest of the series.  Its that good.
This is a fresh new show.  It does not have a lot of filth in it that so many new shows have.
I found this entire series worthy of a 5. Entertaining, and with imagination, and I did not want it to end.
I love &#34;Sunny.&#34; Frank is like the funniest father figure on the planet. I could never have a gloomy day watching these guys. This is a must have!
I love this series! It's addictive- almost like a soap opera, but more wholesome. My husband enjoys the series, too.
There are very few good scifi and fantasy movies on the market these days.  This one is one of the best!  It is worth every penny!  The story of redemption was excellent because it put a spotlight on the internal battle between right and wrong that we all face every day!  Excellent acting, excellent effects, excellent story!
I love this show, clever, witty and wish season 2 didn't have to end. Look forward to Season 3, can't wait.
"Vikings" is a miniseries that deals with the Viking discovery of England and the "lands to the west."  Protagonist Ragnar Lothbrok is a restless, ambitious man who is sworn to fealty to a tyrannical chieftain.  His chieftain fears Ragnar's ambitions, and therein lies a fascinating story of jealousy, intrigue, and power.  The acting, cinematography, and storyline of Vikings are all first-rate.  This story is also historically accurate.  Until the Vikings learned how to navigate and sail the open ocean England was protected from their depredations.  Once that changed England and other European lands were subject to the full "fury of the Northmen" and a terrible age of slaughter and plunder ensued, which lasted for many centuries."Vikings" in no way tries to whitewash the vicious and bloodthirsty nature of the Northmen Vikings, but it does humanize them and give the viewer insight on how things looked from the Viking perspective.  The Vikings viewed raiding and plunder as the natural state of affairs, and they were good at it.  They had their own laws and religion among themselves and they lived by these, and this series brings this out as well.This is a first-rate miniseries which I trust will not end with only nine episodes.  The story has just begun!  RJB.
Season three has been a cliffhanger that has clearly left Alaska. Although I am still rooting for the young kid that has worked at his grandfathers gold mine in Alaska for most of his life. Given his &#34;education &#34; fund of enough gold to put him through college probably twice, but he has decided instead to fund his first endeavor of working a claim that is all his. Diamonds or malaria for the Hoofmans? Will they find fortune in gold or diamonds and other precious jewels. For newbies that had a difficult time learning the ins and outs of gold mining, will they be able to even know what they are looking at? Raw jewels are far from those that you find at your local Jewelry store.
Having lived in the WASHDC metropolitan area for many years, I have come to view the US Congress as a group of entertainers; some of them could easily fit into ALPHA HOUSE while others would easily fit into HOUSE OF CARDS.  Other members seem to just wander around trying to figure out what is going on.
I can use one word to describe JOHN DIES AT THE END:  brilliant.  And that is being modest.  There are many other words I could use for this film as well:  ground-breaking, visionary, epic, etc.  But I think `brilliant' pretty much sums it all up.  This film sets a new standard for cinema today and, in my opinion, should go down in the annals of cinematic history as a masterpiece.I knew this was going to be a great film from the first time I heard about it.  Director Don Coscarelli is a master of the craft and is the brainchild behind one of horror's most iconic series, the PHANTASM quadrilogy.  He's also well-known for the horror-comedy hit BUBBA HO-TEP.  Coscarelli knows what fans want and how to give it to them.The most impressive aspect of this film to me is how it defies all genre stereotypes.  It is a hybrid of several tropes:  science-fiction, comedy, horror, and even basic drama.  But that is part of its allure; there's so much going on that even the most diehard genre fan should find something to enjoy.JOHN DIES AT THE END is shot very well and the cinematography is nothing short of stunning in certain scenes.  The production value is high and everything on-screen looks great, right down to the CG effects.  The sets are excellent and the attention to detail is painstaking.The acting is also superb, with Chase Williamson and Rob Mayes heading up a stellar cast that includes Paul Giamatti, Clancy Brown, Glynn Turman, and Doug Jones.  The chemistry between the cast is one large reason the film is such a successBut the primary reason JOHN DIES AT THE END is such a blast is the plot.  It loops, it twists, it ducks out of reality...but it stays cohesive (even if it is a mind-bending trip) and delivers on every level.  This is certainly not a movie you can casually watch, though; you need to be plugged in and paying attention.  If you are, then you're in for a huge treat.  The film is vastly entertaining and rewards the viewer in more ways than one.JOHN DIES AT THE END is a major win for me and I highly recommend it.  I would even go so far as to say it needs to be on your Must See for 2013 list.  The film is available now in several formats, so definitely give it a look.
I discovered this show just yesterday - watched it on a whim and found myself devouring every episode in a binge-watching orgy. Every episode is hysterically funny - the crisp writing, the solid acting from all involved and Bo Burnam's timing are worth every second of your time. Though it is aimed at a youth market, the painful, hilarious awkwardness transcends pigeon-holing. Spot on.
If you love those collector, picker, or pawn reality shows, you should enjoy Deals from the Darkside.  I think the title of the show, and the fact that the show is aired on Syfy (which I never watch!), would prevent some fans from trying this series out.  Sure, he seeks out collectibles related to death and torture, but what he finds is usually very unique, rare, and has a lot of history behind it.  I emphasize, if you like these kind of shows, you should like this one just as well because of the rare stuff he comes across.  I've learned a ton of history just from watching the first season.
I love Caroline Quentin. I followed the Jonathan Creek series avidly and she was one of the reasons I watched it. Her comedic skills are delightful!  She never overplays her roles. She shines in this series as an overworked cop and mother with a relaxed style which is a joy to watch. Too often such series focus on the violence and the protagonists are forced to reflect that violence. When one watches Blue Murder, one gets the feeling that &#34;Mummy &#34; will make everything better :-)
This is our favorite show and we look forward to watching it every week! Since we don't have cable, we have to wait for Amazon to make it available, but we only have to wait one extra day to watch it. This was the only show we watched every week on cable, so it's much cheaper for us to just pay for this show instead of paying the high price of cable television and getting a whole bunch of shows and channels that we have no desire to watch!
Luke is a 25-year-old autistic man who has lived a sheltered life with his grandparents. But his world is turned upside down when his grandmother dies and he is forced to live with his dysfunctional relatives who have no patience for him or his senile grandfather, who they quickly force into a nursing home. Luke is left with his grandfather's final semi-coherent words: &#34;Get a job. Find a girl. Live your own life. Be a man!&#34; For the first time in his life, Luke has a mission.He is brilliantly portrayed by Lou Taylor Pucci and Kristin Bauer  who portrays Aunt Cindy does an excellent job, as well as Mackenzie Munro who portrays Cousin Megan.Great cast - great story. A feel good movie and only two deaths in the whole movie.A great dark comedy.This is a movie worth watching, you are guaranteed to love it.This is the beginning of a successful career for Lou Taylor Pucci.
It's different, actors are very good.I look forward to it every week.  It's not your run of the mill detective show.Tammy
No one and no topic is safe from their humorous comedic onslaught, they even put each other on the spot taking turns being the joke. They are today's version of Smother's Brothers only free and uncensored to bring out all the worlds shortfalls.
Dont miss this show its crazy funny. Love Ashton thiink he really added to the show. Seriously dude those sandals have to go. Love the ending of the last show. Its like modern family it really needs to be on 3 times a week...
I have to say this was another good episode of NCIS and I am going to say the writing was really good. I am a huge fan of NCIS and I hope in the future all episodes have this good of writing. I am pleased with my purchase.
I am hoping to see season 3 soon. The first 2 seasons were a hoot. Older lawyer mentors younger lawyer. Or maybe not, The younger lawyer has some tricks to teach.
I enjoyed watching Mark Taylor on Flashpoint. I was sad when his character Lewis was killed in the 3rd Season, Episode 1: One Wrong Move.
Stephen Colbert is a gifted performer who is able to bring current news topic in comical way while satirizing the conservative noise machine.  i especially like when he offers a twisted view of a current event and then to backup his point of view he will show clips from conservative news agencies such as Fox News to support his point of view.
Yeah, too bad this show lasted for only 4 seasons.  Check out Season 4, &#34;In A Mirror (Part 1)&#34;.  This only got an 8. rating but it should have gotten a 9+.  While filming the last few episodes, they must have know the show was going to be canceled.  They sure went out with a bang.
Once again, a unique show, with great writing and acting, is killed off before it has a chance to build an audience.  I somehow missed this show completely when it originally aired back in '07-'08.  This indicates to me how little this show had to have been promoted when it initially aired.  I discovered it only recently on streaming Netflix and I believe the second evening I began watching it I got so hooked I sat up watching episodes until nine o'clock the following morning.  I could not believe a network show this good only lasted two seasons and got such low ratings.  Damien Lewis and Sarah Shahi made for a great detective duo and each episode was incredibly well written with unique plot lines. I had never seen a show with so many great guest stars that I never seen anywhere else before. All facets of this show just screamed QUALITY and ORIGINALITY, but not surprisingly this meant a death knell for LIFE.  A similar type show with a similar fate was last years PRIME SUSPECT with Maria Bello.  It didn't even last a full season, I don't think.  So if you want to guarantee a brief tenure for your new show, simply hire quality actors and writers and it'll be gone before you know it.  Congrats again to you network execs!  And you wonder why your audiences have been decreasing year after year.  In the word(s) of Homer Simpson (AS WELL AS NETWORK PROGRAMMING EXPERTS).........DOH!!!!
About life after nuclear war. I recommend. It to all adults only.  Amazon you need to buy the rest of the seasons.
ALL THINGS GOOD is a polished little film based on a true story that while it may not have the visual gruesome detail of the usual thriller tropes of films, it is terrifying in its presentation of personality variations that produce a shuddering reaction on a purely intellectual level for the audience. It is both a love story and a missing persons/murder mystery based on a still unsolved case that continues to haunt New York investigators and reporters and detectives. What writers Marcus Hinchey and Marc Smerling have created from known and newly discovered facts, speculation and court records results in a psychological examination of a powerful New York family, obsession, love and loss. The film relates incidents that began in 1972 and end in 2003 and at this time the truth is still unknown. Director Andrew Jarecki uses a superb cast and a fine sense of voice-over narration to interweave the puzzling history with the gradual dissolution of each of the characters involved.Sanford Marks (Frank Langella) is one of the wealthiest owners of Manhattan real estate, the current head of a family that has long dominated the New York scene with its power and money. Marks is aging and is relying on his son David (Ryan Gosling) to take over the family business: he sends David out to the brothels, and filthy hotels and porn houses to collect rent. David is reticent to be a part of his father's business: he is a deeply disturbed young man, having witnessed his mother's suicide leap as a child. David meets a tenant in one of the properties - Katie McCarthy (Kirsten Dunst) who longs to go to medical school but at present has no income to support that dream. The chemistry between the two is magnetic and despite David's father's objection that Katie is not of 'their kind of people', David decides to marry Katie and move to Vermont to open a Health Foods store - a move that makes the couple ectsatic, but is financed by Sanford Marks who eventually convinces David to sell his haven and move to New York to stay with the family business.In their Manhattan home (and in their country lake front home!) the couple flourishes until Katie mentions she'd like to have children - a force that drives David back into violent behavior resulting form his witnessing his mother's suicide: David can't understand why Katie would want anything but the obvious life of wealth they enjoy. The shell is cracked and the subsequent events include Katie becoming pregnant only to be forced by David to terminate the pregnancy, Katie's disappearance after uncovering the facts about the sources of wealth of the family, David's descent into drugs and irresponsible behavior, and ultimately his leaving New York for Galveston, Texas where he lives a life disguised as a woman, his only friend being another old runaway Melvin Bump (Philip Baker Hall) who David engages to do away with a 'problem confidant' (Lilly Rabe), after which Bump is killed and dissected and tossed into the river. The murders are never solved nor is the mystery of Katie' disappearance. A trial (the source of the voice-over throughout the film has been the lawyer's interrogation of David in the year 2003) fails to resolve anything and the film ends with the message that David Marks is at present a real estate broker in Florida.Frank Langella is superb as the heartless father who drives his family like cattle in the quest of power and wealth. Ryan Gosling offer a multifaceted performance of the deeply disturbed David and is match by Kirsten Dunst's bravura performance as Katie, the simple bright girl whose life is quashed by a powerful family's sickness. The brilliant cast, including the performances by Philip Baker Hall and Lilly Rabe - daughter of the deceased Jill Clayburgh), has excellent cameo roles by Diane Venora, Trini Alvarado, David Margulies, Nick Offerman and many more. This is a tough film to watch because at the bottom of it all is that it is true and the cases are unsolved. It makes us cringe but it is a very fine film.
One of the best shows on Syfy.  Too bad Syfy still hasn't figured this out and is canceling the show.
I caught onto this series about a month ago. Watched the first two seasons and loved them, this one is great also. If your looking for a good SciFi show this is the one to watch.
Very interesting and entertaining to view.  What amazed me was enjoying a secret, that they were featuring, even though I was really interested in the topic.
My curiosity is what made me get this. I was worried that they couldn't bring this together conceptually. This show is set in the now, but  the original movie was set in the 50's?  But once you start watching the character's and plot are so interesting that I didn't find myself caring so much. The first few minutes gets your attention and you just want to know more and more. The tone of the show is a bit spooky. The mom is a real piece of work, and Norman is a likeable, sweet boy. You can totally put together why he ends up the guy from Psycho. There is a lot going on in this show to get and keep you hooked. Not to spoil anything but the first few episodes has a possible murder and cover-up, a rape, a definite murder and cover-up, a sex trade hostage, a bulldog sheriff, a dangerous deputy, and an illegal drug operation that the whole town might be a part of. Yep, it's a roller-coaster.  If you like shows like Smallville and Supernatural (I do) then I think you will like this.
Season Four is just as good as 1,2,and 3.  I have watched each episode in order, nightly and it is gripping!  The actors in this show are the best I've ever seen.  Highly recommended.
A very cute show.  It reminded me of the Wonder Pets which makes sense since it is by the created of that show.  My 3 year old loved it and shouted &#34;AGAIN&#34; at the end
I hate how they turned this into the show about the ghost. She evolved from a frightened murder victim to empowered supernatural being over the first three seasons. But killing off all the characters but her, it's essentially a different show - and worse for it.
I watched the whole first season and I am halfway through the second season. I dont know how I ever missed finding this show on tv but I am so happy I found it on Amazon Prime. Love Simon Baker and the whole cast and the stories. I truly enjoy this series.
WHEN IS THE NEXT SEASON ARRIVING? MORE EPISODES  FOR THE SEASON PLEASE.
A show that prey- I mean plays upon many of Stephen King's wondrous imaginationary creations? Whether subtle or overt or twisted a bit more? It just gets better in the second season, whatwith mysteries piling on each other, and each secret revealed more tantalizing than the one before, but with the price of more questions popping up. As well as shocking things that happen to jolt you back.The Troubles are still getting confused, but so is the mystery of the man with the tattoo, and Audrey's connection to Haven, Maine, and, most especially, her own childhood.Unlike Stephen King's stories, however, this show doesn't need graphic language nor excessive violence, nor even heavy sex scenes to prove itself worthy of attention. It proves its worth all its own, and does it thoroughly.
I immediately wanted to watch this when I saw Jason Momoa was starring in it. And then Lisa Bonet. And then Tom Sizemore! I mean, I'm a huge fan of them all. And it's set in NJ, where I'm from. The story line seems pretty promising so far. Hoping the show goes a long way!
I'm not a fan of reality TV, but this show is pretty good.  You get to really see creativity in action.
Definitely my favorite pilot.  Great, hilarious characters.  It also has a great cameo.  I will be angry if this doesn't get made. Very angry. I might even get drunk and rage and swear a little.
After almost 20 years watching this series is as entertaining as it was originally.  Many shows after a period of time seem a little silly because they are dated and the subject matter has become trite.  This series watches the same as it did when first aired and is still as entertaining!
The series continues with the same format, a crime with a few dead ends and personal lives that continue to grow in different directions.  Yet, the series grows on you.  Each of the members of her elite homicide squad all detectives face life with laughter, tears, anger, and joy keep you hooked in the LA Police's back-story - keeping you wanting more.
As usual the web that is woven is just that spun in a spider web Raylan isn't the spiders but he is definately in trouble not just with his heart either. Why I love this show is because it is real, really! I adore the supporting cast but the writing makes me come back!
Season 3 is a bit better than 2. The story lines aren't as focused on the Danny Devito character (Frank Reynolds). Funny and very enjoyable.
This was so CUTE.  I have seen it a few time but yeah when you fine something you like, you go back over and over to see it again.  But with so many people not using trash cans, flying paper will be from someone trash....but when their eyes meet, I think they call it &#34;love at first sight&#34;.  I have got to say it is love at frist heart beat.  The paper airplanes wow bright ideal. But I do not know how to make paper airplanes, so if I see a handsome guy, well I think well, roll it up and ....well you know what I mean.  Thank You for it.God Bless You Amazon.  Sincerely yours; Georgia from Yuma, Arizona.  P.S.  bulls eye.....then say how ru doing?
Very different show like The Event or FlashForward  but with more twists and turns.You just don't know what is going to happen next.
This show is so removed from any life I could or would ever live that it is total escapism for me. I absolutely LOVE it!!!
the intrigue of the King's Court keeps my attention; every character is carefully drawn, and with amazing depth.I will continue to watch every show in the series.Top rating!
I am a big fan of Lynda LaPlant's work and wish this series went longer.  Would like the series to run longer.
Found this show to be well written and well acted.  Was entertaining and the characters memorable.  I will now be watching the new season as I am a fan now.
Here you have a cop that understands how to justify doing the wrong to bring about the right.  He tracks down killers and bends the rules to make sure they no longer victimize people.  He's ethical and unethical at the same time and it's interesting to see to what level of insubordination he'll go to right a situation.  Compelling and thought provoking.  You root for Luther as he is consumed with bringing the criminal to justice.  Same for season 2.
I'm not at all sure there is anything better than an exclusive tour of other people's filth. THAT is entertainment!
My overriding impression of "Bones Season 2" is that perhaps Booth and Brennan were getting too close in season one, and forces needed to be put in place to put some distance between the two. The first was by replacing Jonathan Adams (Dr. Daniel Goodman) with Tamara Taylor (Dr. Camille Saroyan) as Brennan's boss, who, by the way, had a romantic relation with Booth when they were in New York. The second was to introduce a romantic interest for Brennan, in the form of FBI agent Tim Sullivan (Sully), who replaces Booth while he is sidelined for a psychiatric evaluation by the premier guest character on "Bones", Gordon, Gordon Wyatt, played by Stephen Fry.Wyatt and Booth have some of the most delicious scenes outside of the episodes where Booth and Brennan get close.In retrospect, it is just a bit hard to take the interchange between Brennan and Saroyan in the first few episodes. Booth is surprised at her arrival, and resists Saroyan's direction. I suppose the reason it's odd is because we all suspect from the outset that in the lab, and with Booth, Brennan will always be the alpha dog. After all, the show is named after her.Overall, I would say season 2 is as good as season 1, and better than season 3 (It is rated better than both seasons 1 and 3.) Season 1 had the "getting to work together jitters" and season 2 had the "separation moves". The main season 3 arc was simply not as good.
I've now caught up on BREAKING BAD by watching all of Season One on DVD and Season Two on DVR.  I've been extremely impressed by what I've seen so far, and consider all that I've seen so far to be first rate.  While I'm not yet convinced that this is going to end up a truly great series, it clearly has enormous potential and is buoyed by several exceptional performances, especially by Bryan Cranston as Walter White.Just about everything that has taken place so far on the show has been beyond criticism.  My hesitation in proclaiming this a masterpiece or even one of the best shows currently on television stems from a lack of sense what the endgame of the show is.  Only time will eliminate my hesitancy.  If it turns out that Vince Gilligan has a clear vision of where this show will eventually end up and if that vision is compelling, then this will indeed go down as a great series.  Does Gilligan have a rough storyboard for the entire series?  Or does he just have a rough idea of where the next season is going?  It is an important distinction.  Although Ron Moore repeatedly hinted that he had only a few ideas of where he was taking BATTLESTAR GALACTICA, the ending and the way it deeply coheres with so much that happened even in the first couple of seasons leads me to believe that he was essentially deceiving us and really knew all along.  Contrast this with a series that was just making it up as it went along, THE X-FILES (a series upon which Gilligan worked extensively).  Although there were many great episodes on that show and a host of memorable aspects, in the end it was a show that was greatly harmed by the ramshackle long story arc, with a host of variant versions of key events (e.g., what precisely happened to Mulder's sister and who his father was, answers to which changed several times over the course of the show).  We simply haven't had enough episodes of BREAKING BAD for us to tell whether there is an end towards which everything is pointing.That being said, there are a number of things I really love about this show.  Sticking with narrative structure for the moment, I like that many of the episodes more or less pick up from the end of the previous episode.  I'm a passionate believer in the superiority of serial narrative.  Almost without exception all the TV series that I have loved over the course of the past twenty years have featured serial narratives; virtually none have been episodic.  I love the complexity of character and story that can result from this.  And BREAKING BAD clearly has embraced the serial format.  This will, in the end, be a series with a definite beginning, middle, and end.I also have been blown away -- along with everyone else -- by Bryan Cranston as Walter White.  He was good in MALCOLM IN THE MIDDLE, but he is so much better in this it is as if Jerry Seinfeld had gone to sleep and work up Laurence Olivier.  The range and depth of his performance is absolutely astonishing.  I especially love how nuanced he makes Walter.  Although someone engaged in criminal activity, he does so from a sense of moral obligation.  He is pursuing immoral means to achieve a moral end.  Above all he is a man dedicated to caring for his family.  At no point is this illustrated more than in the moment where he compiles a list of the reasons for sparing and the reasons for killing Crazy Eight, a drug dealer being held in his partner's basement.  In the "not to kill" column he has a long, long list of compelling reasons.  In the "kill" column, there is only one:  if he lets him go he will kill both him and his family.  That pretty much sums up Walter.  He will do no wrong, unless by so doing he endangers his family.Another thing I love about the show is the wide range of responses it evokes.  Although essentially a drama, I find myself laughing constantly.  His life has been reduced to one long absurdity, and Gilligan does not hesitate to emphasize this by showing how ridiculous things are.  But the show can turn on on a dime to go from humorous or dramatic, to out and out shocking.  There are many, many OMG! moments one the show.This has become one of the shows that I simply won't miss.  No one who cares about quality television should neglect catching up on this one ASAP.
This series grows on you. I have watched the 1st season twice. The first time Ididn't know what to think. The 2nd season came out and I started to watch butfelt I had missed something in the first season. I watched the 1st season againand then marveled at the writing. I like good new idea series and this is one of them.
On the one hand, when a studio bankrolls a remake or a 'reboot' in this case, I feel the need to lament the lack of creativity, the lack of original thought at work in the Hollywood studio system. Can't anyone come up with anything new and original? But when the 'reboot' is as good as "Star Trek", I kind of wish J.J. Abrams was at the helm of them all. His new film adds richness and depth to a once ailing mythology bringing it back to life by going back to the beginning."Star Trek" introduces us to Kirk (Chris Pine, "Bottle Shock"), Spock (Zachary Quinto, TV's "Heroes"), Bones (Karl Urban), McCoy (Simon Pegg, "Shaun of the Dead", "Hot Fuzz", "Run, Fatboy, Run"), Sulu (John Cho, "Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle"), Chekhov (Anton Yelchin, "Alpha Dog") and Uhuru (Zoe Saldana, "Drumline) on the first voyage of the U.S.S. Enterprise. As this is "Star Trek: Origins", if you will, writers Robert Orci and Alex Kurtzmann ("Transformers", "Cloverfield") and director J.J. Abrams (TV's "Lost" and "Alias", "Mission Impossible III", "Cloverfield") have taken some liberties with the timeline and stayed true to other parts of the mythology. What this mix accomplishes is to give us a fresh take on these characters, allowing us to see how they got started and how they would become what they would become.A rebellious kid, Jim Kirk (Pine) likes to race vehicles he doesn't own in his Iowa hometown. One day, he enters a bar filled with Starfleet Cadets and starts hitting on a beautiful woman. But Uhuru (Saldana) isn't interested and asks him to leave. A fight quickly develops and Kirk gets a bloody nose before Captain Pike (Bruce Greenwood) puts and end to the bar brawl. He sits Kirk down and explains he knows about him, about his father and challenges Kirk to join Starfleet and do better than his dad did. His dad died trying to save as many lives as possible when the U.S.S. Kelvin was under attack. The next morning, Kirk takes up the challenge and meets McCoy (Urban) a doctor who is also headed to Starfleet for training. Three years later, Kirk is taking the infamous Kobayashi Morou test again. And passes. Much to the astonishment of the test's creator, Commander Spock (Quinto), causing the two to become, at best, rivals. Just as an academic tribunal is called to investigate the charges against Kirk, Starfleet receives a distress signal from Vulcan. They quickly dispatch the recruits to new ships and eventually, everyone ends up on the Enterprise under Captain Pike's leadership. As they head out to assist the other star ships, Kirk becomes convinced they are about to enter an ambush and proves to be right. A Romulan mining vessel, led by Nero (Eric Bana, "Hulk", the upcoming "Funny People") is drilling into the core of Vulcan, causing seismic activity and he has just blown up the rest of the ships. The Enterprise takes evasive action, but Pike is soon summoned to the enemy vessel leaving Commander Spock in charge. He appoints Kirk his First Officer. The first order of business is to stop the drill and then save the Captain. But Nero proves a persistent villain and when he reveals what he really wants, everyone kicks into overdrive and start working together, becoming the team we all remember. Will Kirk and Spock learn to work together? Will everyone find their place on the Enterprise? Will this vessel staffed largely by new recruits be able to fight off the bent-on-revenge Nero?Abrams has achieved the right balance of reverence to the characters and universe of these people while taking them to new and exciting places, bringing them alive for a new generation. It's really quite remarkable work when you think about all of the other needless remakes and reboots littering the Hollywood landscape.All of the characters seem to have the trademark mannerisms of the television cast. Pine develops a telling swagger and bravado, very similar to William Shatner's portrayal of the role. More importantly, he doesn't display these mannerisms from the beginning; he grows into them as he develops the courage and bravery he will become known for. A friend saw a copy of Entertainment Weekly with Quinto as Spock on the cover sitting on my desk. "How do you feel about them using a CGI character in this film?" After a brief conversation, I learned he felt the character had to be CGI because he looked so similar to Leonard Nimoy's Spock, only a lot younger. I explained that an actor was playing the role and he was just amazed. Quinto was, reportedly, the first person hired for the film and he does an excellent job of making the character his own, while paying homage to Nimoy. Karl Urban seems to have a lot of fun paying the perpetually cross Dr. Bones McCoy, again adopting and paying homage to many of the character quirks DeForest Kelly used in his portrayal. Zoe Saldana is good as Uhuru. She and Kirk meet in the bar the night before they leave to join Starfleet and he continues to pine for her throughout the film. Her Uhuru is a little more fully integrated into the plot, a little more active, involving herself with Kirk and Spock. Anton Yelchin has some fun moments as the very young Chekhov. And John Cho. Well known for silly, raunchy comedies shows he may have some action chops on him. Sulu is also new to the Enterprise and has some growing pains. When Captain Pine picks Kirk and Sulu to lead a mission to stop a Romulan drilling device, they team up on a pretty terrifying and thrilling mission. And Sulu's unique skill set quickly comes in to play.And that, is your crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise. Wait! Who am I forgetting? Ah yes, Scotty. Scotty is played by Simon Pegg, a British comedian who stars in a series of memorable films he co-wrote and co-directed (the best is "Shaun of the Dead") and he is clearly having a lot of fun playing the role. At one point, he shouts James Doohan's trademark phrase "I'm giving her all she's got" and it's nice to hear it even if it seems drowned out by the cacophony surrounding their battle. It is also interesting to see how Scotty joins the crew as he isn't on the ship when it leaves Starfleet.Bruce Greenwood plays Captain Pine, the original commander of the new U.S.S. Enterprise. He does a good job displaying the right mixture of knowledge, leadership and mentoring to his young crew. More importantly, this is Abrams way of giving a little wink and a nod to the fact the original television series pilot was filmed with Captain Pine, not Kirk. The network didn't like it and Gene Rodenberry recast the role making William Shatner Captain Kirk. This pilot episode would eventually become the basis for a later two-part episode reusing much of the footage in flashback. An interesting move on both Rodenberry and Abrams' part.Eric Bana plays Nero, once a simple miner trying to make a life for he and his expectant wife, who is now so hell-bent on revenge, he will destroy entire planets to achieve his goal. He is good, surprisingly, and displays both the right level of menace and humanity as displayed through his reasons for wanting to extract revenge. Bana was once the next big thing and starred in a series of films, none of which ever achieved much critical praise or box office clout. He is more interesting as the villain in this film than he was as the "Hulk" in the version directed by Ang Lee. He is following this film with a role in "Funny People", the new film from Judd Apatow starring Adam Sandler, Seth Rogen, Leslie Mann and Jonah Hill.And I don't think I'm spoiling anything for anyone by mentioning that Leonard Nimoy makes an appearance as Spock. It is sort of thrilling to see him return to such an iconic role. Better yet, rather than a quick cameo, his appearance plays an integral role in the plot and he has a significant amount of screen time.Perhaps best of all, none of the characters goes without creating at least one moment of levity. It is nice to see that while the material is taken very seriously, they also recognize we can have a bit of humor, to lighten up the serious nature of the story. Just a little.Abrams has created a plot involving black holes, time travel (allowing him to include Nimoy) and revenge. It is an involving, complicated story that makes good use of the characters, their mythology and their backgrounds. It's a great ride and an almost perfect film.I read an article about the making of this film and Abrams noted that when he was researching the material and watching the episodes of the television series, he noticed a lot of scenes had lens flares in front of the character's faces. This is yet another aspect Abrams chose to pay tribute to. And it is an interesting visual device the first dozen times or so. But when this continues throughout the entire film, sometimes more than once in a scene, it becomes distracting and annoying. In almost every scene, a bright light or a lens flare partially obscures at least one character's face for a few seconds before disappearing or lowering to return again. A few times, this is used as a transitional device, but more often than not, it simply becomes distracting.Despite this one annoying (and constant) distraction, Abrams and his writing team have done an amazing job of bringing life back to familiar characters and a familiar mythology that we don't have to give up just yet. I can't wait to see what they come up with for the two sequels. Can Khan be far away?
This show promises to be Chris Carter's best. I loved the &#34;X Files&#34; and &#34;Millenium&#34; was good. This show combines these shows together. I can't wait!
I enjoyed watching the series. I enjoy Vietnam movies. I grew up watching the war on television and worrying that I would be drafted into the war. The war ended before I finished high school. Confusing time in America during the war with the protests against war, civil rights movements and riots. It was good to see the soldiers point of view from the private up to the general.
Incredible photography-great scripts-both my wife & I love it! We can't wait for the next season to arrive so that we can gobble it up...
This is a really fun and quirky show! Still not sure who is my favorite character yet, I like each of them for their uniqueness!
This show has the largest upside to any I've seen in a long time.  With a brilliant cast, completely compelling characters and the rich diversity of disparate components of such a solid unit (the symphony) juxtaposed with the NYC art scene and the earnest hope of the young aspiring artists can, and hopefully will, make for great humor and drama.  It can be a complete human experience; it has all the tools in place.
Best unexpected show I think I can't get enought of.  Mary is a delight.  I'm glad to see such a show without the pay per view aspect of power.
I love this science show.  They have a variety of topics in each show and explain them in a easy to understand and entertaining way.  This is my go-to show for evening relaxation.
Very entertaining and informative. My nephew loves this a lot. He remembers a lot of information from this. Worth watching.
This was started as a very good show. It was on for only one season.It could have been a great show but you decide.
Great Old School Cop Show.  I've watched every episode , seasons 1 thru 12. I wish that there were more seasons , but.............
A great excitement and travel bundle laid in your lap.  We never miss a season it is always fun to see where and what they have to do next.  Sometimes the gripeing and fighting gets annoying but hey the rest if fun.  Give it a try and get ready for some excitement
This season is much better then the last two seasons yet the critics have been harsher. I think that with the additions of Witt and Rapaport the show is back on track but sadly it's being canceled after season 7.
I love this saga, it is better than reading a deliciously evil novel. The acting is superb, the plot fantastic I hang on every episode waiting for the next. Better than Downton Abbey which I also love.
Silly, somewhat far-fetched? Yes, but so much fun for my 12 and 14 yr old... and really between video games and the internet, I'd take iCarly any day!
Keeps its pace up by doubling up on episodes within a single show, seems very selective about cases and officers involved, unlike similar shows. Attention to detail makes even &#34;unsolved&#34; or unresolved cases interesting and dramatic. Great show.
You never know what to expect when the series starts.  Edge of your seat thrills.  This opens the mind and makes you think.
Well, I sure do vote for a full season of Bosch. Of course, I'm a fan of the books; have read 8 or 10 of them. But quite apart from that, Bosch is a top-drawer police procedural. It has the feel of the reality of a homicide investigation; it has some of that grittiness & credibility that The Wire had. (Two Wire stalwarts are in the cast, too.) Amazon would be missing out if they don't buy a full season. But if they don't, I bet someone else will. Happily.
At the end of the pilot, I just wanted more...bottom line! Can''t wait to see if this is developed into a series and see what happens next! Warning: spoiler alert: The characters are interesting, the &#34;lost&#34; two days for the select group with shared birthdays, and the alien...give me more!
This series is just lovely to watch, it really makes one feel good.  The characters are finely drawn and beautifully acted.
My daughter loves to watch this show. She started watching Umizoomi's at about 21 months. She loves watching this right up with Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, Backyardigans, Dora and Bubble Guppies...
Awesome series!  I hope they don't cancel this one.  You never quite knew what was around the corner.  A city under a dome, no outside contact except sparse transmissions from the only radio station in town.  Which the stupid councilman destroys (typically politician, always keeping secrets).  First you're thinking alien force, now with these transmissions, could it be man-made, a military experiment?  Will their ultimate target be killed?  Does someone finally put the councilman in his place?  What role will the monarch now play?  So many unanswered questions and so many avenues this series could take.  I think it's a worth see!!
I love his crustiness and that he struggles with modern gadgets.  He has a great relationship with his partner and his boss attempts to keep these two in check with a firm hand.  Great series.
This show is highly addicting.  It brings in all the elements of the outlaw life and an MC, sort of like the Hell's Angels.  Obviously a TV show, none the less it brings a bit of reality to the table and has a good cast.
Hunky Werewolves and other scary creatures that scare the bejesus out of you. It's a must see if you like supernatural shows and lots of action.
This is with out a doubt the best show on tv. A cross between the Shield and the Soprano's! It has action,drama,comedy,and a great story line.(no, Im not a biker)I stayed up all night and finished the first season.If the second season is as good I will stay up all night and watch it!
Who was Damian Lewis anyhow?  W O W what a dynamic character as Detective Charlie Crews in the TV series &#34;Live.&#34;  NBC really dropped the ball by letting this series go with only two seasons.  NBC blames the 2007-2008 Writers Guild strike by cutting the first season to only 11 episodes.  NBC started the second season on Monday then flipped it to Friday, back to Monday, then back to Friday and eventually to Wednesdays I think.  I loved it but I couldn't find it most of the time.  There are 21 episodes for the second and sadly last season of &#34;LIFE.&#34;  Regardless, we have an albeit short first season but it is a block buster.  LIFE is a show that should have been a multi-season series.  NBC was harassed by idiot reviewers who couldn't see through their thick glassed windows having been scratched by watching too much TV for their prior reviews.  LIFE is and will always be a classic.  Damian Lewis and Sarah Shahi has a 'pop your eyes out' magnetic on screen performances.  The best recurring actor was Garret Dillahunt as Roman Nevikov.  Roman is the greatest hope for a TV nemesis ever.  Introduced in the first season, you will find him back in full force in season two.  They did wrap up the series successfully in season two.  When the final episode &#34;One&#34; aired April 8, 2009, the music was remarkable.  Thankfully, I had the episode recorded so I could identify the songs. Soon, I learned that the DVDs and all future airings of the last episode would never have the original songs.  Today, when you watch the last episode &#34;One&#34; you will find the ending flat due to the ridiculous faux pas of NBCs license for the songs. None-the-less, LIFE is a spectacular &#34;32-episode&#34; series that will always be in the hearts of viewers who worked hard to find it.
What is there to say about NCIS?LGG..slappin the back of peoples's heads.Abby..man what a great show.I watch this every Tuesday night,though Los Angles is better.
I was hesitant to watch this show. The premise . seemed goofy. However Spader was in the show so I gave it a try. I was not disappointed. At times I had to suspend belief at the ease which the baddies were killed and the goodies remained unscathed. reminded me of the Man from UNCLE ( showing my age). It is very clever writing and keeps you guessing about the costars husband. What is he up to? Also the mystery about her father. Plenty reasons to keep watching. Spader delivers his lines as only he can. I think he leads the show, it may not have worked without him. Truly an original idea. So glad it has been renewed for a 2nd season so soon. Catch it in Jan and just have fun. be entertained.  .
This show is fantastic. Great writing, very witty and most of all great acting. I would highly recommend this show to anyone and season 2 is honestly even better than the first. If you also enjoy lawyer based shows you would love it. Its also very intelligent not just witty humor which there is plenty of. There are some oversteps they make about legalities but nearly everything is pretty spot on.
This is probably one of the greatest TV series ever made.  It lasted only two years but will be remembered far longer.  The first season covers the period of Ancient Rome from the split between Caesar and Pompey to the murder of Caesar on the senate floor.  The writing and acting is superb and was well thought out.  The creators learned about Roman History and paid attention to fact.  In addition they added two wonderful fictional characters based on real people who are barely known who bumble through the time period experiencing history first hand.  Attia is another character whom history has told us little about and she is fleshed out in the same way.  The fiction and fact meld into a facinating mix of storytelling.  I highly recommend this TV series.
It's a very sweet show.  my 4.5 year old daughter loves it.  It's a great show that teaches about having empathy.
very well done and all middle schoolers should watch them and be inspired to go to college and become scientists
I liked season two of this show.It's still a cute,sexy,funny romantic comedy.Yes,it's a bit raw,by American standards,but it's not an American show.The two lovebirds still have their problems  adjusting to marriage and their friends and family are still ridiculous.Stacey needs to grow up from a selfish girl to a grown woman.Maybe season three will see to that.
who thought that a show about mathematics and crime solving would be both interesting and engaging to watch at the same time.  Season 3 is chock full of engaging characters, situations and stories that will keep any and all interested in this ever growing and popular TV show.  Numb3rs is on the way up and Season 3 has more than enough intrigue, mystery, romance and quite a bit of betrayal in it (The Janus List) a lot of things get brought out into the open and one surprise that i didnt ever see coming at all.Enjoy this one because from the looks of it Rob Morrow, David Krumholtz, Judd Hirsch and the rest of the gang are in for heck of a ride in Season 4.
I was waiting for this to come out and didn't realize it was available.  I purchased the first season of American Horror Story and this one and now I am awaiting the 3rd season!  Awesome!
I have really fallen in love with Grimm.  It's been a lot of fun!  I'd love a tiny bit more of the magical aspect to it, but not a lot more.. I don't like shows that go WAY over board with the magical, mystical weird stuff..  This is a good combination of Crime Fighting, Cop investigating, a bit of Magical Story book type of stuff that pulls you in.  I like the characters, they are all pretty kewl and I really enjoy their roles in the show.  Pretty darned fun to watch!  I love it!
Okay ... when I had cable, I fixed it so my remote would NOT land on MTV.  I was sick of the creeps from New Jersey and the trashy pregnant teens or anyone turning 16.  This show was available for Free on Amazon Prime.  Who doesn't remember the awkward high school teenage years?  (I see you ... raise your hand)The very first show had the star female lead giving it up to the popular high school jock.  Awkward.  Eeuww.  It was a little creepy seeing the actor doing a pretty good job of being, let's say ... &#34;high schoolish&#34; -- eeuw.  BUT all that teenage activity comes with serious things to ponder for those in the teen group and the story ends with good angst-filled messages of being true to yourself, standing firm, and maybe not giving it up so easily.For the rest of us sophisticated, suave and not awkward adults -- you will enjoy the kooky and loveable adults on this show.  Hard to believe we've got a Mouseketeer from the Cristina/Britney/Justin era playing a mom to a teenager.  The high school counselor is a wacky, loveable, character.  The teen girl lead has a hunky, adoring and adorable dad.I was surprised that I loved the show -- it is on MTV.Cute, show.  I hope they don't mess it up in the new season!Do you have Amazon Prime?  Stop reading this and watch Awkward!
Due to the poor quality of programming these days, we decided to get rid of cable. One of the few drawbacks is not being able to watch Bob's Burgers. With Amazon instant video, we're able to still enjoy the escapades of our favorite Burger joint owner and family. Sometimes we think our family is going to end up just like Bob's!
The only season of Glee worth watching is the first. Good start to a show. The show was really good. Watch the the other seasons and you will see how bad this show sucks now. This isa very funny show. If you like Glee get this.
This is an exceptional program since the footage makes the history much clearer and all I learned from school needs add-ons.  This is the program that pretty much fills in the big blanks
A good season...contestants I loved and some I hated. Drama between teams as always.  Interesting locations, a good variety of road blocks. Fun season to watch.
Dad, daughter and son all love this. I like the episodes without a villain best. I think nature is enough, but i do appreciate the undertone of conservation.most of all i like the shorts at the end. so jammed packed with knowlege!
Over the past decade, Director Dario Argento has been pounced on by many critics and fans by stating he's lost his intensity and his visions of Horror.  Actually, the man needs to prove nothing because he already brought many innovations to the Horror genre since his first work.  I probably was one of the few who loved his 'MOTHER OF TEARS'-2008 and his last work 'GIALLO' -2010 which was a homage to the genre which he was responsible for.  Now we have his take on the Bram Stoker character of Count Dracula which emerges as another Argento homage to the incarnations which have passed before in the cinema.  Since I have been a Horror fan all my life, I swore that everytime I saw a new version of 'DRACULA'  I would approach it as a new version and cast aside the others as much as I could.  What emerges in the 'ARGENTO DRACULA 3D' is a true work of gothic romanticism and beauty.  Argento went back to his classic 'SUSPIRIA'-1977 utilizing the true Technicolor process and brought on board that films cinematographer Luciano Tovoli to create some breathtaking images reminiscent of his mentor, Director Mario Bava to the point of using the actual castle (il castello di Montalto Dora)  seen in many sixties Italian Horror films.  The cast is wonderful:  Thomas Kretshmann who ironically is playing Van Helsing in NBC's new television version of 'DRACULA'  brings both tragedy and bestiality to the role;  Marta Gastini brings a nice take on the Mina character; the great Rutger Hauer gives a heroic determination to his Van Helsing making his character the director of the asylum at Carfax, Unox Ugabede's Harker resembles the character from Director F.W.Murnau's silent classic 'NOSFERATU'-1922 and Argento's daughter Asia portrays a very fetching Lucy.  Argento also uses past collaborators such as Claudio Simonetti (started in 1975 with his band Goblin on 'DEEP RED' aka 'PROFONDO ROSSO)  for his music score and Sergio Stivaletti for the special effects.  Extras include a mammoth behind the scenes featurette , trailers to the film and a rock video called 'KISS ME DRACULA'.  I viewed the 2D transfer and it was gorgeous in 1080p 2.35 wide screen with the colors literally jumping out at the right moments.  Ignore the critics and view one of the best versions of the Dracula legend committed to celluloid bringing  gothic romance and menacing vampires back to the genre after the desanguination of the myth from the 'TWILIGHT ', 'VAMPIRE DIARIES' safe blood suckers invading the screens these days.  Dario Argento is and always will be a true Master of Horror.
I am a big fan of the Connelly books, and I have always liked Harry Bosch. This pilot is as good an adaptation of the Bosch series/character as I could imagine. It was true to the books, to events as portrayed and to Bosch's feelings and attitude. Well done, Amazon! This pilot just begs for a series to be developed, so that the story line can be resolved, and so the Harry Bosch stories can continue for all of us who like them so much. So, give it the green light Amazon, 'cause I think you have a hit on your hands, and I'd sure watch it.
Love the dark comedy. Love the music. Love the awkward scenarios and storyline. I am definitely onboard to watch more.
Great law series, I watched the first 3 series back to back. I just cannot get enough of this show. Each episode is more exciting than the other.
I am a documentary junkie so its hard for me not to give this show a good review. Good Work!
I was recommended this movie by a friend.  I saw it in theatrical version but I understand that there is also a "direcor's cut" version that is almost three hours long.  Theatrical version was dubbed in English.  I personally prefer subtitles, but for audiences who do not like to read subtitles, this version will be great.Story is set during Chinese Han Dynasty.  One of the top advisors to the emperor is staging a war accusing local leaders of betraying the emperor when in fact, this advisor's desire is to overthrow the emperor and take over leadership of China.  There is also a subplot tot he story.  He is enamored with a beautiful woman, married to another nobleman and the intent is to win the war and claim her as his.What is amazing about the film is the production of the battles.  They are combination of war strategy, martial arts and "Art of War" philosophy.  Cast is delivering story that is compelling to watch and mesmerizing in its story plot and wonderful scenery of nature, not to mention costumes that are both elegant and visually pleasing.I absolutely loved this movie and I will strongly recommend it.  It is a combination of chinese history, love story and great action (both military and martial arts).  It is a must see movie.
This was always my favorite CSI show. I will miss future seasons of this franchise. David had some heart for his character.
I love this series and my whole family and I enjoy viewing it together! It is really good and I highly recommend it!
We love Sesame Street. I grew up on it and now my daughter will too. It's entertaining and educational. My daughter just turned two and already knows her letters, colors, and most of her numbers.
Bones are the best series and if you like crime and love storys then this is the best series for you
I am so hooked on this series. I have told more people about it because it is interesting, educational, entertaining, well written, well acted and awesome.
6 held my interest, 6 had me wishing the movie wasn't already 1/2 way over, 6 made me scream out loud (always a good sign in my book) and 6 was a unique story (hasn't been done to death).COMPARISON INFO:  If you're looking for a slasher/blood & guts movie (which is great too!) you may want to bypass this film and find one more to your desire.  If you're looking for a thought-provoking, try to figure-it-out film that has you guessing until the end - you'll enjoy 6 - it delivers.  The story comes together well and it's a new story.The actors did a convincing job - nice to see big name actors in horror films.  I think this film was well worth the price and I would gladly rent it again without hesitation.
Timothy Olyphant keeps outdoing himself as each season progresses - such a cool customer! Walton Goggins is fascinating as Boyd Crowder - the scenes from earlier seasons when he played a preacher were excellent. My only complaint with the series is the keep killing off the really good bad guys!
I had never seen Doctor Who before this year. I was browsing instant videos and thought I would see why this show has been so popular for so many years. I have now watched seasons 1 through 4 (of the new series) and have started season 5. I love this show.Travelling through time with the Doctor and his companion is a real treat. It seems like there is something for every one - adventure, aliens (some scary, some not), love stories, intriguing story lines and a great cast of actors. Enjoy!
I grew up in England during the 'reign' of the Krays.  Although I was too little to understand most of the details, I think the writing and performances captured well the fear that they spread in the East End.  I highly recommend this series and Season 1 as well.  Haven't yet watched Season 3, but hope they keep them coming!!
This is a very good television show, it has good acting, writing, and guest stars.  I watch this on FX and am hoping to buy Season 2 as soon as the price drops on it. There really isn't much more I can add to the review.
This is a great show - - - good writing - - -interesting charactors - - - great special effects
This show is so cute and nice!  Wow!  Now gore, a little sex at the right time.  Good and bad, with characters that really do a good job across from each other!  Recommend for the anyone over 10.
One of the more compelling new dramas.  I really look forward to watching this show during the week and enjoy the period drama.  The acting is superb.
I love all these seasons and episodes and would love to live In.the swamp that's why I give it five stars
Who is in charge of the zoo ? Watch to find out. 1 of the few show available for free with Amazon 90.00 a year Prime membership.Be prepared to pay a hugh price for season three available for free with other pay services.
Shonda Rhimes writes like nobody else can or ever has on a tv show you never know where the next episode is going because it always goes where you didn't expect.
My children and grand children enjoy this show.  It is clever has ingenuity and above all makes us laugh.  We wish there were more of them!
I can not afford to buy TV, and I am so glad that this show is provided on Prime. Just one more reason to keep up membership.Now if you could just throw in John Stewart, too!  lol
Mads Mickleson is incredible and really captures the famous character. Supporting cast has fantastic chemistry. The show is one of the few currently on tv that really capture psycological terror.
I think this show didn't receive the respect it deserves because it was a SyFy series.  It is very entertaining, and I highly recommend it!
the humor keeps me laughing and gives a feel of deadwood us marshal style. Olyphant and Gogginsplay well off each other.
If you enjoy military action movies, this is where you want to be. I purchased 4 seasons so I could watch them when and where I want. Check out one series and you will come back for more.
Interesting to see reasons for moving, as well as where to reasons.  The processes of looking, finding then getting a home not always simple.  But the efforts and reasoning are amazing. Love to see the different places and living prices.
This is where we are folks. The drug war is major waste and a slow moving holocaust targeting the poor and disenfranchised. The Obama administration needs to see this. Hell everyone needs to see this.
My wife and I got hooked on Fringe years ago and loved it until the end.  The plot got a little bit wacky in the final season (but, hey, it's &#34;Fringe&#34; what do you expect?). We enjoyed all the characters and the plot.  If you liked X-Files or generally enjoy SciFi, you'll greatly enjoy this series.
I love the end- the way leland smiled at his beaufiful little girl and she smiled back . that is priceless.  And it was one of the better shows :)
Olivia is a sweet story about a very ambitious girl and her family. I love the fact she is not lazy and is not afraid to daydream then commit to action. This is great for girls or boys.
Good fun connecting dots of history to possible extra terrestrial influences.  Keep an open mind, and have an atlas or google handy to check their accounts of history.
Really looking forward to more.  It was very funny and I have watched it several times already.  It is one I'll watch again.
Gritty, funny, even pushes at the idea of faith...the acting will knock your socks off. It's a shame this show only ran for three seasons- clearly too controversail for suburbia.
This program is fun to watch.  I like the fact that Michael Chiklis plays the bad guy but really isn't that bad.....love his character.
i missed this on its original tv run. I took a chance on amazon and binge watched both seasons. a terrific show, terrific cast. especially season 1. the cast is terrific, really a sci fi (sort of) classic, highly recommended.
I'm over 50 but still love this show! I stumbled upon it by chance, watched one episode and was hooked. The characters have some depth for a change and the show is smart and funny. I love the Jenna character, pretty, smart, funny, at times unsure and other times spot on. Cute surroundings cast and characters. Alit of fun, but also deals with teen issues in a thoughtful realistic way, not always sugar coated. I can't wait for the next season.
This movie packs so much fun, laughter and head scratching in its 99 minutes one wonders how they managed to squeeze it in all together.  For those who find the Bruce Campbell movies (Army of Darkness, etc.,) dumb, this would be a total waste of time.  For those with a twisted sense of humor, this movie doesn't sell you short.In a nutshell, &#34;Soy Sauce&#34; a dark, gooey liquid ingredient from who knows where, allows the recipient to see into the future, understand the understandable and some other neat tricks.  Chase Williamson plays Dave and Rob Mayes plays the title character, John.  Backed by Clancy Brown (Carnivale) as Dr. Albert Marconi, a character much like his Brother Justin and Paul Giamatti as news reporter Arnie Blondestone (John Adams), the boys battle demons, parallel universes and their own minds.A laugh at the end of the movie is when Arnie finds out he's not who he thinks he is.
Takes police procedurals, urban criminalily and dramatic detective work to new heights in a believable, heart-pounding and fast moving series. Gives viewers a good mix of humor, gangsterism, revenge and human nature that is rarely equalled by most TV shows of this type. I understand that this series was cancelled prematurely and that certainly seems to be the case.  My only quibbles would be the jerky hand held camera and the dimly lit/hard to see night time and indoor scenes.
This little sleeper Once Upon a Time was such a surprise to me. I watched the pilot because I liked the actors. I fell in love with the series because they work so well together.Keep up the good work...
A very creative series with a good group of actors. It rests on the premise that there are LOTS of &#34;artifacts&#34; out there that need to be found, recovered and stored to help protect us all. How it's done has a lot of humor that you'll enjoy.
I am so tired of shows with dead bodies, vicious behavior, sex and violence. This is such a wonderful show, such a breath of fresh air. My high school daughter even chooses to watch this over the current network offerings. Real life issues handled in a real life way! Loving and supportive friendships! Gives you hope and warm fuzzy feelings. Isn't this the way television should be?
Stories on multiple levels, good characters and good timing. Peel an onion, Russian dolls, take your pick for how each episode advances multiple story lines. The cars add some metallic spice.
I love to watch these guys and learn so much.  They also give you a more real price of things than other shows.  Can't wait until more are available on Prime.
great show---lots of storyline intermingled.
I don't watch it personally but I hear the theme song every time my daughter has the kindle. That means a lot because she's very picky on her shows. I Love the songs. Once in a while I would glance in it and see cute characters. Its good for little kids. Cleaner than sponge Bob. I would totally recommend it to those that have little ones.
I am fascinated by spies, grifters, and the otherworld outside my normal life. The relationships of these characters, their motivations, and the things they are willing to do for each other gives me a different view of the world. I love a good fantasy based in the so-called real world.
my favorite show, adam ders and blake (and to mention EVERYONE at telemaricorp, and of course Karl) are the funniest. i can constantly quote them and its just the funniest show honestly i have seen in so long. if you get offended easily with drinking, smoking, language, then please dont watch it and then make a bad comment. THIS SHOW IS THE GREATEST
This show is great.  Plenty of twists and turns to keep you interested, creepy enough to make you look over your shoulder but not enough to keep you up at night.  I love all the doctors!
I love this show. I like all the people featured and the view it gives of rural and small town life. It shows the small towns in a way we don't usually see. The two guys are fascinating and I love their relationship. I really like the young woman who helps them out in their Iowa store.
I randomly came across this movie. I watched it because I had nothing else better to do and was bored out of my mind... until I started watching the movie that is. I was surprised, but it hooked me straight away. It is well made, not too long, and I really enjoyed this 1.5 hour or so. If you don't like mocumentaries based on fake live footage, and/or if environmental issues annoy you, you might not like this movie though.
The first season characters are back with a few additions. The back stores of each character continue to come out with some surprises. As before the stories are tight and it is a challenge to watch a single episode and not continue immediately to the next.
The show has very convincing actors , and does a good job getting the  80s time frame right. However. What I like the most is the story. It is tense drama and action. I hope they can keep this level of quality up for many more seasons.
One no more begins feeling sympathy for one of these characters and then you want them wasted. An interesting and nicely non-American approach where characters are a mix of qualities rather than simplistic cartoon. Ciaran Hinds is always interesting and the young detective working with him is equally engaging.
continues the Samcro saga into wonderful tragedy and violence all seemingly to keep the family safe and sound from harms way...
It is interesting to watch Jane become more interested in having a child since she thinks she is pregnant. The first episode was also sad with the memorial for Frost. A great actor and character was lost to the show and all who follow the two BFFs.
Just now catching up on this series. High end production values and very good story telling. As with all good sic-fi, it is about the human condition as much as it is about &#34;aliens.&#34;
I love this show - so quirky and funny. The whole cast does an amazing job, I can re watch this show over and over and still laugh every time!
Daughter loves the cartoon, and esp. the games.................there is one game which you can add stickers or somethign everytime you tap the screen, and she loves it (but I have turn the sound down cuz it gets on my nerves)  Looks fabulous on the mini iPad.
the job they do is unbelievable! soooo exciting. if you haven't seen it your in for a treat. watch it youll love it!
Character development at its best. At first  I was reluctant, not wanting even to watch episode one, season one, of this series. In spite of my reluctance, the name of the series kept on popping up in random conversations with my friends, and Netflix continued to suggest it based on my interests. I finally gave it a shot and was extremely satisfied with not only the quality of the acting, of the film (filmed in 35 mm film), but also on the strength of the story itself.Walter White, the protagonist of the series, is a high school, genius chemistry teacher who is diagnosed with Stage IIIA lung cancer. After being told that the cancer was inoperable, and sneaking a peek into his bank account, he realizes his financial situation isn't healthy at all, worse off when he is offered medical treatment costing hundreds of thousands of dollars. S*** truly hit the fan for Mr. White. With less than a year to solve his financial crisis and having to pay a bucket load of cash for his treatment, Walter White recurs to a less reputable business to ensure his family's financial situation before he lays down on his deathbed. His brother-in-law, a DEA agent, spoils hims by saying a meth-cook may make up to seven hundred grand in less than a couple of batches of methamphetamine. Being a chemistry genius, he has no problem in conjuring the most perfect, purest recipe for cooking meth. He wouldn't imagine hell would break loose while dealing with the maniacs in this dark business. He thought he would be staying within the confinement of his RV meth-lab and living his normal parallel life.At the beginning the purpose of the series was for Walter to justify the "righteous" act of providing for his family's future when it meant going to the dark-side of money-making by not selling, but actually making the drugs: cooking meth (a.k.a crystal meth, ice, clouds, crystal, glass, tik, catch my drift?). It felt wrong but somehow, the fact that he was desperately struggling to keep his family from falling into the brink made the illicit act seem righteous.Molecular visuals of METH.Did you know that meth has a medical use? It's used for ADHD, narcolepsy, and treatment-resistant depression.After many attempts to sell what was renown as the purest meth out there, "the blue stuff", Walter and Jesse (his partner, a former high school student who is known to be a mediocre meth-cook) found trench after trench, failing at their attempts to make money by selling their product, which albeit highly addictive, always seemed to fall into the wrong hands. Fail after epic-fail, they found themselves delving into the dark-world of selling drugs, not at all expecting it to be such a treacherous path. They then recur to an alternate source of selling their genius-formula by contacting a fearless and very well respected business man and drug lord, a strategy they would eventually regret.For me the series has been very enjoyable, with more than just a great story-line and more than just action-and-adventure psychological excitement. Character development was the biggest takeaway for me from this series: How a man in search of a path, once thought righteous and bittersweet, found that he, in the contrary of rejecting the darkest parts of himself as he deepened into the dark-side, embraced them--the bitter portions of darkness gone after a prolonged dose of positive reinforcement upon earning heaps of cash by selling batch after batch of meth. How the character devolves was supremely achieved by the actor, Brian Cranston, winning him the Prime Time Emmy Award for three consecutive years in 2008, 2009, and 2010.In parallel with Walter's charter development, I also admire Jesse Pinkman's (Aaron Paul) devolution into a darker creature, more menacing, less tolerant and much less merciful. If he started out as a meth-head, he slowly turned into an character of many layers, of half-patched hidden depths. After having suffered beatings, the death of his true-love, and warming up to the idea of shooting people in the face, Pinkman becomes a man to fear, a man who has seen too much and is willing to die even if it means to defend what little is left of the world he loves.At the beginning of each episode, I was a little bothered by knowing I would have to watch so many more episodes that were fifty minutes long each, but hell, the production and quality of each one is so good that once you start watching it, you're lured into its mind-gripping world; you can't just shake it off. You'll end up watching the whole series in a matter of weeks.Season 5 is said to bring us a total of 16 episodes, divided in two parts. The first part was debuted last year, and the second part will be premiered in August 2013. It will surely be a blast as Mr. White's, Jesse's, Skyler's and Hank's future is wagered by the odds.DISCUSSION:I've asked myself many times these two questions in the midst of each episode:Could a series like this one actually increase the production of the drug "meth" by amateurs in their own "RV super lab"? Or could it, in the contrary, decrease the amateur production and consumption of the drug after seeing what effects it has on peoples' lives and the appalling consequences it could have to their families?
This made me cry.  Journey not playing is a reason to cry.  Steve Perry loosing his voice is a reason to cry.  Seeing a poor Filipino boy blassed with a great voice good enough to play with Journey and keep the torch burning is a reason to cry tears of joy.  I just got a Journey t shirt from the band site and I can't believe the shirt has a Filipino dude on the front of it.  This film is like a "Make a Wish" foundation video on crack that end with me buying tickets to see them in NJ.  I am so happy right now.  I am frothing at the mouth to see this show in NJ.  Thank you sooo much Journey!!!  Thank you Arnel! Tears of Joy! Tears of Joy!I know there are people out there who are less than pleased about Arnel singing in place of Steve Perry. For those people I would have to ask a few things like maybe instead of complaining, find a cure for melanoma.  Steve would like that.  Also how long do you think "Journey" looked before they actually found someone who can sing as well as Steve.  How many people on this planet have a voice like that? Lastly, what idiot thinks they know "Journey" better than "Journey"?  The arrogance of some fans!  Why not pell George Forman how to box next or Brian Henson who to hire to operate puppets? I am so happy to have another CD, to go to a concert.  We are all very very lucky.
As the relationship builds between the two main stars this show its getting really good.  I like the characters, it's exciting, suspenceful and has a little romantic tension hanging in the air.  She's a tough fighter for her size, she gets into lots of trouble of course, and he has to come to the rescue.
Michael Connelly is one of my all time favorite mystery writers. I've enjoyed his books for years, and saw one of his stories brought to film.It is TheLincoln Lawyer and stars Matthew McConnaughey. Great combination; good writing and great acting.I really enjoyed this pilot of Bosch, the LA detective, especially with Titus Welliver in the lead role of Bosch.  His facial expression is just right for this character.I cannot describe Harry Bosch, because he is a complicated, and extremely interesting character.  One has to experience him in context of the stories that Mr. Connelly wrote.  Happily, Harry Bosch is the central character in several of Mr.Connelly's stories, and his story comes to full light during many of the stories.I do hope that this pilot will bring about a really interesting television series.  Congratulations to Amazon.com  for this effort to being these great stories to the tv screen. I hope Amazon.com plans to use many of the Connelly stories in this series.  I eagerly wait for it to be available.
Going in I wasnt sure about this show, but after watching it, I love it. So amazing, I love the story and all the travel
I've been a fan of both the Being Human series since the first seasons...both the British & Canadian versions. Both follow the same plot lines but each have their own character twists. Season 4 of the British series has some of the most fun new characters, delightful scripts & twists of all the previous seasons. Some characters leave and new ones are introduced but I'm looking forward for season 5 & just hope there WILL be a season 5.
The final Season of Fringe is a true journey of emotion, passion, and pure fighting spirit as the Original Fringe Team begins their Final Battle against the Observers.Sacrifice comes hard to the Bishops and Olivia, in more ways than one.In the end, it is love for a child that brings the series to an end in an Explosive, and Heart-wrenching finale, that truly let Fringe finish on it's own terms.The series, while a true Sci-fi show, is more of a story about family, and love.
I LOVE THIS SEASON; AM WATCHING OFTEN; I MAY MEMORIZE WHAT I AM LEARNING... GREAT PRESENTATION; THANK YOU VERY MUCH
I give this series five stars in all categories. The program is well written with good story lines. The acting is great and the continuity of characters is well done.
our daughter found out about it from a friend and watched every show before school this year...a fun idea, not as disneylike.
I like this show.
I just saw the last episode of this series just a few minutes ago. I am hoping the DVD is coming out soon. It is too good for TV. This series in a way is like the mini series of old. I watched all the previous episodes on demand today.It was amazing rideAndre Braugher is amazing  as Marcus Chaplin, the captain of the nuclear submarine Colorado. He and his second in command Sam Kendal (Scott Speedman)  are told to do a nuclear strike from an unsecured line. When asking for repeat conformation, his sub is fired on by another US submarine. It has overtones of Fail Safe with all the political intrigue. The tensions is high & powerful. It does not let up until the final episode...and still there is air of mystery at the end. You wonder who is a friend and who is a traitor, both in the crew of the Colorado and in Washington DC.The supporting cast including Daisy Betts, Robert Patrick, Jessy Schram and Sahr Ngaujah who adds to this piece so well. It is not a star vehicle for any actor. It is a character study drawn over 13 episodes. There are no weak performancesIn a way, I am glad this show lasted only 13 episodes, it was complete. Loose ends were tightly tighten and it works. I do not think this show should have gone further than this 13 episode arc...it began and ended!  It is filling and leaves you wanting more..isnt that would a good series is all about.I will say this, this show is better thanMissing: The Complete First Seasonever wasBennet PomerantzAUDIOWORLD
How ironic that &#34;Suits&#34; are their super-hero outfits!  I love these guys & girls!  It's a fun, entertaining, highly enjoyable show that makes you think.  Love it...Love it!  Can't wait for Season 4 to come out!
I think I just watched all of the episodes in 1 week.  Unique characters and very funny story line.  great show!!!
I am absolutely in love/obsessed with Covert Affairs. I feel that the extremely positive reviews speak for themselves, but I too agree with the positives about this series: excellent character development, fast paced action, exciting locales, well developed, engaging and suspenseful plot line, and most of all this is all done without excessive use of language or violence.
My 5 and 2 year old LOVE Kai-lan!  She is very sweet and her friends and deal with real life little kid issues like learning to share, how to not have a bad attitude, how to deal with anger, and be kind to your friends.  Great real lessons, and very cute too!
Great story it's is sort of twisted from the normal Alien show and has a story that is aimed for that... Even non geek/tech scifi fans can get into it because of that. It s based in a post apocalyptic war earth where we lost the war. and focuses mainly on the rebel aspect of tryinng to take the earth back a fun show worth the watch.
There is no reason NOT to watch I Love Lucy.  You have a comedic genius in Lucille Ball, with a great supporting cast and wonderful writing.  It is funny, touching and stands the test of time.
How often can you say that?  I'm usually happy with anything that's not Reality TV.  But this show leaves you craving more.  Even though the Second Season wraps up some of the answers of Charlie Crew's conspiracy theory, there are still a lot left.  I'm hoping NBC lets USA pick up a new person for their 'Characters Welcome' add.  I can't imagine not seeing this show for a few more seasons.  I would love to see Charlie and his first partner, Bobby, work together on some more cases.  And now that Shahi has had her baby, she can get back to work as Charlie's best partner, Dani.  Regardless, Season Two is great to watch over and over.  If you haven't got Season One yet, make it a dual purchase.  It's worth the money.
Started watching Walking Dead because I follow Chris Hardwick's Nerdist podcasts and pretty much enjoy most everything he gets nerdy over so I thought I had to at least give it a chance since he was such a huge fan w/his Talking Dead show. I watched Season 1 & 2 on Netflix in just two days and was so hooked I started paying for each episode on Season 3 via Amazon Prime... it was REALLY hard to wait for new episodes once I caught up with the season about mid-way through. I do not consider myself a big horror fan but this show is different (like everyone else says), the pace is basically perfect, and what I really like is all the twists and turns the characters take, and that no character is ever truly safe in this war zone like, zombie apocalypse world... no random red shirt appearances on this show for sure and every character whether you love 'em or hate 'em, well you never know how long they have!I do wish Amazon carried The Talking Dead after show as well. We haven't had cable for a year now and between Netflix, Hulu+ and Amazon Prime streaming/purchasing I am all set and only pay for the shows that really matter to me, like this one! Can NOT wait until Season 4! Seriously, you are missing an historic TV phenomenon if you aren't watching the Walking Dead!
I love this show it's amazing! And I love watching him fish and also talk to people to figure out the story! It's like an adventure in your own home!
At first my son did not want to watch it but once it started playing and showing kids all the fun games they could do outside without toys he got into it. Now he wants to go outside and play here we go looped de loop. Also it does a very good job at showing kids about Africa's culture.
I have never been a werewolf or vampire person, but I am so glad my daughter told me about this show, I am hooked!
We love this show.  It is a little predictive, but great none the less.  We would recommend it to anyone.
South Park is my favorite show and I watch the season DVDs over and over.  Just when it seems SP has reached its peak, it keeps coming up with creative shows that cover the latest fads in our popular culture and sociopolitical consciousness.  Although "Make Love Not Warfare" from season 10 is still my favorite episode, season 11 provides another solid crop of classics, from the openings of "With Apologies to Jesse Jackson" and "D-Yikes" to the conclusions of "Imaginationland, Episode III" and "The Night of the Living Homeless."Disc 1:"With Apologies to Jesse Jackson"--Who can ever forget Randy Marsh's faux pas on "Wheel of Fortune," the way he apologized to Jesse "the emperor of black people" Jackson, and his fight to ban a hateful slur from society with the help of Michael Richards and Mark Fuhrman?  Meanwhile, a midget author who speaks at the school provides amusement for Cartman and an epiphany for Stan.  Instant classic."Cartman Sucks"--There are several peculiar incidences in this season that put into question Cartman's sexuality.  This episode is one of them.  Cartman takes a picture with a certain body part of a sleeping Butters in his mouth.  When Cartman learns what such a photo means, he tries to take another photo with Butters to reverse it, but Butters's dad walks in on them and sends his son to bi-curious camp.  Of course, SP fans know Butters's dad has some bi-curious issues of his own.  Meanwhile, Cartman must make sure the offensive photos does not get out."Lice Capades"--It is revealed that someone in Mrs. Garrison's class has head lice and the students turn vicious with suspicion.  Of course, SP can't just scratch the surface; if you will, it needs to dig deeper by covering a louse community destroyed by the shampoo treatment.  A lot of movie references in this one."The Snuke"--A new student arrives in class who is a Muslim and immediately sparks Cartman's suspicions.  Turns out there is a terrorist attack planned, but not by Muslims--and it involves Hillary Clinton's unmentionable.  Clinton's voice makes her sound like a down home southern gal, not a Senator from New York.  I like how so much information can be found on the Internet and the blinking 12:00 on the "24" clock after the power goes out."Fantastic Easter Special"--Stan questions what easter eggs and bunnies have to do with Christ's resurrection and learns about the secret "Hare Club For Men" (where do they come up with this stuff?) A Da Vinci Code style mystery is unveiled and Matt and Trey get back at the head of the American Catholic League who had been critical of SP and said some anti-Semitic things in the past.  Hmmmm, the papal mitre does look like it belongs on a rabbit.  "Hippitus, hoppitus," indeed.Disc 2:"D-Yikes"--I love the opening to this one!  I remember when it was first aired I struggled to stop laughing after Mrs. Garrison storms into the classroom complaining about men.  This episode is one of the funniest SPs ever.  I like when Garrison announces she's gay and Stan replies, "Again?"  And the name of the lesbian bar is great!  I've never seen the movie "300," but it's a takeoff on that."The Night Of The Living Homeless"--SP is suddenly overrun with homeless people begging for change.  When the boys learn to mystery behind the onslaught of beggars, can they, with the help of some old school NWA & The Posse 8-Ball "City of Compton" style rap, save the day?Le Petit Tourette"--Cartman sees a kid cussing uncontrollably in a toy store and learns that the kid has Tourette's Syndrome (is this a subject right up SP's alley, or what?!).  Cartman is given an idea that makes him so happy he breaks out in song.  Of course, his plan backfires when he starts blurting out things that, to him, are more damaging and offensive than "%#@& #$!!*() #%!($#@@&/.""More Crap"--Randy Marsh passes a world record size BM.  when his record is broken, his life's quest is to get it back--but Bono is bound (if you will) to stop him.  I actually agree with the point they make about Bono, but this episode has a very nasty part--and I'm not talking about the BMs.Disc 3:"Imaginationland"--OK, the bet Cartman made with Kyle is hilarious.  I laughed to tears when I first saw it on TV, but what does it say about Cartman's sexuality?  Is that a prize a straight guy would want?  I mean, another guy performing the task?  What's up with that?  Anyway, the boys go on a trip to a land of imaginary characters--including my favorite, Pac-Man, though I don't like that he's sometimes given teeth--and it's hit with a terrorist attack.  Yes, terrorists have now attacked our imaginations.  Meanwhile, Cartman takes Kyle to court and Stan and Kyle are taken to the Pentagon for questioning."Imaginationland, Episode II"--That opening dream sequence is from Monty Python.  The terrorists break down a wall and unleash the evil characters of our imagination and now imaginations are really running wild, especially when Cartman's demented Christmas woodland critters show up.  Stan and Kyle help the feds break through the portal to Imaginationland but, just before the troops charge in, Kyle may finally have to pay his debt to Cartman."Imaginationland, Episode III"--With the help of Butters, the good imaginary characters set out to battle the evil ones.  Kyle has to stop the Pentagon from destroying Imaginationland before the good characters have a chance to win.  Al Gore, however, might doom everyone when he sees the evil character from his imagination.  Oh, and the Cartman/Kyle bet finally gets settled...sort of."Guitar Queer-o"--Great!  In typical SP fashion, the importance of Guitar Hero is built up all out of proportion.  This episode shows how Matt and Trey keep up with the fads of pop culture.  I also like this episode because I'm a Kansas fan."The List"--There's a list the girls created ranking the boys in their class from cutest to ugliest and Kyle is ranked last.  That can't be right!  Kyle is adorable!  Something must be wrong!
I had not heard that much about the intermix of politics and conviction that led to the rise and demise of prohibition.  I appreciate the film's attempt to provide an overview of these issues.
I ordered the cd because I love the music - have enjoyed watching this immensely - would recommend it to anyone who likes good music, dancing and a good story
'Major Crimes' is a total 180 degrees from 'The Closer', which it replaces.  I enjoyed the former, even though it frequently seemed too personality driven and not as embedded in reality as I like ('Southland' is a fave of mine).  This change has excellent story liines, and the  cast is being developed as an ensemble of many stars; each 'character' actor has his/her own backstory and increasingly also has a more active role in the drama.  Adding Rusty to Ms. McConnell's life works as a humanizing element--her relationship to her husband and his own personality frailty flesh her out even more.  This season, the drama/stories take the forefront, with multiple 'leads' moving the story line along...love it!
Purchased season 2 & 3 because I loved the first season so much.  Was able to catch season 4 on TV sure hope there is going to be a season 5.
I love watching this show every week and so good. It make me wish it was longer then 1 hour. Lol. If you haven't watch it you need too. Its created by Stephen King himself.
Love this show. It's presents a complex and interesting world. Sci Fi at its best!
This show has evolved from a good show to a great one the last two seasons.  I can't wait to see how they are going to end this one.
I enjoy watching this program about a woman, Olivia Pope, after successfully helping get her choice in candidates win the Presidency (and engages in an extra martial affair with him) leaves the White House and strikes out on her as a &#34;fixer&#34;. Pope's affair isn't an new idea but her decision to become a &#34;fixer&#34; of the problems of her elite clients is a different career choice for the &#34;other&#34; woman.  It is fun to watch Pope solve the unsolvable but it is unbelievable. It would be nice if the justice was always served and the good guys wins in the end, but it is TV not the real world.
Funny, silly educational? 7 year old granddaughter really enjoys the humorous antics of these characters . . . 5 year grandson prefers 'Team Umizoomi!'Fun concept for a zoo in Madagascar with so many different characters. Grandchildren are certainly an education within themselves!
What would you do during a disaster scenario where information is scarce and everything is headed into a downward spiral? Most likely, try to keep your head above water. That is the premise of Jericho, a smaller city outside of a location that experienced a major nuclear attack. It follows a town as they deal with the likely problems we as a society would face when things turn extremely rough. Sadly, it only lasted for two seasons, meaning at some point the story line will simply drop off, never to be continued. :(
This is basically a soap opera set in the Nashville country and political music scene.  The main story involves Connie Britton (best known for her role in Spin City) stars as an aging country music star who is trying to keep her career going, and Hayden Panettiere (best known from Heroes) is the young diva...kind of the country version of Britney Spears when she hit the pop scene years ago, who is immensely popular but thought of as a joke by the &#34;real&#34; musicians.  They are both trying to reinvent themselves to appeal to a wider audience.There are also several ancillary stories involving affairs, love triangles, illegitimate children, screwed up family members, drugs etc.  Basically everything you would expect from a show of this type.  It is not so complex that it is hard to keep it all straight, and the show does a very good job of developing and occasionally interweaving the various story lines.  Some of it does certainly get a little silly, but none is so over the top that it is totally stupid.The good thing about the show is that you do not really need to be a country fan to enjoy it.  You may or may not like the music a little more if you are a fan of contemporary country, but I think the music they include have a wide enough appeal that even if you are not a huge fan you can sit through it without wanting to turn it off.  Which is essential given how much of a key role the music plays in the show.  Pretty much every show has a pretty long musical number (usually to end the episode) and lots of smaller numbers throughout the show.  Another good thing about the show is that the actors actually sing the songs, and do a good job doing so.The acting and the writing of the stories are very good.  I liked the stories involving the mayoral race, election and fallout (mainly because Powers Boothe plays such a great bad guy) and Juliette's mother's substance abuse more (at times) than the main music rivalry stories.  One comes to a conclusion (mostly) by the end of the season, and one is left pretty much open ended.  There are couple cliffhangers going into the second season that will work prominently into the story.For those who get the DVDs, there is a lot of bonus material included.  A few short making of and behind the scenes features, some deleted scenes and a couple song specific features on how a couple of the more prominent songs were worked into the show.  All in all, enough to make those who like going through that material happy.Whether you like a show like this or not will be pretty subjective.  It is much in the genre of shows that are part drama, part soap opera.  So if you do not tend to like those kinds of shows anyway then you will not like this.  If you do tend to like those kinds of shows, then this is definitely worth giving a chance.
I am not a &#34;Prepper&#34; or a survivalist. With that said I could see humanity falling to the level of infighting you witness in this show. I don't think we face extinction from Aliens but more likely from each other.
Very entertaining, magical, adventurous.  I don't know if modern kids can relate--its like three friends from the '60s, before electronics and over-protective parents took over, re-materialized in the 2010s.  I mean walkie-talkies, why didn't they just use their smart phones? Hottest day of the year, why aren't they sitting in air-conditioned comfort in front of the play station or on their personal player.  A girl with a stuffed books shelf in her room?  Mom's let them walk to the store all alone? Come on.  Oh, well, modern kids can watch this in their air-conditioned rooms without even having to have a friend, and its all good.GREAT acting.  I'm not quite sure about Gortimer's mother yet, but absolutely loved the rest.  The kids are fantastic.
Season 2 of Gavin and Stacey another step of this great situation comedy.  Not since the best addictive television comedies like Seinfeld and Cheers before it, has there been such a show worthy of a dedicated following--and sadly America doesn't even know about it. I just happened upon Gavin and Stacey and after a couple shows, I watched all 3 seasons of it in 3 days. The best aspect of this show is that there are truly talented actors who wholly inhabit their characters.  The most annoying, off-putting, characteristic of any show for me, particularly a comedy, is when an actor is constantly aware of what he's doing--the audience is watching him act.  His/her, ego is on full display completely thrilled at this opportunity to strut his stuff in a show.  That doesn't happen in Gavin and Stacey.  Some of these characters are over the top, and you believe them, even love them for their idiosyncrasies.  Gavin and Stacey are two very nice people, who you might know.  They are genuine and sweet and innocently funny.  But the characters that surround them--their families and friends--are straight-up crazy, funny, flawed, sweet, loving, honest people--just like your aunts, uncles and friends.  Pam, Gavin's mom, so mom-ish--loving her prince of a son, sexy with her husband, sometimes trying to be who she isn't, giving and selfish, fussy and warm--is simply funny.  Smithy, Gavin's best friend, is somewhat rotund, cutting back on his eating with a 6-pack of chicken, corn on the cob and other sides, at the end of a night of partying; always greets Gavin with a shared hip-hop song and choreography--with Gav's mom and dad joining in when they're around--quite capably, I might add; rolling on the floor in a tussle with his younger sister--another hip-hop master; and, an all-round hysterically funny good guy!  Brin, Stacey's uncle, is embodied by Rob Brydon, from The Trip...OMG, I adore him... Brin lingers just a minute too long when he hugs Gav, and he is harboring some secret experience...that happened on a fishing trip with his nephew, Stacey's brother...it was very cold on that trip... And, last but certainly not least, Nessa, Stacey's best friend.  Nessa is a hearty (like Smithy) Welsh lady, who is completely blunt in her honest, slightly stilted, take on the world.  She can assist her bouncer friends at the local night club, and go head-to-head with Smithy on a KFC mega meal, where a butter-dripping ear of corn becomes an unexpected bit of foreplay.  The only thing that an American audience might take a bit of getting used to are the British and Welsh accents...but please, give it a minute...the Welsh accents become another great joke.  This only negative about this comedy is that there are not 5 more seasons to hang out with these people.  This is a great, funny and very warm ensemble show.
This is loosely based on the fantastic movie of the same name which was done by the Coen Brothers. This tv series is also their production. If you love their work, and I do, you will love this series. These are the same kinds of quirky people located in the tundra of Minnesota-N.Dakota whom we met in the movie version. It is snowing all the time seemingly but they have adapted. They all hunt, ice fish, know everyone in their environs and are as deadpan as can be. They all love guns. These people are not like anyone you or I know unless we also live in that section of the country.Fargo the movie had a put-upon everyman played by William M. Macey and Fargo the tv series has one as well, named Lester. Both characters take a turn towards the criminal when their families humiliate them one time too many. Lester becomes murderous yet at all times still remains a wimp insurance salesman. Everyone in town went to high school with him and knows him as a wimp.The sheer genius aspect of this series was adding Billy Bob Thornton to the cast. He is absolutely ideal as the stone cold killer drifting into town who takes Lester under his wing. There are also some less intelligent killers apart from Thornton who reprise the dolts from the movie version very well.There is a woman deputy sheriff as well but this time she is single and somewhat interested in her police counterpart from Duluth. He is a bit of a doofus, played by Colin Hanks, but with a sharp as a tack teenage daughter.I am definitely watching the rest of the series based on these early episodes I've been watching. The series should be a major hit in 2014 for the FX channel. I can tell it is a quality production every step of the way.Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
This is the only show I have seen in a long time that makes me laugh out loud.  It makes you laugh but also gives reverence to the family and nature.  Yes, there is an occasional reference made to an adult subject, but it's never in a vulgar way.  Some of the patriarc's views are old-fashioned but you have to see the humor in them.
In this spy series, unlike Homeland, we know from the get-go who is the enemy and who isn't (it's set in the 1980's, so here the enemy is the KGB), so rather than Homeland's overhanging question, we have the day-to-day, hour-to-hour suspense of the spies' operations. The two main characters, Philip and Elizabeth, are Russians posing as an American married couple with two kids. Thing is, that means they really are a couple and really have two kids. So even their family life is shot through with lies and deception, and that creates a somber, sad, awful quality in their atmosphere, a sense of deep immorality as a price being paid for a supposed moral good - service to the "beloved" mother country. It's love against love. I found the episodes grim, and almost unbearably tense. We get to know the FBI adversaries of this couple very well too, so there are these parallel operations (each haunted by a mole) trying to outfox each other. A constant priority for our Russian "illegals" is not to be exposed, and so the need to kill can arise at any moment, because when anything goes wrong, it's usually the only way to avoid word getting out. The story lines are well wrought, the acting is superb, the casting is great. If you don't mind the dark side of human affairs, you need to watch this. I still don't think any single character can match Claire Danes' Carrie Mathison, but the degree of wrenching inner and outer conflict in The Americans puts it in the number one position.
***Possible plot SPOILERS in the first paragraph***EUREKA, in its fifth and final season, still throws caution to the winds, still dares to redefine itself. The Season 4 finale closed with an edge-of-your-seat cliffhanger, as the deep space mission to Titan was sabotaged during launch and the Astraeus crew deployed to some unknown destination. Season 5 revolves mostly around the wayward Astraeus crew as, moments after the events in the Season 4 finale, they return to Earth to learn that four years had elapsed and things had changed alarmingly for the worse. And so cue the shuffling of status quo and the relationship shake-ups and the drastic shifts in personality.But the more things change, et cetera... Eureka remains the most dangerous hidden community on the planet, with its unending barrage of faulty scientific experiments. Sheriff Jack Carter (Colin Ferguson, consistently awesome), the genius town's dimmest resident, still races around Eureka, saving the day with his common man's heroics. Five seasons in, he remains our likable point-of-view character. Still, whenever the egghead discussion swivels to topics like smart dust and body printing, no one puts on a more amusing baffled expression than Colin Ferguson.So who will die? Who will tie the knot? Who lands the unexpected promotion? Who gets an impressively menacing  heel turn? And who is the mole? And what is Matrix Eureka? The Astraeus crew's return unveils a sinister conspiracy. As usual, things aren't what they seem. Gratifyingly, recurring guest star Felicia Day is featured heavily in these shady shenanigans. I love that this season exudes a whiff of THE INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS. EUREKA is most notably a lighthearted sci-fi show, rife with screwball moments, but it does often enough raise the stakes and adopt a darker tone. It's all the more telling when a sense of paranoia is injected. In Eureka, home to enthusiastic mad scientists, the most improbably terrifying things are very much achievable.EUREKA is hands down my favorite series on SyFy. It's too bad that, ultimately, its episodes proved to be too expensive to keep making. And I guess it's better to go out on a high note. Season 5 gives us plenty of strong episodes. The first three episodes - "Lost," "The Real Thing," "Force Quit" - had me chewing my nails. "Jack of All Trades" showcases Ferguson's knack for mimicry and physical comedy. In this one, Carter inadvertently swaps bodies with certain of the Astraeus crew (this is very awkward for those keeping deep, dark secrets). In maybe the series' most rewarding episode for fans of the Sheriff, "Smarter Carter" has Allison's highly critical genius brother dropping in for a visit just as Carter's I.Q. inexplicably expands (but at the cost of his humanity). It's so much fun to watch Carter spit out the multi-syllabic, hi-tech jargon. "Mirror, Mirror" and "Double Take" serve as the action-packed climax to the season-long Astraeus arc. In the farewell episode, "Just Another Day," the DoD shuts down the Eureka project even as the town is rocked by unstable wormholes. Or, as the residents call it: Tuesday.I had such a fun visit in this town. And here I thought the Pacific Northwest was dull. And I think I'll hold Erica Cerra to her parting words in the DVD's bonus segment: "We'll come back. A movie! I don't know!"EUREKA Season 5 comes with 3 discs and offers these bonus features:- Holiday Ep "Do You see What I See?"- Deleted/Extended Scenes for 6 episodes- Gag Reel (00:02:50 minutes)- Anatomy of an Episode: "Jack of All Trades" - a behind-the-scenes look at the body swapping episode (00:17:04 minutes)- "Ode to Carl the Jeep" - clips featuring Sheriff Carter's work vehicle getting beat up (00:02:40 minutes)- "This Song Is on the House" - Tally Deushane on the ukelele singing about SARAH and Deputy Andy's A.I. romance (00:04:11 minutes)- "A Fond Farewell" - the cast and crew say thanks and goodbye (00:03:29 minutes)- Audio Commentary on "Just Another Day..." with co-creator/exec. producer Jaime Paglia and exec. producers Bruce Miller and Todd Sharp (in which we learn the plot trajectory of what would've been Season 6)
Don't let the negative nancy reviews from this movie stop you from renting this movie, if you are looking for an amazing visual horror/thriller film with a very memorable soundtrack that ties the movie EXTREMELY well, then check out this movie! Also, if you saw Elijah Woods in "Sin City" and loved his character in that movie, then you can expect even more amazing performance by Woods in this Maniac movie as well.
My daughter is very particular about her kids even watching TV, but this is one of the shows that is ok for them to watch and they really enjoy it.
This show is full of great British humor with an excellent cast and exception writers. I return to this series often and the humor never subsides.  Don't turn it off while the credits are running because it isn't over.  There is one list bit you need to see at the very end.  I wish this show could have gone on for many more seasons.
Jackson Galaxy regularly confronts frustrated cat owners - problems with aggressive cats attacking owners and/or guests, cats peeing on walls and floors, cats chasing other cats or dogs, and owners worried about their cat attacking a newborn or young child. (Observation - the problem cats are never outdoor cats, or that I can remember, live in houses. Always apartments.) Jackson's solution invariably involves more exercise for the problem cat, usually adding/moving litter boxes, possibly adding scratching posts, closing off hiding locations that have been used to launch sudden attacks, proper holding of the cat (not like a baby, one its back), and an occasional trip to the vet to insure there are no underlying physical issues. Despite the predictability, the program is interesting and rewarding - Jackson always solves the case, at least that's what he claims.
I always thought that Celts were strictly an Irish/Welch group of people.  After all, Gaelic is only used in the Ireland area now.  But to my surprise Celts were in Europe too!  What an interesting series.  Glad I watched it.
It is worth watching over and over. It makes you laugh out loud and sometimes feel sorry for some of the people in the show... I loved it a lot!
the onion has been entertaining the &uuml;ber-cool with biting and usually hilarious politically-skewed humour for many years. i am too glad to have new ways to enjoy their wit, including their Google Plus profile! YEA!!! for them, and indeed, yea for all of us!
I didn't watch this on tv when it first came out. So I had the joy of gorging on a whole season at once.  This was my bedtime tv for weeks.  I like it.
I collect all of Project Run Way DVD's I am a fashion Major and they help me in my classes
This series brings out the best of humanity as they deal with people on the down side of life. If we all worked more like the Chapmans, that is working diligently -yet in the end showing love and mercy- this would be a better world. This program is not for those with small and narrow minds, no heart, no soul, and no compassion. Humans, on the other hand, will love it.
Inexplicably, this is my granddaugher's favorite show.  She can watch it over and over.  She's entranced by the characters and dances to the music.  It never gets old for her.  No other kids show does that for her.
This show is just fun.  The main character's antics are interesting and funny.  I would hate to see it discontinued.
The third season of Californication continues along the same Holden Caufiled-esque journey of Hank Moody, he is still drifting, perpetually drunk and rudderless through one insane situation into the next... This season he falls backward into a job as a college professor after accidentally destroying the hard won sobriety of his predecessor, a far more successful and famous author. His casual attitudes about sex, drugs and relationships are starkly illuminated by disapproving stares of his teenage daughter.  This season features Hank in a romantic triangle with an older woman, a much younger woman and his T.A., all while he continues to try to finally win the heart and mind of his true love Karen. His sad-clown sidekick Charlie Runkle is back and as hilarious as ever, he provides great comic relief for Hanks depravity. Binge watch this!
This is such a great ensemble cast, but this year, in particular, NBC seem to be going out of its way to hide the series and destroy its continuity.  I had to purchase the season just to be able to see all the episodes, even though it will be free next year.  Bad network! Shame!!4-15-13  I have to say that although Animal Control, the most recent episode is really funny, it features yet another segment showing characters using cigars for some warped "pleasure."  I find all references to tobacco in 2013 unnecessary and offensive.  It is an addictive, deadly drug that should be as far from the eyes of children as possible.  Personally, I am deathly allergic to the smell of cigars, get an instant thundering headache and have been known to involuntarily vomit after being forced to be anywhere near one...and I am a photographer who has worked as a war correspondent and been around rotting dead bodies...nowhere near the reaction.One of their first season episodes featured "mouth tobacco" which was the topic of a 90s movie called The Good Fight, about lawyers challenging Big Tobacco after a teenager contracted and ultimately died of mouth cancer from the use of chewing tobacco.  He was addicted by free samples given out at a state fair...a few chews, or as few as fifty cigarettes can produce a lifetime addiction...painfully shortened.Product placement is still a great media issue and Big Tobacco is still there, trying to induce children to fill their ever-emptying ranks of dying addicts...it's how they work.Tobacco has appeared twice as much in media available to children over the past two years than it had for several years in the past.  This is not a minor issue.  It affects us all.
i didn't know what this show was all about but my daughter sits still and watches it when i put it on. its very cute.
Boy, did I miss the title of the series, thought no secrets here, oh my!  TRANSPARENT was a hoot.  I will be on my must watch list.  Probably not for everyone but I said that about CALIFORNICATION too and watched them all.  Jeff Tambor is always great and this series coulld be a tremendous vehicle for him.  The other members of this adult comedy's disjointed family were great also.  I believed the family dynamic and wanted more.  Bring this series on.
It's intriguing and inspiring.  Not according to what might be expected.  It's uplifting and moves the soul.  I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a closer look into their self.
This (5th) season has, several times, had me holding my breath or pausing an episode from the tension it builds! Wow! This is one of the few series that just gets better and better each year. My favorite (in this genre) series used to be Breaking Bad, but SOA has moved to position one.
LOVE THE SHOW. WOULD RECOMMEND OTHERS TO WATCH IT. DIFFERENT FROM THE PRIOR SEASONS ...JURY STILL OUT AS TO WHETHER BETTER OR NOT :)
I love this show.  My daughter was the one who got me to watch this and I'm so glad that she did. Season 5 is very good but not quite as good as prior seasons, but I still rate it 5 stars due to the fact that I have a feeling that it will be the last season...if not, then if they do a season 6 that will definately be it.  Whenever they go off, it will be sad.  Season 5 is special because of the passing of Cory Monteith, who plays Finn.  It was so sad that he could not fight off his demons and survive to continue on in this show and whatever other endeavors he would have moved on in...but he couldn't, so we now have to go on without him.  The show is still a good one even with Finn gone.  I think you will like it too.
This is a collection of some of the most fascinating stories ever.  Some of the celebrities interviewed were people that I would have never dreamed had a paranormal experience.  I found this to be a really good watch!
Amazing performances and beautiful settings!  Do not start watching this if you are not prepared to follow to the end.  Highly Addictive!  A little thin on historical accuracy in places but the performances seem to make you forget that.  Watching the performances of the actors in this series will make you want to watch other things they have done.  Highly recommend.
Love watching the show.  Always were able to connect more with the characters on this show vs the other gold shows for some reason.  Still have great doubts why in the world the Hoffman crew went down to South America though.  If they could have just watched the shortly lived Jungle Gold show on Discovery, they would have seen what a rough time it is.  Not that Alaska is a walk in the park, but they at least are experienced in that environment.
This show is very addictive and wonderful.  All of the ladies are great actresses and you find yourself laughing out loud throughout the whole show.  Betty White is fantastic.  I use to think Mike and Molly was my favorite show, but after watching Hot in Cleveland - my mind has been changed.
These latest shows are some of the best yet.  It really seems that Edina has &#34;softened&#34; up to Saffy and Patsy is definitely starting to show her age in more ways than one!
Unbelievably unique family with very cute grandkids. Just corny enough to make you laugh and no bad language. Good family entertainment with a conservative philosophy that does not match their appearance. They must be rolling in money if the spin off products in the stores is any indication.
Living right out side of Lexington, I can see a lot of uniqueness about the series. Some of is Hollywoodized and the character has some inconsistencies but overall it is entertaining.
I have watched Dr. Who since the beginning.  When I became housebound and found it on my tablet I watched it again from the beginning.  It just gets better and better.
Glad I watched the movie, though I was never a fan of Veronica Mars TV series. I'm a fan now, eager to see a second one.The acting is low-key but believable. I quickly forgot I was watching Kristen Bell. The detective action is believable, and has a high-octane finish.
I watch ALLOT of the sci fi series on TV. This was the one I looked forward to the most each week. I heard it has been cancelled and feel a strong sense of disgust. They really need to start paying attention not just to people who watch the commercial filled TV show when its on, and pay attention to those who download it so they can watch it at their leisure without commercials.PLEASE, AMAZON/NETFLIX/WHOEVER pick this one up and continue the series! It has amazing potential and a great cast.
Once again Bobcat has show his tallents here with a heart wrenching story of a father and son that just don't understand one another and the heart aches they go through for being an outcast and being different. Then when a accidental tragedy happens to the son, the father she just how fake people can be and pretty much goes with the flow until he can't take it anymore and puts everyone in their place with the TRUTH!!!. AAA+++
The show is good and it's fitting for our how our culture revolves around technology and the companies that make it.  If anything, it shows how Silicon Valley will pay any amount of money for a goofy idea - a realistic and funny notion.  The characters aren't deep, but they each have potential for growth.  The leader will lead and go after the VC girl, the older guy will prank everyone and be a general goof, the young guy will pine after the girl, and the "smart" guy will be neurotic and funny.  A formula that can work.
Lots of pretty faces, plots are a little slow in the first two episodes but they pick up after that!  The acting is well done, the characters are well done by the actors.  I suggest that this not be watched by anyone under the age of 18, some scenes are pretty graphic!
I watched the first episode of this show because I have always liked Rachel Bilson, and also because there was nothing else on. I am so glad that I did. Right from the start this show was very enteraining. It is not just a comedy, but sometimes a drama. Bilson does not dissapoint again, and I am glad that she has come back to TV. One of the best things about this show is that it is an adult show, and not a teen one, which seems to be the only shows on the CW right now. The other actors on this show are part of the reason that it is so great. Jamie King, Cress Williams, and Wilson Bethel really round out the cast. Everyweek I wait for the next episode, and now that the season is over I do not how I can wait 3 more months. Thankfully the network renewed the show for another season. I have recommended this show to everyone. It is light and funny at times, and dramatic and moving at others.
the first season was great a spin off of the closers 7 seasons when brenda lee leaves the set and sharon takes over some of the favorites are still there and some of them are what holds it togather
Amazing. So much better than I started out expecting. Earnest acting, solid work from these guys. The sci-fi technospeak is plausible enough I didn't lose my suspension of disbelief. I really, really like this movie.
My 2 year old grand daughter loves Dora and all her friends!  It's a very positive toddler/kids show. It's also educational, fun and entertaining.
I missed a &#34; good western &#34; on tv...but now we have LONGMIRE. The story arcs are well written and the acting is spot on...I wish each episode was 2 hours long...it's hard to wait for the next one.
This show keeps getting better and better, and it's quickly becoming my number one favorite! There is, quite simply, nobody more charismatic on television than Shawn Spencer. And there's no better chemistry out there than that which exists between Shawn and Gus, the most lovable buddy duo you will ever see, in any medium.Kudos to the writers of this outlandish spoof of police procedural shows, for they have continued to come up with original ideas that engage, as the show gets into its fourth season. Rather than grow stale with time, this formula has actually continued to improve, and I can't get enough of it. Whether they're chasing down "Stinky Pete" with guest star Kenny Rogers through a ghost town, wrangling lyncanthropes, or wrestling baddies with the likes of John Cena ("I've never met a man too big to hide behind a plane," Shawn notes with wonder), the adventures of these guys are an exercise in nonstop hilarity!I look forward to blasting through the next couple of seasons and getting all caught up on this wonderful, funky, unique show... can I find the hidden pineapple in each episode?
Just as exciting and addictive as all the other seasons. I love this show and wish it was still on television
I am very happy that the writers have not just caved in and wrapped up everything in a nice little box each week.  The acting is getting better as you see them switch emotions in the middle of a scene to complete the overall arc.
Really like this show. Interesting crimes, great cop with his own issues even borderline tortured in his personal life. Real breath of fresh air after way too many cop shows from the u.s that always seem to deteriorate into some sort of relationship with the lead that takes over the show. He does have a nemesis which provides an interesting back story. Have since picked up a couple shows from bbc america since finding luther.
Wonderful stories from a child's perspective. I like how Little Bill has supportive relationships with children and adults. Little Bill has a good friend who happens to have Cerebral Palsy and is wheelchair bound. The stories deal openly and compassionately with common issues that arise around those with special needs (helping vs. making someone feel babied). Adults (teacher, parents, grandparents) are depicted as helpful and wise allies. There are episodes that show sibling rivalry, competitiveness, and ways they resolve hurt feelings. The voice of Little Bill does remind me of Bill Cosby's standup and mention of his own childhood.
It took me a while to get used to Matt Smith. It felt like the series took a while to get used to him too. Smith really hits his stride in this season. Matt Smith is likable and silly and crazy once you get used to him and once the writers figure out who his Doctor is.
The Robertson family has a great way of showing you life's lessons through daily interaction with one another.  Even their simple daily routines have something to teach us.  The show is similar to The Andy Griffith Show in the way that they teach us that no one is perfect and we all can learn something from each other.  Humility being at the top of the list.
I like this show because it gives a look at Washington DC from a unique view and perspective.I would recommend that this show continues.
A great start for the show that is adult in humor and has an interesting story and great potential to shine.
Season 2 was even better than Season 1 and I loved that one, too.  Holmes and Watson have a terrific professional partnership which developed even better this season. Their friendship also evolved without becoming silly or full of sexual tension. This whole show is certainly unusual and way above the usual silly banter or  &#34;reality junk&#34; on other channels.  I sure hope the writing continues to improve at this rate.  Can't believe the final episode this season and don't want to have to wait to see Season 3.  Wish it would start now!
I didn't think I would like this as much as Home Improvement... I was wrong! I actually like it more. The youngest daughter and his boss are absolutely hilarious. All the characters are great and the stories are entertaining and leave you with a smile on your face.
I love love love duck dynasty. They are funny and entertaining and I love them like they were my own family. While some of their views aren't the same as mine, they are entitled to their opinions and I love how they stay true to their convictions and their way of life. Money definitely did not change them.
I grew up in a military family and i love this show!! It definitly the only crime show i watch on TV!
Great comedy just love it. Been a long time since I enjoyed Tv usually watch movies
Very good. Can't go wrong watching this. I recommand this to everyone. I love parking wars because it's different.
I love this show so much! The characters click, the stories are prettty god, each show is 1 hour. I never miss an episode and I hope this show goes on forever, assuming the quality stays the same.
Fantastic episode. After watching the pilot, I was looking forward to seeing what else would be offered. So far this show is really great, love the cast, good scripts! Keep 'em coming Amazon!
I was instantly hooked after the first episode ! I was at first a little skeptical becase I hated Keri Russel in Felicity but she has honed her acting chops and is phenomenal in this show. I smell an emmy nod for her performance.
I got an episode in February, but then no more. are there any more episodes going to start soon? Really enjoy this show
Who is alive? Watch to find out. 1 of the many show unavailable for free with Amazon 90.00 a year Prime membership.Be prepared to pay a hugh price for season six available for free with other pay services.
See for yourself.  Season 2 is so good my wife will not allow me to watch it with out her.She and I highly recommend this TV series.
I loved this series, and this season did a great job of tying the series back together and closing out the show in a big way. The end of the season is filled with equal measures of completely heartbreaking moments and moments that just make you smile with contentment. An emotional roller coaster that got things right and rewarded you for investing so much time in watching the series.
this is one of my favortie shows so i had to buy all the seasons..im so glad that i own these seasons now.i recommend this to anybody
The character development and interaction of this detective thriller series make it a delight to watch. My wife and I find it totally delightful.
Fantastic story line and great acting.  Several twists and turns with intrigue and horror to make you hang on to every moment.  If you haven't seen a movie that deals with a good mix of supernatural and reality, you don't want to miss this one.
Season 1, episode 1 is some of the best television you can ever see, some of the best story telling best whatever category you want. Then the rest of the season slowly falls down into your typical heap that only wishful viewers will keep watching. Apparently they fired all those people who were behind the scene's and they made season 2. Certainly shows as it was back to being amazing. Season 3, as often times as it is violent is also perfect in it's violence. Never does the violence come unprovoked and never do you stop hoping to see someone live, or die, or both. Everything is fleshed out, and everything is painted into a corner with no other way out for survival except the hard way. Truly enjoyable.
This is a series that grabs you and holds. There are gray areas in everyone's life and interactions they have had in their family and in their past keeps the viewer intrigued.
I just got this series and only watched the first episode and thought it was absolutely fabulous.  Every single character is well rounded and portrays their particular part with such great output.  I am very eager to watch the rest of the series.  I was more than impressed with the entire show.  The old saying is that you have to see it to believe it.  This is the case here.  You most definitely will believe it.
I never watched this show on TV. I had heard about it but I couldn't add one more to my queue. Then the show ended after season 5, my shows went on hiatus for the summer, and I wanted a show to watch. I have to say, I'm not only glad I picked this show, I'm glad I actually waited until now. I blew through the first season real fast and thought maybe I'd take a break, except that didn't happen because of the nice cliffhanger at the end so immediately in went season 2.Like I said in the title, this show is like a drug. I blew through season 2 faster than the first season. They're out, they're on the run, the Fox River Eight. T-Bag is the villain you love to hate. Scofield is still the modern day MacGuyver. Sucre gets far more interesting. Burrows really is able to reveal his bad-@$$ nature, and the plot continues to thicken with "The Company". I'll warn you, you're not going to want to stop here, you might want to just get the entire collection and take a vacation so you can watch it all.
Love anything with TomSelleck and having the Blue Bloods Series is so great and the copies I rec'd were good.
This pilot is well acted, great writing and I loved every minute of it...Please produce this one!!!!!!I will recommend it to all my friends...My fav series are Homeland, Girls, Enlightened, Hannible and Nurse Jackie...
Strong violent content with spellbinding believalble characters. Luther is such a dedicated detective who challenges  his superiors and leads his team to never give up on finding those that prey on London's population.
This is the best show on television in that addresses some serious issues like prejudices and stereotypes but with an ability to laugh at the frailties and foibles of of humanity.  The characters are real and the acting is top notch.
I'm a big James Spader fan, so I have to watch.  I think he is one of those actors that won't do mediocre shows.
want to know why amazon doesn't have several seasons - it's annoying to go through 1 to 5, skip 6 to 10 and then juimp back to season 15 - get with it amazon! Those of us who love this series want to watch it in order
Since early childhood, born in the rainforest of Central America, having the blood of the ancient Maya running in my veins, and belonging to a long distinguished &#34;healer&#34;  unbroken line of those that who really heal, using plants and minerals of our Mother earth. Some of my ancestreses never knew to read and write, until the mid 1900's, yet the females had been born with the information of how t o heal using herbs, the planet's own energies, each of us gets a different gift. So when I see a program that shows research about E.T' s giving early  human kind, the gift of healing, knowledge of plant lore,  I believe that we have been aided, cared for, changed us for the better, and now, like any great parent, they sit, and silently watching ..... keeping all humanity from blowing ourselves to smithereens. So,  Eric VonDanikin' s theory about  ancient aliens makes perfect sense. A program that challenges your mind about the big question: Are we. alone or did we come from the stars, so many, many thousands of years ago, that our species forgot that the Earth has had about three other starts at intelligent life in it's 5 billion years of existence?
Well it's a good series over all but has a few bugs in it but it has excellent potential to be an excellent series if it had a little more seriousness, also the villains on the show are excellent actually so far Hulk worthy villains that makes him show of his strength and power.
After watching Season 1, it was a given, for me at least, to watch Season 2.  This excellent cast of characters did not disappoint.
What a great show. Kevin Bacon is terrific. The suspense keeps you On the edge of your seat. This is a winner! I highly recommend. One note, the gore is minimal, I do not personally recommend having kids under 14 watching.
Is your secret boyfriend, your lost-in-the-jungle uncle, the favorite best friend you never had but always wished for. It's hard to disbelieve some of their findings, and whether or not they're chasing myth or reality, it's going to be a good show.
This is a great show.  Setting is a western town with a small Sheriff's Department with Longmire as the Sheriff.  Longmore has a knack for solving crimes.
This is so funny and I love the appearances by all the actors!  It is pretty historically accurate too.  I'm so glad this series is available on prime.  I'm hoping there are more seasons coming up!
each season they delight me with more humor than the last. this is a great show that i continue to have NEW favorites with
Mary is the woman that many of us want to be. She is strong, but deals with things straight on. She does not duck when things get hard. Her family is made up of colorful characters, her crazy mom, her sister who struggles with things, but looks to Mary for help. But her best relationship is with Marshall, her partner, her only true friend and in most ways her equal. He does not back down from holding her accountable.It is a serious show that laughs, and is like most people's family. I love this show and can't wait to see what will happen next.
This movie transcends relationship cliches and has the bravery to stay focused on it's 3 characters without any trite or whimsical artificial plot twists.  This guy is in a rut and assumes the erratic romance which is more difficult to attain must be valuable. Conversely, the calm stable romance he doesn't quite trust.  All 3 characters are headed for some challenges regardless of their choices.
No Footloose in this series, the characters are creepy, unpredictable, Bacon is the only person who remains (sober), focused and can smell out the serial killer's maddening plan. It's good.
Do not stretch much sense conclusions. Those fans will find a film mockumentary right, without fail. Even, and as befits the genre, to the proceedings where by some renown actors are credible and accurate.Sorry for my englishRecomended
This is by far the best program on PBS, I have been an avid viewer for over 35 years and no one comes close to the reporting done on PBS.  I enjoy watching it with my wife and kids.
I have always enjoyed this show and Season 5 has continued to exceed my expectations. Excellent storyline and great dialog. In real life there isn't always a happy ending. The writers of this show showed how when there isn't a happy ending, there is &#34;I'll take what I can get&#34; endings. I look forward to the rest of the season.
When a body is discovered with sign that point to an incarcerated serial killer called The Trashman Medical Examiner Max convinces the Five-0 Taskforce to reopen the case to help the innocent drifter accused of the crime and solve the murder of someone close to him.
This deserved a longer run on Network TV but was cancelled by ABC wayu too quickly. Thoroughly superior series with enjoyable comedy drama. Leaves you wanting much more.
Totally bad for my checking account that I can't stop buying and watching episodes of this show - but I have to admit I'm completely hooked.Charming and quirky characters.  Casting is well done.  This is a soap opera that's done light-handed.The main character (Zoe) is a driven NY surgeon with a bit of tunnel vision and while she excels as a surgeon her people skills are sadly lacking. Because of this lack of people skills, her career game plan gets blown off track and she finds herself accepting an offer in an old-fashioned small Alabama town.  She's the outsider and it's all uphill as she starts off with mistake after mistake - and being a small town, she's constantly under the grapevine magnifying glass.It's all a steep uphill battle for Zoe, but little by little - episode by episode she is growing personally and professionally and also becoming part of this small, odd, community.It's interesting in all kinds of quirky ways, and the love interests are all messed up and you have to wonder if, when and how things are going to work out -- and while there are some hot chemistry moments, they have (so far) managed to keep us from having to watch semi-porn.  That she's in the business of health care in a small town where gators and snakes populate, there's always interesting story going on.For some reason this is labeled as comedy and I don't see it as such. It's more of a charming light drama, or soap. I guess you just have to see it for yourself - chances are it'll have you hooked quickly too. It's well done.
My grandson loves the Blues Clue song and Joe is in these episodes singing along  so he loves it even more
From the beginning to the end of each show I truly can say tha each character is wonderful. It's a family that stays together and deal with everything that comes before them without no avail. I truly enjoy each season. Don't stop the show at all I love it.
A great show with constant twists. Acting is good special effects are good story telling is amazing. As a scifi show you may expect certain things but the story and the character development is great. A true dramatic action filled show
No one could ever replace Mr. Rogers but this comes close and has the same magical connection to kids.  The subject matter is good and seems to be lacking today.  I wish there was something like this for when they get older too.
I loved watching Life on tv.  I am so disappointed that it was canceled.  I now own season one & two, purchased through Amazon, and enjoy watching them.
As stated in my previous review of Season 1, Flashpoint is a Canadian-produced series about a SWAT-like paramilitary, police unit in Toronto.  Like the first season, it features terrific scripts and acting, likeable characters, great weaponry and action scenes.  I enjoy this show greatly.  (It started its 3rd season, 2 weeks ago, Friday nights on CBS)  There are a couple extras on the set concerning the weaponry of Flashpoint and one of its stars: Hugh Dillon.If you want to check out an exciting and highly enjoyable and suspensful action series, you should check out Flashpoint.  If you have not seen season one or two, you should definately pick us these sets.
I like the characters and the story line, it's an enjoyable way to spend the day while doing catch up stuff around the house.
This movie is constant action always something to look forward to all the rest. Can not wait to see whats next.
I'm floored.  Season 1 of Flashpoint is over, and I think it may be the best overall cop show I've seen.  No, it might not have the totalitary coverage of The Wire, the seedy-ness of The Shield, or the multiple angles of the Law and Order series(es).  But, it manages to be action-oriented, believable, never dumbed-down, emotional, and relavent.  I'm not a cop, but I would bet money that police that do watch the show find many of the issues presented to be dealt with in a way that no other show has.Acting and writing are where Flashpoint rise to a very high (Sierra 1?) spot.  The conversations are believable and flow without really much  that is unnecessary.  All the characters have a genuiness about them, and bring multiple facets to the team that enrich the show without falling into cliche' and stereotype. I didnt think I'd gravitate towards the negotiation and psychological aspects of each incident, but I've come to find those some of the most interesting aspects about it.  They do a really good job immersing you and bringing credibility to what they say and how they say it.There are a few petty things I hesistate to even mention, because I think they present themselves to blatantly only because the rest of the show is so damn perfect.  A couple of the negotiations get a little too heartelt (most are perfect though, especially the second to last episode, perhaps the most heartfelt of all) and the "last-three-minutes-song-of-the-week-montage" was very, very 2008 (everyone did it then, House, Grey's Anatomy, etc, etc, etc) but hopefully they phase this out in subsequent seasons.I'm continually amazed at the caliber of shows on TV these days; everytime I am sure television will fall into the trap that movies have (rehashing stuff that isnt even worth rehashing), along comes a show like Flashpoint that knocks me down and draws me in in a way few movies do anymore.  I watched the first season on-demand, but its going to be a purchase, because its one that has taken its place in my heart and mind as a "best-of" type of show, and I'd be proud to give it a prominent place on the movie shelf.I simply can't recommend this show enough.
Well acted, really engaging and interesting storyline. Lots of twists and turns and situations that just blow you away. Highly recommended
My husband and I love this show, it's wonderful!!
I recorded them all and saved them so I can watch them again, this is so good. Love the actors, bring the characters to life. Have also read one of the books and that is how I got hooked. Highly recommend!
I really enjoyed Ringer and was super bummed when it was cancelled. I really would have liked to have seen another season after the cliffhanger finale!
This is my second time watching season II of BSG...I cried. After Sharon was saved by Tyrol and Aggethon and she pulled the blanket over her head and cried, I cried also. This show is unbelievable and sooooooooo good. When was Cdr Adama made an Admiral! This show made me change my mind on interrogating prisoners, especially women. I know I will get slammed for this, but I don't care. I'm a woman first and foremost, and above all is. This show speaks to so much.
very good, You feel like going down memory lane. The shows have too be new , repeats do not work....
This show is the best on TV!!!!!! I can't hardly wait until the next episode. I hope they extend this show for another season.
every episode in the series keeps you interested and you want more. by the way- will there be more?? i'd like to see more of foyle's war.
This is a great show with alot of entertainment and drama.  I have all the seasons. It is fun to watch from start to finish.
I wish there was more, I really have liked watching every episode of Falling Skies, great story line and lots of action.
How can you end a season (5) with a marriage proposal and just go to a black screen? This season answer the big question that every viewer was pondering. What is not to enjoy? More Castle, more mystery, and more adventure!
Keep up the great work, am loving this show and glad I can watch it through Amazon on my smarttv
Sometimes I find connections to Hollywood in the strangest places.  In the case of Dexter, it was at my day job. Now my office job is not normally the place one associates with a show like Dexter, but it turns out that the sister of the guy I worked with worked on the show. The fact that the show is on Showtime and thus can portray gore and violence as appropriate to the medium (like HBO's Rome, for example) piqued my curiosity. Unfortunately, it took me over a year to actually view season one.  I'm sorry I waited so long.I've done enough research on serial killers (and their fictional cousin, slashers) to know that they're easy to mess up.  And an entire season about a serial killer from the serial killer's perspective is fraught with peril. Fortunately, Dexter hits all the right notes to keep an audience engaged for the entire season.Dexter Mogran (Michael C. Hall) is a serial killer with a cause.  His father, Harry (James Remar) recognized his adopted son's homicidal tendencies and trained him to stalk the most despicable of prey.  These were the lowest of the low, the scum that Harry in his job as a cop saw frequently escape justice.  Dexter became a Final Solution of sorts, eliminating people neatly and efficiently while at the same time fulfilling insatiable desire for bloodshed.  Literally.In his day job, Dexter is a blood spatter analyst.  He works side-by-side with his adopted sister, Debra (Jennifer Carpenter), probably the most annoying character in the show.  And yet, she's annoying on purpose - her frail, waif-like reactions to men and the rigors of her job make her alternately pathetic and vulnerable, feral and misguided.  In short, she needs Dexter's calm, creepy presence. Rounding out the cast is career-climbing Maria Laguerta (Lauren Velez), coworkers Angel Batista (David Zayas) and Vince Masuka (C.S. Lee, formerly of the show Chuck) and my favorite character, foul-mouthed Sergeant James Doakes (Erik King).  Doakes is the only person who sees Dexter for what he is, but he can't prove it.Dexter feigns a personal life as well.  He has a girlfriend, Rita Bennett (Julie Benz), whose last relationship was so emotionally scarring that she fears intimacy, which suits Dexter just fine.  Indeed, all of Dexter's life is an act, from the jokes he cracks to the donuts he brings to the pleasantries he exchanges with Rita.  He's a monster masquerading as a person, and the only reason it's not more obvious is because everyone else has more pressing problems.Dexter's job puts him in a unique position to both appreciate the art of the kill and find new victims. Despite his penchant for murdering his victims, Dexter's murders are relatively clean - he drains his victims of blood, hacks the pieces up, and tosses them into the ocean.  And so it goes: find some sleazeball who escaped justice, kidnap him or her, murder, dump the body, repeat. Until one day, another serial killer who seems to know intimate details about Dexter's past begins sending messages through his own unique style of doll-like murders.The ending of season one won't be a shock to observant viewers.  It's not the actual ending that matters but the journey getting there. Dexter's narration is amusing and wry, his cadence just off enough that he comes across as disturbed yet functional. Surprisingly, the show isn't very gory at all.  Dexter would probably be less sympathetic if we were subjected to every grisly detail.  In fact, by cutting away from the most gruesome scenes, Dexter has to remind us that he's one of the bad guys - the Code of Harry is as much the anti-hero's code that we see in a multitude of other crime-fighting shows.  It's a credit to the writers that Dexter is both a monstrous, damaged human being and yet still human.Can't wait for season two!
I absolutely love this show!!! It's so great to have a show that isn't all focused on the sex! Amazing writing, wonderful plot, and the twists just keep coming. Not to mention the outstanding cast, they are amazing!!! I couldn't wait for the 4th season to come out to see how they were going to clean up the cliff hanger at the end of season 3!  They didn't let me down in the slightest!!  I love seeing the characters grow through the long story line arc. Yet I love the fun, unique cases in each individual episode and the growing moments they present as well. What a great show! Go Drop Dead Diva!!!!
I wish they would get more seasons up of Yo Gabba Gabba. The kids love it! Netflix used to have 2 seasons
My son is 5 years old and loves this show.  It is educational and teaches great social skills!! Clean and fun!
Each episode is interesting adn full of suspense.  The streaming is excellent--no hiccups.  Also, the characters are interesting and the plots somewhat mysterious.  Full of fun as well as world saving seriousness.
Thank goodness, there is still a show on tv that doesn't give me bad dreams or make me feel guilty watching it.  Patrick Jane is a great character and the cast works together nicely.  The writing is good and each episode is different.  I watched every season on Amazon in a month!
I love this series. Can't wait for more. It has a little of eveything. So thankful for not much foul language.
Dunno if I'm reviewing this episode or the whole series, so I'll do both.  If you only have 6 dollars, get Beginnings Pt 1 and 2- they are the best parts of Season 2, and these two episodes are -absolutely gorgeous-.Overall I've found season 2 to be kind of less interesting or exciting than the first season overall, sorry to report.  Seems like the story is lurching along for me.  Still, I'm enjoying the season more than 99% of the other things I could have watched.The series as a whole is fantastic.  Wonderful stories that are true to the Avatar series in style and substance. However, Korra has its own unique flavor that feels at first more mature than Avatar and more socially relevant (as in social commentary) - stories that underscore universal and difficult struggles of society and governance, which I think is quite fascinating for a &#34;children's&#34; show.I confess I am nearly a 40 yr old man, and yes I still watch cartoons and always will.  But I only watch anime-inspired cartoons like this one, the DC and Marvel ones as well, because the quality of the content and artwork of those are extremely high; from the impressive research of the style of period pieces right down to well choreographed fight scenes that betray a depth of knowledge in martial arts and cinematography.  Korra, in this case, gets so many things right about creating a mythical, magical ancient Mongolian-inspired universe that I feel like they have an ancient China cultural historian on contract, furiously cutting photos out of library books and fashioning them into the new set for next weeks episode.  Watching it, I feel like I'm getting some deep knowledge of 'actual' Chinese mythology freebased, downloaded, and injected like Neo into my cerebral cortex, so I don't have to spend 4 years at university studying it.  Thanks for that Korra!
CAN NOT WAT FOR THE 2ND SEASON TO PLAY .SEE WHAT HAPPENS TO ALL THE BAD GUYS THANKS FOR HAVING IT AMAZON PRIME .. !
both my 2 and 6 yr old cannot have enough of it, they are big fans and enjoyed this season.
I am waiting for the season to start back up... but so far I am happy with the drama, action, violence, story line... I am equal parts frustrated and intrigued to see what the gang will do next!
Great acting, stories and mystery, the personalities and characters are great, personality defects, tempers, emotions and clashes etc. what more seasons
Their are a lot of actors that were on dead wood, It has a great story line and a lot of action.
Post Apocalyptic.Aliens?Survival.Humanity, Pros and Cons.Some Biblical talk.Supernatural?This could break either way. It could go a more intellect oriented path, or devolve into an emotional supernatural drama, anything goes, and less science fiction way. With all of the yelling and chaos, the birthday thing, and some Biblical talk, I'm betting on the latter. But like I said, it could be good.It kept my interest all of the way through and left off with a nice &#34;what next&#34; ending.
I love pawn stars, so of course I like volume 4. If you like any of the other seasons then you'll like this. I'd recommend it to anyone who likes reality tv.
Outstanding show. And season 2 has started just as good.
I watched season 1 and wanted more.  Season 4 was already beginning on tv so I purchased season 2 & 3 so I could catch up.
I love MythBusters and every year it gets better. My favorite, of course, is when they were left on a deserted island with nothing but duct tape. They are so clever!
This was an intriguing plot. It was VERY real. I like &#34;political&#34; dramas quite a bit. My mother came from Russia.
I'm definitely not a post apocalyptic or sci-fi kind of person. But this show kept my attention through the entire episode. Even my wife who was not paying attention at the beginning was glued to the set by the time the episode was halfway done. Would love to see more of this one!! Good job on the pilots this time around, Amazon!
I had watched the first episode of Inspector Lewis Season 1 and thought it was okay, but then I watched it a second time and really liked it. I went on to watch the second episode and now I am a fan.
Keeps you on your toes..think you have it solved and then..another plot..My daughter got me addicted to this on Netflix...
My grandson and the granddaughter(1yr old) watch this season often. There is always lots of action and thedialog is good, they speak both Spanish and English and my 3 yr old grandson repeats both the Spanish and English words.He has a speech delay but when he's watching this show I understand everything he says. GO DIEGO is a great show forpre schooler.s.The one year old likes the colors and the action, This keeps them occupied for a little while and when they re done they play with their toys.
A very unique look into the life and times of the spy world in the 80's, Reagan era...  The hero/heroine in the series.....  Russian KGB agents posing as a true blue American Family....  Very interesting.....  The layers of these characters is mind boggling as is finding yourself empathizing w/the enemy as we see America through their eyes...  their loyalty and sacrifice made for their country, and their beliefs.  Great show so far!!!
Enjoyed it immensely. And I would highly recommend it to my friends and family. It was well done and very entertaining. The actors were marvelous.
Excellent if you enjoy sci-fi in series form without the annoying 16 minutes of advertising each one hour segment. Of course if you need a break, click pause.
This is the best sitcom I have experienced in years. Witty, smart, two women, with a cast of more young women! It is a gas.I watched most of the first season on Prime for free. I was shocked to see that the last 6 shows were suddenly a $1.99 a piece!I am 62, retired so that price shot that experience out of the water. I am disappointed that Amazon handled the series this way. You are watching prime for a reason. $1.99 a show is ruinous.I hope I get to see the rest of this series. It has put a sour taste in my mouth for Amazon Prime TV. Which I am sure I more than pay for by shopping through Amazon almost exculusively. I could find no where to get this complaint out in customer service.That is why I aired it here.
Justified keeps up the compelling Kentucky saga in the spirit of the late Elmore Leonard, who is not on set only in spirit, but a strong spirit. More fun with Raylon and all galavanting about the countryside to keep folks safe from the drug runners and general evil doers. Always great fun here. Well done Justified.
This was my favorite out of all the pilots I watched. The concept is cool. Its like a comedic &#34;Newsroom&#34; which is way ok. I enjoy the satire.  The dialogue was quick and witty.  William Sadler was awesome!  The set looked great, very high tech.  The ending made me definitely want to come back for more!
Always a twist in the plot with well scripted acting. Each episode is building upon the previous one not knowing what is going to happen next to a someone next. It is sad to see some of the interesting actors depart.
The show is well written and well acted. The story is intriguing and addictive. A lot of questions that need to be answered and I would love to see how the story will progress.
I always watch this series because it brings back some of my favorite memories.  The things that he restores are normally from a time period when I was a kid.
&#34;Vikings&#34; is a very significant elegant series about the period when the Vikings started invading England. The plot, writing, setting(s), and character development is outstanding. I believe it is a reflection of the true history and cultures of the time. It is very worth watching.
there are to many Sherlock Holmes these days. This one is very different- funny, yet serious & suspenful. Well done !
I just love this show and I'm very upset that it is being cancelled.  This show has so many possibilities that they never explored.  Please bring it back again!
Liked this when it was on TV but missed some episodes. Love Chiclis and Quaid, although Quaid looks a little &#34;worn out&#34;. If you like period pieces with mobsters from the late 50's and 60's you'll enjoy this, I did.
Love having the Instant View feature on Amazon.com. I have used this feature many times and will do again. Would highly recommend to friends and family.
My husband is from England and I sometimes don't quite get the humor, but I loved this series. Slap stick, camp and off color it might not be for people who take their religious/political institutions too seriously. We purchased some of the DVDs cause we couldn't get enough!
The show is great.  I would like to see it more often.  Seems like they go weeks in between sometimes on the air dates.
the characters are great, like the story lines, the southern &#34;charm&#34; can be a little much but that's what it is..............
There is no better entertainment that can be had than that made in England.  I am now on Season 2 of this series and love every minute of it!  Pure entertainment and not the constant physical conflicts of American films.  Give me more like this!
We do not get HBO, so I streamed through our Roku box,  also from Amazon.  Not much to say it was a wonderfull series.
Can't say enough about how good the Inspector Lewis mysteries are. Can't say enough about how good the Inspector Lewis mysteries are.Can't say enough about how good the Inspector Lewis mysteries are
The third season has Sam and Dean trying to save Dean soul from hell. They have killed the yellow eyed demon and are now trying to save Dean from going to hell because he made a deal with a demon to save Sam. As we have learned from this series that this family keeps makking deals with demons and pay the price. It cost them there father life. Season was very good. They hunt down demons and other stuff. Gets slow in the middle but the ending is very well done! A jaw dropping ending that will leave you speechless. They also have that actress who plays Maggie from the Walking Dead in it when she was younger. She was ok.
Turtle power
Have enjoyed since 1st season!
Science, robots, scrap metal, and...yeah, that's about it but got me sold!  Oh, and my kids like it too =)The opening scene w/ pigeon poop out of the blue made me wonder if the tone was gonna be more like Robot Chicken but luckily not so.The live action covert art (with character none too discernable) then switching to cartoon was a little confusing.  Liked the cartoon format and was almost wondering how they'd pull it off live action but watching the preview the CG seemed to be pretty seamless.  It could go well either way.My 3-yr-old boy and 6-yr-old girl are growing out of Diego/Dora and this is something I could see them growing into that I'd be plenty happy with.Nerd cred for the win!!!
I don't watch this series but my son purchased this so he could pass time on the airplane.  This was a win-win for both of us.  He kept from getting bored and I got to finish some work while he watched the video.
A group of vandals / thieves / videographers break into a house in order to steal a specific VHS tape. Once inside, they find the place empty, except for one room. In this room is a stack of televisions, a VCR, and an old man in a chair. This forms the wrap-around story for the events on a tape already in the VCR. VIDEO ONE has a trio of drunken pervs, out to secretly record their sexual exploits. The tables are turned on them, and they become human prey. VIDEO TWO is about a young couple on vacation. Their trip soon becomes a nightmare when someone enters their room while they sleep. On VIDEO THREE,  a group of four hikers are out for a serene walk through the woods. Unfortunately, someone / something is out to ruin their little nature walk. VIDEO FOUR is a gruesome, supernatural story told over several days, via internet video. It's a cautionary tale that is best summed up in the words, &#34;Trust no one&#34;.  VIDEO FIVE  concerns four guys and a Halloween party. Things fly out of control, and the four are plunged into a demonic night of death.  As the burglars watch the tape, they slowly realize that things are not as they appear, and that they are in big trouble. VHS is a brilliant twist on the anthology film, and succeeds in being everything that &#34;found footage&#34; movies like BLAIR WITCH PROJECT should have been! Highly recommended...
I love James Austen's stories and I think this series did a Great Job capturing it. All the actors were perfect for each part they portrayed,especially Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle in the lead roles.
Rubicon is straight out of the conspiracy theories held by those who are our most fearful and perhaps least logical citizens. It makes for sad commentary but also for greatly enjoyable viewing. So suspend disbelief and wade in you will not regret it.  Is there going to be a season two? I hope so.
Season 1 had me hooked, then 2 yes, I'm in deep. Then 3- and the babyis part Alien.  Wow-- wouldn't have guess that was going to happen.The baby is soooooooo cute, and pretty.  but scary in a interesting way.Need more,more,more,more.  I don't want this show to ever end.
Where is Calvin Klein tween's EMMY for her performance.  It is so great that David Carradine's daughter (echo!) gives an even better performance than her dad on Criminal Minds.  I've taped the last scene on my dvr a few times when the episode has reaired because her performance is SO satisfying but rewatching her earlier scenes is important to understand how devastating her character is.  She does crazy things with her face in her scene with VDO who is wearing one of his BEST suits and of course, John Glover is wonderful from his first scene when it is obvious what a burden his daughter's existence is to him but never more so than when he silently rubs his eyes in the interrogation room with the speaker is turned off - in one room, not the other.  There is a HINT of his character's resentment of his former protege that will be given the spotlight in his reappearance in a later season.  FUN.
I've been following the work of Chuck Lorre as far back as GRACE UNDER PRESSURE.  Also involve his trademark &#34;vanity cards.&#34;BBTh. is the best of the lot.
This has to be the best animated adventure out there. It has a story plot that goes on and weaves it way through the story line. it has drama, adventure, action,heart and a love story of sorts as well without getting sappy and did i mention a actual story line ! Not just thrown together it is great. by the series it will be a great addition to your library
I just love to watch this show. I watch every season of Chopped, and I just love to see what the baskets hold for the chiefs. It is really something to see what they come up, and listen to the judges opinion of there food
Backyardigans is a very innocent show for young children.  It lacks the subtle double entendre of some cartoons but it's good to have a resource that is just nice.  It is more than suitable for my littler guys and I never feel a need to monitor their viewing or censor any of it.  But the best part is the music.  I've never really thought of children's fare in terms of the music before but this shows what can be done in the right hands.  Perhaps it isn't for everyone, but my kids really enjoy singing along.  Bang up job, guys!
I love Chicago Fire and Chicago PD and that some characters cross over. I look forward to watching it every week!
As Season two unfolds the show tackles some stickier issues and perhaps this detracts slightly from the overall show, bot only slightly.  I don't feel that this season was quite as good as the first season but it was still very good and both seasons remain in my opinion as an example of what we should be seeing on TV.  It sets a VERY high bar for writers and actors to work towards.  I highly recommend this show.
This will throw you for a loop. See a reformed werewolf become a vegetarian. lol. all the characters are so cool and very funny. some a little scary. This is so entertaining we were so disappointed when we finished it. we wanted more. you will like this one.
I haven't laughed this hard in a long time, and it's a totally family friendly show. Finally a TV family I wouldn't mind my kids seeing.
This is the fourth year and it was as well written and filmed as the other three.  The characters are fantastic.  I think Edward Olmos has done a wonderful job in this series.  I liked this series better than the original with Lorne Greene.
5 STARS ALL THE WAY! This show has ALL the bells, and whistles and all that other good stuff!! The chemistry of the cast of this show truly has that power to grab your attention and keep you affixed to the screen, relishing each and every second! Gemma Teller sure ain't no, Peg Bundy!!
both my sons love it. They are age appropriate with good music and story-line. The characters are funny and lovely.
She carries the whole show. I still can't believe she is doctor Watson's wife in the Sherlock Holmes movies.If your a male and love eye candy then watch this show.
Different having this season as a &#34;team&#34; sport so to speak; I've watched every season andknow the contestants despise the &#34;team&#34; efforts.  Love Tim Gunn....
This show was so creative - interesting and imaginative story, great acting and production.  Loved it and would love to see more!
His stentorian declamation gets her all hot and bothered, and as for his musical taste, be still her beating heart!
If you are a fan of the Inspector Morse series, and mourned the passing of John Thaw at the young age of 60 - who was recently voted by British viewers as #3 in the best 50 actors over the past 50 years - you probably know that the show has been revived in the form of a prequel.  The first season was outstanding, and now the second is maintaining the same unrelenting quality, which isn't easy to do.John Thaw, as the older Morse, is clearly irreplaceable. His brooding, melancholy, curmudgeonly Morse captured the inspector's essence. Thaw's own life paralleled Morse's own with the loss of his mother's constant presence in his life at an early age when she left home and he didn't see her again until he was 19. The character Morse's parents divorced when he was 12, and his mother died three years later. Did this life experience help Thaw to capture the depth and underlying strain of unresolved grief in Morse? Is this why Morse constantly falls for the women in his investigations, even when they turn out to be the culprit?But now we have the new younger Morse in this series Endeavour, which is a prequel to the iconic series. In the mystery novels, Morse's mother was Quaker which explains the origin of the name Endeavour. The real story is that the author Colin Dexter supposedly found the name on a building in which boats were housed along the river Thames in Oxford where he liked to walk. And the names Morse and Lewis actually came from arch-rival cross-word puzzle clue writers whom Dexter knew.Is this new endeavor in its second season worthy of the old series? Definitely yes. The younger Morse (Shaun Evans)is a tad gawky, as you imagine Morse probably was in his early days, but his enjoyment of fine cars, classical music,  crossword puzzles, literature classics is in evidence. The production values are superior to the old series, although the same wonderful iconic music remains. The sets for example--the police station, Morse's new rental, museums, boarding school, pubs - Anglophiles will be delighted in the authenticity representing 1960's England.  The cinematography is original with unusual flashbacks, angles of camera, perspectives or looking through a dirty car window as Morse steps out of a building. You feel the texture of England.  I watch it as much for the scenery as for the plots and actors.The actors are stand-outs: Endeavor's boss Thursday (Roger Allam) and the chief of police (Anton Lesser), the other police colleagues, and Morse's new possible love interest are splendid. Fun to watch Morse and Thursday's relationship develop. Since Morse doesn't have Lewis yet, Thursday fills in as the person to which he is closest and their relationship gives the series warmth. It is an inspired choice to use John Thaw's daughter as a newspaper editor - you can see a bit of her father's face in hers.The crimes are appropriately complex with original plots. So, even though we still miss Mr. Thaw, the actor Shaun Evans is maturing comfortably into the role of Morse. We hope the series will continue longer than the first incarnation of Colin Dexter's great books, which is probably my favorite mystery series.  If the quality continues, it certainly has the potential to last a long time for Inspector Morse's old and new delighted devotees.
When I saw the remake of Battlestar Galactica I had the memories of the original show casting heavy doubt on the story being worth the time to watch.  After making it through the first two seasons on Prime Instant Video I can see that I should never judge a show by the quality of a previous one of the same name.  Other than the names being the same in some cases this show carries over nothing from the original and sets itself apart from most shows and takes us to a place far more intriguing than most any do.  I'm not sure what to expect from the remainder of season 3 and 4 but the by the end of 2 and beginning of 3 the story lines that had been set in place went into hyper speed and had more action in 5 episodes than many shows do their entire run.  The writers have no problem pushing the envelope of character development and change as circumstances move so fast it has left my head swimming and my interest peaked as for where they can go from here.  But if the first 2 seasons are any indication then I'll just have to hang on and enjoy the ride hoping the end is not a disappointment after a mind boggling first half.  If you like Science Fiction that pushes the limits of human behavior then you don't want to miss this show.
I hope to heck that this show is not canceled....this has been a fresh breeze in the normal stink of Syfy shows that is so damn refreshing....Keep coming with more episodes...this is a gem of a show.
Yolanda is far to classy for this show. Loved the episode of her dinner party and the singing around the piano tradition.. Now that was entertainment. Leave Paul and Adriennda (sp) alone!  Good luck with your sobriety Kim.
As I said in a previous review of this series, Major Crimes has the potential to be very good but it hadn't quite reached the right balance of storyline and character interaction.  However, I have to say that this episode, Medical Causes (#3) was finally there!  It stopped dwelling on the 'process' of deal-making and concentrated not only on a fun main storyline but the balance between Provinza, Rayder, Flynn and Rusty was perfectly in sync!  So if you thought that the first two episodes were just a little subpar, you will be happy with this episode because they've pushed it up closer to the level we saw in The Closer.  And even the new female detective is starting to find her place in the unit and is growing on me in the same way the misadventures of Flynn and Provenza eventually did in The Closer.
Just finshed watching the DVD set of this show. I loved it! The show started off slow in the first few episodes but quickly gained momentum. I got into the story line and really enjoyed the development of the characters and the on going story arc,I recommend this series to anyone who likes quirky and well developed arc line in thier series.I hope  season two is just as good.
The above 4 names have been blowing me away for the last 8 or so weeks with their solid acting.  Each character has baggage and each time there is a revelation in their character's story it is always a surprise.  Diane Kruger is the breautiful blonde who came to notice as &#34;Helen of Troy&#34; in the Brad Pitt dud &#34;Troy&#34;, however, she has since proved not to be just a German born flash in the pan and has done marvelous work in such films as &#34;Inglorious Basterds&#34; performing a hilarious, yet fatally lethal, for her, knock down, drawn out battle of fisticuffs with Christoph Waltz, in which her beautiful pedicured toes were sticking out of a leg cast as her character had already been wounded during another hilarious knockdown victorious shootout with the gestapo in the Beerhaus down the street earlier in the film.  Then we have Damien Birchir who previously played Nancy's romantic,nefarious, Mexican lothario gangster husband in &#34;Weeds&#34; when his character was punked to death in a Mexican prison.  Of course we have Ted Levine who played &#34;Buffalo Bill&#34; the wannabe lady, lady killer in &#34;Silence of the Lambs&#34;, and then went on to play &#34;Monk&#34;'s police chief boss for years after that.  And now we come to Annabeth Gish, &#34;Wyatt Earp&#34;'s late wife in the Costner failure, &#34;Wyatt Earp&#34;, the drug addicted/sex crazy wife of the politician to be in &#34;Brotherhood&#34; on Showtime and probably could play anything Susan Hayward ever played.  What we have here are people who are tried and true in their profession who can do anything you put before them be it comedy, high drama, suspence, satire, anything, which pretty much is called for in this fantastically written, produced, filmed, and plotted horror police procedural.  Don't miss a minute of it.  It all fits together.  There's even a little bit of that &#34;Big Love&#34; plot going on somewhere  in the background.
Very well done historical presentation that helps you realize just how capitalism came to be such a force in this country and eventually the world.  The way they have shown the overlap of the most powerful men that built the USA is nothing more than fantastic.  I haven't finished it but I'm really enjoying the episodes that I do watch when I have time.
Extremely well done with a great cast. Discovered it by accident and I'm so glad I did. Big fan of mysteries and I would recommend this one highly.
"All great films, without exception, contain an important element of no reason."  The movie opens up with a type of disclaimer about what you are about to see, summed up in the line, "The film you are about to see is an homage to no reason".  The audience then watches the tire (yes, the movie is about a tire) escape from the ground and start on its path of destruction.  To me this movie is a type of satire about "Reality TV" and the people who watch, complete with a full audience commenting on what they see.  I really had no idea what to expect with this one, and I was very, very surprised.  This is one of the funniest, most original movies I have ever seen.  This is a movie about a tire that is alive and has psycho-kinetic powers.  To explain more will ruin the experience you need while watching this.  Very surprising and hilarious.  This is a definate must see, but if you don't like the first 10 min you will probebly not enjoy the rest of the movie.  Go in with an open mind and you will love this as I did. Not being a fan of reality shows helps too, so you can get the subtle jabs and the irony.  I give it an A-.Would I watch again? - I would, but it would be better to watch with someone who hasn't seen it yet.*Also try - Honestly, there is nothing else like this, which is what makes it great.
This was my first Top Chef DVD set. I didn't see it on cable. I was very impressed. I loved it. I have bought other seasons. I will be glad when all of the seasons are on DVD. I look forward to ordering them
I gave the reviews for the first two series 5 stars because the series was fun to watch. As the series progress the fun has gone and become much more serious. Still look forward to each show but so serious which is more like it should be since it is about the CIA.
Makes me laugh even the second and third times around.  We always buy the DVDs even though we watch the show when aired.
Hopefully this show gets picked up. It was extremely entertaining and funny. Natalie Zea, Hayes MacArthur, and Josh Peck are an all star line up! :)
After the 4th season I wasn't sure if I would still like the show but I still love it and the 5th and now the 6th season have both been really good.  I even rewatch the earlier seasons because it is such a great show.
I enjoy watching a series with a charismatic protagonist and clever solutions to dilemmas.  I never quite know what is going to happen next.  I would like more info from when he was on the island, but I expect to see that during more episodes.
This is a great informative show about the history of comic book cartoons.  It was a true eye-opener and great history lesson! It's a must-see.
I was left wanting more. Cumberbatch is an incredible actor. I felt he wasn't  appropriately  challenged by this roll. I can't wait to see his next project .
I have always loved the imagination of Stephen King and this series on A&E; called the "Bag of Bones" relates to what I had been through with the loss of the only man I have ever loved.  The thinking they are there in a room with you or they have sent you a sign telling you how to handle their passing.  Pierce Bronson is perfect in the role and the rest of cast was chosen well.  That is one thing I like about Stephen King he does not let Hollywood or Television change his stories they are just like the books he writes.  Wonderful Series and I intend to buy it to see them all on my laptop to know how it ends is what makes King a great writer, as you never know how he will end his stories.  Great work this series is by a wonderful writer of so much that a world enjoys the challenge of how the story proceeds and ends.  Thank you Amazon for giving this to your customers to enjoy....Link to Bag of Bones Series -http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B006I0GSZM/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
This show is amazing. Clever story. Brilliant characters. There is no better way to put this other than you must watch it. Just give it a try and you'll fall in love with it.
Season 3 of "Mad Men" is the best season so far, and I think Season 4 will be even better! There are so many twists and turns in the storylines this season, and I don't want to give anything away by saying two much here. I will say that I did not see the last two episodes coming at all, and the season finale is the best episode of the show to date. I'd even go so far as to say it's one of the best episodes in all of television. "Mad Men" is so mart, so slick, so stylish...it's one of the best TV shows ever. If you're still not watching, you need to start.
entertaining, gripping, acting is superb, each show has its own story and yet there are threads of questions and mystery throughout.  Well done.
I can't believe we are now on season 11!  We hate to see the series end after season 12!It is wonderful not to have commercials.
I really enjoy it, because I got to see , a lot of scences that was not showed on the tv show, so i understand it more. it was a great story and i cannot wait until the new season beings.
Best show besides the walking dead !  highly recommend
I have watched every season, every episode and absolutely love Deadliest Catch.  Enjoy it; you will never regret this series.
A little humor with a good mystery. The characters are interesting and so far it has not become a total soap opera.
I have loved the sons of anarchy since the very first show. I have every season on dvd and when I have down time I love to watch old episodes. Season six is even more raw and exciting. Kurt Sutter is a brilliant writer. When he is done with the Sons I hope he will do another television show. I love that Kurt is brave enough to let go ( or kill off ) characters that we don't want to loose. And who ever did the casting for the show did a great job. I would love to thank them one day for making it possible to watch Charlie (Jax) every week. All the actors really bring it !!!! Especially Katie. And even the ones you love to hate, you hate to see them go. I love the fact that Kurt is not afraid to show what prison life is really like. Some might say OH NO I cant believe they put that on television. But I say let people see what its really like maybe they will straighten up and live right so they wont ever end up there. Thanks for another great season. And thank you Amazon for providing a service so that I could watch it on my computer.( I don't have Dish or Direct)
This is a wonderful season with a good story line. However, you *HAVE* to watch The Snowmen first. Otherwise you will be horribly confused for the whole season.
Enjoyed! It's not hard to appreciate a movie like this due to its impressive cinematography and direction as well as a great performance by Willem Dafoe and cast.
The first episode of this show really turned me off.  I also wrote a terrible review about it.  However, I don't know why I continued to watch and this show and Robert really grew on me.  It's nothing new and very similiar to Kitchen Nightmares except they really do the impossible on a shoes string budget and 48 hours.  Not sure if I believe it or not, but it does make for entertaining realty T.V.
Well, now I know what all the hype was about and why they are making a movie. Because the series was cancelled suddenly with NO ENDING!!! How dumb are these TV execs to cancel a show without allowing an ending? I must see the movie when it comes out so I know how it ends. Kudos to Kristen Bell and the guy who plays her dad (can't pronounce or spell his name) and all the friends and boyfriends. I hope we get to see all these characters again soon!
It's just a an interesting show. How are things made? How did that happen? Why does this announcer have such a cool voice? Can I get him to be the announcer on my voicemail?I love Modern Marvels because it's not a fluffy show and it makes me smarter. MODERN MARVELS! Best thing on the History Channel.
If you are into our conflict with the Soviets during the 1980's or just love spy shows you will find this show spellbinding. A Soviet family living in the D.C. area blends in as a normal American family and causes havoc in the U.S. as they complete their orders for the USSR.
Two different shows lots of options, weird and kept you interested, the group stayed together, I am not sure how much more we can get out of the after, but if done correctly this show can be a definite contender. Creepy at the end which was the element of surprise.
I like Oswald. Both my 7 year old and my 1 year old enjoy the music and the friendly characters. 10 out of 10.
wow a true fathers love omg! loveeeeeed this very stron and emotional film,........ the ended really grabbed my heart and tears spilled oh yes wow !! omg the ending was completely priceless
heroes, sylar, science fiction, science fiction tv, season 3, zachary quinto, powers, marvel comics, hero
Suits highlights the clever nature of high end attorneys and their devil may care attitude. The main two main characters yield and wheel a shared Jurist Doctorate at clients spraying collaterally damage in the process of winning at all costs.  Billable hours never seem to be portrayed as they are in real life but the acting and the writing place this show heads and tails above most.  This one gives Netflix's House of Cards a run for it's money.
I'm not sure how this ended up in the horror section, if you need to put it in a category I would say Indie/Gay/Lesbian, but it is a really good movie about first love between two teenage girls. I thought it was a very well done movie but most people will shy from this type of film. It is a realistic portrayal of uncomfortable silences, petty jealousies and hard goodbyes. I loved it.
Tom Selleck keeps on going and going....and better than ever with great new additions to the cast.  More to come!
THIS IS A GREAT SERIES FOR THE MONEY. IF YOU LIKE SCI FI WITH SUSPENCE AND SOME MONSTERS IN IT THIS IS THE SHOW FOR YOU. GREAT ACTING AND STORY LINE ESPECIALLY WITH THE LOW BUGET THEY HAVE FOR THESE SHOWS.
If your the type that is easily offended, I would encourage you to not watch this series and get some psychiatric help to learn how to take a joke! I read some reviews, some people just don't like toilet humor. I'm a man, so I don't do the &#34;sensitive thing!&#34; I laugh the whole time I watch this. LOL.
I saw the promos for this show and being a fan of most of ABC Family's original shows I thought I'd give it a try.  It is certainly darker than most of their shows but it has a certain quality to it that makes it stand out.  The plot centers around three former friends: Jo, Lacey and Danny.  Danny killed (or so we are led to believe) his aunt when they were about 11 years old and was sent away for five years.  During that time, Jo and Lacey's friendship faded and they each went their own separate ways.  Danny returns home and that's when things get interesting.I really like the story and how you learn of a new clue each week.  I hate that the summer finale is coming up already, but at the same time I want to find out who did it!!  Was it really Danny or was it someone else?  I guess we'll just have to wait...
Great show ...It tells me there are still people out there that still live off the land & shows me that civilized  life in the city is way better than living off the land....(NO INTERNET!!!)
Not a typical &#34;cop&#34; show. Another one of those, &#34;wish it would last forevers...&#34; Very deep characters with a lot of unknown history. Great stuff!
Rea;;y enjoy the show, watched it with my daughter and it was so good I watched the entire season in one night, couldn't stop watching!
I love this show so much I purchased the entire season. The sad thing is the network cancelled it. I can't believe that such a great show too. They keep the stupid ones on air. Go figure. The quantity all around was very good.
top notch excitement,spy thrill at its best,every episode a new adventure,excellent stars,look forward to every week.hoping for season 3
I love Portlandia because it spoofs many of the folks in my social set......including me.  I get to laugh at myself since I have live near UC Davis and yep we have everything from almond milk to rice milk.  I am a "gotta get the gear" person.  I have environmental guilt.  The relationship issues are something I experience with my friends.  But I still love the life style.  This is soap opera and sketch comedy at its best.
Trudeau, has a hit.The writting is smart (Not on the level of a Sorken show, but damn close). The acting is enjoyable (Nice to see Goodman show more of his acting chops). The subject matter is nicely current. All in all, enjoyable from start to finish. And having it come out of Amazon and not have to try and survive on network TV is a big plus.
I was tired of waiting for netflix to load season 4 & 5 of SOA so i bought the season on amazon.  If you havent tried watching this show yet...DO IT!  This among Breaking Bad and The Walking Dead are awesome shows.
A good introduction that has the potential to be a great show mixing comedy and drama while drawing in sports fans.
Revolution is a great TV show.  Its one of my favorite hours of the week.  Can't wait to see how it all ends this season.
Awesome show, cannot wait for Season 2.
I am a big Law & Order Fan, loved the connection of Bobby * Emmes , and the other role players that followed. Jeff Goldblum , a few Captain changes but the strong writing and Dick Wolf who is still going strong with a new series based on real DA's . I was sad to see the CI series end , SVU still in production with major role changes and lets not forget the original 20 seasons of Law & Order which is my next purchase. Great to have in your library. You can watch them over and over a catch something you missed. Well Done great that Amazon has them available.
Season 3 followed the first two with more quality programming and plot twists. Always enjoyable to watch. Now watching season 4 and waiting on season 5.
Man, this was a great story!  Great acting!  Great everything.  I have a newfound respect for Jessica Lange.  She did an awesome acting job in this.  We were stunned how excellent this show was.  Highly recommend it.
Love Troy ,  great show, my husband really likes it.  He watches this show every day, he even watches it more than once.
good movie, like cast. shows how different women and men look at things.  Great, funny love story.  yea yea yea
Now this is satire at its best! I have always loved the Onion but never thought I would see it serialized. I would love to see this get picked up and continue on. The story lines are great, the humor is spot on, some great actors in there and who wouldn't want to see the falcon every week?
Always so much going on. Never a dull moment. Punch lines galore This series is funny as hell and yet has some serious moments.
I can hardly handle the cuteness of this program.  My grandchildren love this show so much that we talk and talk about it and re-watch it and never gets dull even after 10 times watching
I can see this doing very well for young girls around the ages of 4 - 6. Move over Dora!
Love it. Season 3 was a good progression of characters and storyline. Can't wait to start Season 4.
Good acting, well-written, easy-to-follow and medium-paced.  It is a good change-up to film noir.  We look forward to another season.
Some of the best horror has something to say, and Barry Levinson's latest film The Bay rings the alarm bells on factory farming's disastrous effect on the world's oceans and waterways.It's an taut mix of news footage, found footage and narrative footage combined to create a mockumentary about an ecological disaster which culminates in madness and mayhem in a small seaside town on the 4th of July.For horror fans it has some great gore throughout, and for non-fans it has enough drama and suspense to keep you going until the end. Highly recommended.
My husband and I enjoy American Pickers. This show captures audiences both old and young. Very diverse and entertaining. Funny!
My kids (3 & 15 months) love this show. It's got great music. Granted, the 15 month old doesn't really have the attention span for TV, but he looks over during the songs and shakes his little bootie. All very tame, nothing TOO scary, but still adventurous. The music is great as is the animation. A favorite in our house.
There is a reason this show is such a ratings hit.  Great acting, directing and writing.  I found this season, the best shows were the more intimate episodes (I know people love to see the weekly zombie slaughter).  When Rick and the Govenor meet to talk treaty, its subtle intensity will keep you enthralled.  The finale was a bit low key, but still enjoyable enough to make you look forward to Season 4.
I have to admit I really like this show.  We have series like this before, like Chuck, Jake 2.0.  But, here we have don't have a nerd, etc., but a real adult.  The use of technology is a large part of the series, but not so dominant that it replaces good scripts and acting.  I only wish that Amazon had made this available earlier.
Jon Stewart cracks me up.  His facial expressions and over reactive responses are the best.  I could do without some of the skits, but overall we love the show.
The seasons kept getting better and better, and Season 5 was no exception. The characters were endearing and entertaining as well. I was very sorry to see the series come to an end.
I loved it. I came across it when looking through titles of tv shows. I watched both seasons in two days. I can't wait for a third. If you like scifi/super natural type shows with murder and suspense thrown in, you will like this series. Hopefully, you will try it.
there is a good balance for much drama and they do not disappoint .  I found I like this show more than I may have intended when I purchased it.  I'm a fan now.
I play the Fresh Beat videos for my little 3 year old Granddaughter and she's glued to the screen for minutes on end. She just loves it.
We watch all the seasons of &#34;Lie to Me&#34; and loved it!  Acting and story line great!  We highly recommend.
I love these series because although I am too old to actually participate and certainly can dream and imagine.  Humans have live this way for centuries and the magnificence of nature can overwhelm you.
It's a facinating show.  Even if the program didn't feature celebrities, I would still watch it. I love waiting to see where the story takes you next.
Another example of Michaels brain over brawnEven as individuals unravel they stay true to their charactersThe series isn't as believable in this season but it doesn't have to be as the emotional attachment to the characters has already been formedThey keep the series exciting with more implied violence than actual blood and gore which I think is more intelligent
Justified just keeps getting better and better over time.  Usually by the third season things are all too familiar.  No so with Season Three of Justified.Raylan has managed to get himself involved with... wait for this... his ex-wife.  Go figure, eh?  They had something going before and it never really went away.  The tension between the two, both sexual and otherwise, is so thick you could cut it with a pair of shears.Art keeps doing his best to keep Raylan under wraps and out of trouble but Raylan will have none of that.  The supporting cast to this series are easily as good as the main characters.
When the pilot ended, I was already for the next episode.The music was great. Was interested in who was doing the actual playing. Hope Bernadette Peters is a regular.
I love to watch Oswald especially when I'm trying to calm a rowdy bunch. Call able lessons are learned in a peaceful way and I love how the Grands look both ways and say bleep at each head turn like they do on the show.
I loved this pilot! I can't decide if it is the refreshing storyline--instead of a crime or sports show, it is based on life in the symphony--or the inside look of what it means to be a musician. Any way you look at it, this show is a keeper! I hope they pick it up!
I'm a fan of this show's predecessor, "Inspector Morse," and I like the "Inspector Lewis" series even better.Morse was an eccentric, well-educated, sometimes difficult hero, with DS Lewis as an amiable assistant.  Sometimes, Morse's personality quirks got in the way of the plot and my enjoyment of the series.In "Inspector Lewis," I see similar chemistry. Lewis' assistant, DS Hathaway is the more educated of the two.  He brings added cultural, historical, and spiritual views and a quirky personality to the show. He's endearing in his perceptions and his occasional, youthful awkwardness.Lewis remains the lovable DI with the experience and the insights of a successful career, without becoming the curmudgeon that Morse sometimes seemed.  DI Lewis has retained much of his youthful exuberance and idealism.In this series, I appreciate the increasingly artistic views of Oxford and vicinity.  The chemistry among the characters seems richer and less distracting than in the first few seasons of Inspector Morse.The plots are more cohesively woven than the Morse series.  Some stories' implications are very dark and troubling, but offset by the next few episodes that treat social issues more lightly. (I like "cozy" mysteries, and started watching "Inspector Morse" and "Inspector Lewis" after enjoying shows like Midsomer Murders, Rosemary & Thyme, Poirot, and some Miss Marple series.)All in all, "Inspector Lewis" is a series I keep going back to.  I rewatch most episodes two or three times, and I feel that Laurence Fox's character -- and the depth of his acting skills -- lend a subtlety that makes this series more entertaining than some of the "Inspector Morse" episodes.  (I feel like a heretic saying that, but there it is.)On visual aesthetics alone, this show would earn my loyalty.  The added delight of interesting characters and compelling story lines makes this a five-star winner for me.
Great show. It is also a difficult TV show to quit and do something else that I have to do. It is worth spending time to watch the entire episodes.
Well put together, I don't believe not one curse word was in it.  Good actors, did their job well.  Although a good movie, I would not allow teenagers and children to view this movie.  Lot's of killing in it.  Not something I would want my child to dream about at all.  But, to the parents, it is okay to watch.
Love Vera and all her flaws.  She manages to pursue and persist until she is on the right track and solves the mystery with the help of her co-workers.  Stories are not cookie cutter but the theme is original and well written.
Great episode! This is a magnificent series which has received a great deal of acclaim. I missed this episode and therefore had to purchase it and see it in order to keep up.
Love this show!  Varied legal scenes that get you involved.  Simon Baker's role is so different than Mentalist -which I love.
Other than &#34;Southland&#34; few cop shows put one in the feel of the city of LA like this one. The acting, age, and collection of actors is great.  I especially like the lack of music during or as an introduction to dialogue. They can always ruin the show my sexing it up and dumbing it down.  Good luck with it otherwise. MM
This year is so fast-paced that I am constantly surprised by what is happening. The trend seemed clear, then BANG, the plot went another way. I am looking forward to more in February...
Again, a totally engrossing series that captures and holds your attention completely.  Heartbroken over the Mags character demise.  This is one of the best casts in TV today, each one and all.
This show has everything a TV viewer would want: excellent show with quality acting, directing and writing.
Awesome story, great love story, I'd like for Mary to end up with Bash.  They are just so good together
Start watching with season one to keep up with the story lines and follow up with second season to learn more of what is happening in the war to save mankind willing to protect the children as well as children taking up the fight as well to protect themselves and mankind.
Not quite par with the original Stargate SG-1 in my book but this was a good spinoff series that carried its own weight and did well with the stories.  I thought it ended the series nicely too.  Some last episodes can try too hard but this one did a decent job.  Overall I enjoyed the series and the characters were strong and people you cared to know.  I will say they were a little annoying killing off some lead characters but other than that good.
I have to see more now! I am not going to spoil for those who read the reviews first. I will say Great acting, LOVE the plot and they can do soooo much with it and I must know, I must!!! Please make this series I will watch every episode twice!
he first season was so great I watched the second in a matter of a few days, Good thing I was sick so I could have an  excuse to have my own marathon. As long as it keeps moving like it does I will continue to watch ..You will love it if you like Law stories and the legal system films very good,
This show is for you if you have an open mind. Some of the women you can relate to in some way or another. But some women can be a little out there. Not because they married who they did....but because some have issues. But there are some women who got it together, jobs, family they just....well like the saying goes sometimes you can't help who you fall in love with!!!!!
Season Three of "Veronica Mars" is often panned by critics and fans alike.  I start my review on that note not because I plan to dispel claims of a decrease in quality (creator Rob Thomas addresses these issues on the special features without dismissing them) but to let the fans of "Veronica Mars" know that they have absolutely nothing to worry about.  This is classic V. Mars.Veronica Mars, a show very centered on the high school setting, easily survives something that has killed countless shows:  The shift to college.  Hearst College is a great new location for the majority of the action of the series, giving us many new and interesting sets and a variety of new characters.  Though the show may suffer from too much focus on said new characters (namely Piz, a true tool) instead of established favorites (Wallace catches it the worst here), the lost points are gained back by the strength of the series.  Kristen Bell consistently giving a stellar performance as the titular Veronica.  Usually--I know this is true for a lot of people--the most captivating characters are the supporting ones.  However, Veronica is simply the best character the series has to offer and that's saying a lot, as the characterization in this series is almost always flawless.  With characters like Logan, Keith Mars, Dick Casablancas, Wallace, and Weevil, one can't go wrong.Changes were made (due to pressure from the Network), most notably the shift of the usual format of a season-long arc carried out through mostly standalone episodes to a very different kind of set up.  The season is instead divided into three different mystery arcs.  The first few episodes focus on a rapist on the Hearst campus, the next revolving around a classic whodunnit murder mystery, and the final five episodes (the weakest of the series) are essentially standalones.  They function well enough as standalones, but the strength of the series has always been in it's story arcs.Another plus about this season is the fact that Disc Six is packed with previews.  We get the never-before-seen pitch for what Season Four of Veronica Mars would have been (which never came to fruition, thanks to the idiocy of television executive Les Moonves) and more extras than you will know what to do with.  It is truly a shame that this intelligent series was cancelled, as it was easily one of the best shows I have ever seen.9/10
The is a very fun show. You just can't watch one. Great entertainment plus you always learn something as well.
This cartoon is hilarious and my grandson can't get enough.  It's his favorite show and one I don't mind watching with him.
I have wanted to start this series for a long time so have only did one season.  Hope to be able  to try some of the others.
I was amazed with these shows.  To think this is actually happening right now to our young men.  It is so sad and they are so brave.it makes you angry at war and proud of our men.  It made me want to put an end to all wars.  I couldn't believe how many injuries are from land mines which are so cowardly and devastating.  Watch it.
What geek couldn't love this show? And with the excellent writing, you don't have to be a geek to enjoy it. It's a must see for me.
And it just keeps getting better. Finally, putting Bones and Booth together has made it even more fun to watch. They are absolutely perfect for each other.
These guys are so funny.  I had just started watching the first serious maybe a month ago, and now I am finished with the second one.  I hope Season 3 goes Prime!!!!
Love the Characters and the story line. I started watching because Marc Blucas was in it, but soon got caught up in the story.
This is a good show. I really enjoy it. It keeps you in suspense. I would recommend it to watch.
I have been a Michael Connelly fan for years, and in particular enjoyed the Harry Bosch novels. Always a little over the top, hard drinking, hard working detective. In this pilot we are beginning to see and hear a little bit about Harry's previous life, what made him the man he is today, and from the looks of it, Harry was an abused kid, deep issues, not shared, until now.Titus Welliver, has become Harry Bosch, lithe, strong, grey haired, confident but signs of vulnerability. This is a winner, Harry does not suffer fools, and it shows. He is a good detective, and even though the police force may be flawed, they will try and support him. However, if this series goes as I think it might, Harry will become a Private Detective. The members of the police force are a myriad of characters, good guys and those who, well, you will find out. The women, all beautiful, some hang on, but Harry tends to be a one woman at a time man. His friends are the underdogs, the people he works for and with.This would be a must see series, hard driving man looking for justice. Bosch is out for the everyday man, and he takes no prisoners.Recommended. prisrob 02-07-14
It is a very funny and family friendly show.  You will never have to worry about allowing your children to watch.
Acting great!!!  Story fascinating!!  We looked forward to watching every epidsode! Love all the characters in this outstanding series.  Highly recommend!
This series is great fun!  Lots of laughs, and some interesting plot twists.  More intelligently written than the usual TV fare.  Susan Lucci is great as Genieve Delatour.  I enjoy all the maids but especially Roselyn Sanchez (Carmen Luna) with her beautiful voice and Dania Ramirez as Rosie--who has to cope with life as a maid to Genieve Delatour.  Evelyn and Adrian Powell are the couple you love to hate.  All in all, a great way to relieve stress after a hard day.
USA knows how to do summer television right. With hits like Psych and Burn Notice, it's difficult for the network to do any wrong. After tackling different sides of the law, USA decided to take on the unique and fascinating world of white-collar crime in their exciting new comedy police procedural White Collar.In White Collar viewers meet con man Neal Caffrey (Matt Bomer), a sophisticated white-collar thief who has finally been put behind bars by his archnemesis CIA Special Agent Peter Burke (Tim DeKay), an agent in the white-collar crime division. Just months before his parole comes up, Neal escapes from prison to track down his ex-girlfriend, Kate (Alexandra Daddario). Peter hunts him down, but finds that Neal may be helpful when it comes to solving white-collar crimes. After solving their first case together, Neal joins up with the CIA as a consultant and works with Peter to fight white-collar criminals.The centerpiece of the series is the hilarious relationship between Neal and Peter and the way they play off one another - basically bickering like an old married couple. Though I admit this relationship feel somewhat strained in a few episodes, it cleans up as the show goes on and the actors become more comfortable with the characters. Aside from Neal and Peter, the eccentric, quirky Mozzie (Willie Garson) constantly battles the pair for attention on scene and, honestly, occasionally wins. Garson's whimsical delivery and throughly developed character is one of the highlights of the show, and it'll be interesting to see how he continues to develop. Of course, you can't forget 90210 alum Tiffani Theissen as Peter's wife Elizabeth. Though she seems weak aside from some of the other characters, she's not the typical TV CIA wife and grows into her own lively character as the season goes on.Unlike the popular prime-time franchise CSI, White Collar focuses on sophisticated, high-end crimes such as art theft, forgery, fraud and embezzlement rather than violent crimes of passion.This allows for a fresh type of feel to police procedurals, rather than chasing criminals around New York or LA after discovering a murder, Neal and Peter put their heads together to unravel complex, sophisticated crimes that take a few more brain cells than the average murder.This three disc set is presented in 5.1 Dolby Digital surround sound, but only in English. Subtitles are available in English, French and Spanish.The bonus materials were pretty good for the first season of a new show that USA was taking a gamble on. They include DVD staples such as a gag reel and deleted scenes - my personal favorites - and a handful of features that include interviews with cast and crew and a discussion of the crimes that inspired the episodes "Pro and Con," "A Cool Cat in the Hat," and "Nothing But the Truth."White Collar is another wonderful series from USA that breathes a refreshing summer breeze into some exciting television. If you haven't see the first season, you should pick it up before diving into season two, or else you'll miss some important plot points. Don't let this white-hot summer series pass you by.
This gives a different light to DC vs the Netflix House of Cards. This is a very funny take on representatives that are about there daily lives as much as it is just trying to stay a rep. If you like House of Cards and wish to also get in on the funnier side of DC this is it.
I love watching Once Upon a time both on amazon and on TV every night and hope that the show would move on to a third season.
Violence, Sex, & some roughly based history, what is not to like about ROME?If you love spear and sandal movies this is one for you, its not as good as the newer Spartacus: Blood and Sand  but it is well worth watching. The story is believable, the acting is good, and there is fun action and adventure in it.As we keep stating; Violence, sex, & some roughly based history, what is not to like about ROME?
This is great for my grandchildren.  As an educator I know how important it is to encourage children to think and problem solve.  That is exactly what this show does.  My 22 month old twin grandchildren love it and it is the only show they are allowed to watch.
Good writing good characters and photography eyes plotline just a really good good show to watch  wish they were more shows like this
Great acting and plots. Eric McCormack is brilliant in portraying mentally illness. LaVar Burtan also gives a great performance. Story lines are always clever!I had to post another review of this show. Rarely are we educated at the same time as being entertained. I always learn something about the function of the brain that I did not know. A show that's a teaching tool. brilliant! David Paymer's acting on the episode called "Asylum" was so touching; the look in his eyes and his expression when he interviews his mentally ill client was that of a concerned and loving father. I've seen him in many movies but he deserves special acclaim for this performance!Shows are so cleverly written as they weave Daniel's illness with him crime solving hallucinations. Not merely another detective show as the entire cast gives fantastic performances. And Scott Wolf's acting; he hold's his own against Eric McCormack! The two of them together makes for very entertaining TV, along with providing great "eye candy" for the ladies!Best "crime show" on TV, highly recommend!!!
I was glued to the TV until I saw every episode in the series. We'll worth the time and money
Absolute amazing show. All the characters are great and well played. Archer is one of the best shows ever. Awesome!
Yeh, Mary was off her game. It was predictable after the comments of her growing boobs and increased appetite. I have been to Pennsylvania and been to Intercourse among a few other towns with hilarious names. I love this show. It has so much imagination; with every conceivable situation.
Of course is GREAT as always!! So worth paying what you do here to view past and current stories!!  No hassel to view as it can be on those (free view sites).  The fee really is nominal!!  A great way to  catch up if you miss a time or two!!
Even into the movie the first few minutes, I was pretty sure I was going to hate it.  Lousy acting, that cheap feel, but then things turned around on a twist and I was hooked for the long run.  So glad I stayed with it.  Delightful movie!  Absolutely delightful.  I can't write a review any better than the best 5-star review, so go read that one, or do the smart thing and just watch the movie.
Lark Rise to Candleford is worth a look see.  I quickly became engrossed in this wonderful period dramas. Only Downton Abbey can rivel it's quality.
Super good, grand kids love it!
We loved this season!  Now we are in for a long wait to follow Jax and the gang.  I like the relationship between Katie and Jimmy
I really enjoyed watching these episodes. Comedians stopping by and saying &#34;wow this is what happened to me and guess what I it kind of funny because I look at everything as being a little humorous.
I have to say, this season was one of my favorites, not knowing if Starbuck would comeback, Adama's will to continue on the search for earth,  Boltar's relationship with the Cylons, The Cylon Athena....where do I start.
The second season gets down and dirty. Yet the Zen flows. If you are a fan, you are a fan.
Cranford was an interesting story, not just because of its character study.  The story depicted many common facets of the personality even in today society.  However, true to its setting, death was much more a reality and practically an everyday occurrence than today.  I was struck by the great strides that have been made in the medical field for the lengthening of health and human life.  I was also impressed by the resilience of the human spirit to be over-comers in spite of pain and hardship.  This brought up the question:  Could our modern day society fare as well?  The series was thoughtful, entertaining and motivating.  I highly recommend it.  Bobs girl
Great acting; superb writing.  I actually am learning a great deal about relationships, resolving conflicts and forgiveness.  I'm appreciative of the learning curve I'm gaining from this show!
This season was the worst of the four, but it was still fantastic. The tension between Tapping and Dunne was unexpected and I didn't enjoy it. The family unit was disjointed and it made things a little difficult to watch at times. The stories are still great, though, and the ending is satisfying, so I've given it a 5-star. I would happily watch this again!
Amazon apparently wants us to rate these pilots to see which one(s) get made. Well, as far as I'm concerned, this is the one! Great acting, great story line. Tense, but with a good rhythm of action mixed with intrigue. I really want to see this series!
Wow, amazing acting, writing and story arches.  Like other reviewers, this one is a lot of fun and keeps you guessing.  Enjoy
I like the detail  in the artwork. I wish I could converse with animals. I liked that they moved around the world. It is for everyone.
Oh wow was not expecting the ending in this movie. Well done Tyler Perry.  Entertains and teaches lessons at the same time. The moral of the story is watch this movie.
Archer in the 4th is just awesome! Escapism at its best. This series only flaw is one day it will be cancelled and/or the writers will run out of material. The voices are casted very well. I have never been distracted by anything with this series. Archer is well directed, drawn and voiced. What more can I say? I downloaded the episodes that interest me and it seems that you need not have seen all in order to follow the series.Along with the Venture Brothers, Archer is worth following for good laughs! I really think it out class much of what is shown on tv with &#8220;live&#34; actors.Anyway, watch an episode or trailer. You will not be disappointed.
Will be so sorry when I finish this season. Seattle looks grittier than my own B'more did in The Wire. Love Linden. Love Holder.
Amazon should pick this show up if they are deciding to do so. I think it's suspenseful and it high lights very good energy though  out the show. I love anything that has do with apocalypses survival as a unit and a story that is believable you can't go wrong with it. A good scare and a good thriller will make the show last a very long time.
Backyardigans are all great. I have my favorites and my kids do as well. Not too bad on multiple viewings either.
What a satisfying surprise is Luther. So much television is predictable, flabby and oh so politically correct.  Luther is well written, sharp, twisted, different.  I loved this series - can't wait for season 2... Luther (played by Idris Elba) is magnificent in his crazed and passionate style and the sly, cruel, red haired villainess Alice Morgan (played by Ruth Wilson) is perfect. Can't say better!
There's a very simple guide to whether or not you should buy this season of Breaking Bad.  Did you see the other seasons?  Did you enjoy them?  If you answered yes to both of those questions, you want the final season.  If you haven't see the previous years, go check out the reviews for season 1 and decide if it's worth trying.The final season is a fitting finale to an amazing series.  The acting is superb, the writing is excellent, the plot will keep you from looking away.  Just click buy already!
When I first heard about Sherlock Holmes in New York City and Watson being cast by Lucy Liu, I was almost sure this would suck.  I was wrong.  Elementary has turned out to be a great show that is fun to watch.
This series was so heartwarming.  The setting was very beautiful and authentic to the time period.  The stories were very interesting and uplifting even though some one died in every episode.  The series made me laugh and cry.  It was a series that my husband and I watched marathon style....We couldn't quit watching.!!!!
I'm hooked, didn't think this series would interest me but when I saw that Charlie Hunnman was chosen to play Christian Grey, I decided to catch up on the previous season.  Looking forward to watching Season 6 now.
I gave it five stars because I thank it is a very good show to watch. it has real 911 calls that are acted out to see. I recommend this to everyone.
Well, you hooked me. When the show finished I really wanted to find out what is going to happen with both major issues presented in the pilot. I hope &#34;Herschel&#34; plays a bigger part in upcoming episodes, I love the actor and his character is perfect for him.
The entire series is bloody, disturbing, and revolting. Definitely a show worth watching but certainly not while you're eating. I look forward to the new episodes being released.
I enjoy this show I watched it on tv when it was at 9pm now it is at 10pm ugh
I was lucky enough to find this series of shows &#34;Sons of Anarchy&#34; ... the characters are unusual and each FIT the person exact .. the overall show is addictive to watch ... lots of events are shocking and a little hard to watch - but still a great show that I wish would continue.
I did not see the ads, maybe because I bought the season pass. OMG it was hilarious!  Yes that last scene, priceless!
another beautiful selection from BBC.  This is a warm friendly, fun look into life with a middle aged couple.  Their romance, family, and happenings makes for wonderful viewing
Carter is extremely good at drawing the audience in and not giving everything away.  This show is like that; you get interested and really want to see where it goes.  The various ramifications involved in this post-apocalyptic puzzler could keep this show going for years.  The acting and casting were superb.
If you still haven't seen this great show on FX you don't know what you are missing. You even have to root for Boyd sometimes.And he's the bad guy, with some redeeming qualities.This is not your run of the mill cop show. Far from it. Season finale was so good I am counting the months until Season 5. Long live Raylan.
I am not usually scared by watching Ghost Story documentaries, etc.  I believe in God and that the devil does exist, but these stories have a way of enforcing your own personal beliefs that one step farther into the reality that ghosts and haunting's exist and are in fact more common than I think most people could ever dream.  Just watching these 20 or less (true) stories, it makes you wonder how many thousands or perhaps hundreds of thousands have these encounters and NEVER document or get help or tell others about it, they either just leave the haunted local or get help discreetly.These stories are scary and I wouldn't recommend them to be watched by young children.  I remember how easily I scared as a kid and that was before they were able to make such convincing apparitions to enhance the documentary.  You be the judge, but I have to say these two seasons are as scary as they get from all I have seen so far in any other documentary.Thanks for reading my review. BOOOOOO!
The soundtrack is awesome. The acting is first rate. The story is convoluted. The show is so intense at times its hard to watch.
This was the most shocking, terrifying, heart-breaking episode of TV I have ever seen. I wasn't expecting the episode to take such a dark turn, so when it did I was literally on the edge of my seat, heart pounding, and hardly able to breathe. I couldn't sleep at all after watching the episode live and the episode haunted me for several days afterwards. The reason I give it 5/5 stars is because it takes a special kind of writing and a special kind of acting to make me feel like someone I care about could possibly die right before my eyes. It'll be a long time before I can watch this again, but wow. I don't think I'll ever forget it.
Rarely does a finale leave up to the awesomeness of the serious, especially for a show as brilliant as this.  But I can't imagine anyone being disappointed in this case.  Extremely well done.
This is one of the best series I've watched in a loooong time.  The characters are loveable, unforgettable and endearing.  I recommend this to all my TV-watching friends.
my daughter calls this show &#34;baby&#34; and asks for it frequently.  it's very cute and not a lot of noise or crazy animation, so it's good for the little ones.
All the seasons of this show has never disappointed. It  is favorite of mine. Cannot wait for the next season to begin. This show has everything that make shows great. Suspense, conspiracy, action, a few laughs. It is nice to see the actors bond and work so well together. Very entertaining and each show begs the question does our government have a machine of that caliber watching our every move?!
This show is going to be pure comedy.  This show is going to be what I had hoped &#34;Necessary Roughness&#34; wasn't.The actors and the character's that they play all interact well.  In the pilot, the action of the one animal had me rolling on the floor in laughter.  You just gotta know that this goes on in a minimized state in real football teams.  The players play with each other off of the field, perhaps not with all of this vicissitude than here in the show, but you never will know for sure.  You also have people whose charge is to clean up after the players messes.Go for it Amazon.
I'm a heavy metal buff, and I like anything that has to do with weaponry.  Total guys documentary for the soul.
I don't know why but I felt the need to purchase all these episodes because I can't stop watching them.  There is really no sitcom that I can watch over and over again like this one.  I basically have it as my background noise when I work...like it's music or something!  I love love love Nick Miller (Jake Johnson).  I'm a sucker for a good improv guy and he is just awesome.  This season has Nick and Jess together who are the best romantic couple since Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan.  I'm really looking forward to watching their relationship develop...even though it's obvious from way back in Season 1 that this would eventually happen.  Great show!
If you're taking it too seriously you probably won't enjoy it.  But the dialogue is so much fun, and the writing is effective enough.Watch it, it's good relaxation fare.
Longmire OMG I hope theres a number 3 please please please I will not could not get tired of this show.5 and more stars awsome
I love everything about this show. The storyline never fails to keep you captivated. I stay glued to the screen, I love how the action that you anticipate from beginning to end. Phenomenal show actors, and most of all writers. Can't wait to see the next season.
I love watching these shows but there are just some things that I would not do for any amount of money; and this is one of them. LOL.  Very entertaining.
Saw the pilot and hooked ever since, I found myself secretly smiling everytime I think of this pair, they are so cute together, Jay Ryan is my new obsession, Please CW pick them up for season 2 please...pretty please :)
I love every minute, every human entree, every psychological twist.Give this show your undivided attention or you will miss the fabulous (subtle) details in Hannibal's cooking, attire and art.If you don't want to pay for season 2 on Amazon, you can watch it on NBC online ( for free)
If you like MI-5 and its ilk, you should like this as well. Yes, the fight scenes are silly. No human being can get up and keep swinging after even the first or second hit. Other than this silliness, the series is quite fine. There is suspense and tension throughout and the cinematography was visually stimulating. Better than any American crap one can get stuck with.
just can't get enough of this series.  Love western themes. This Longmire isdone so so well!!
This is a great series. Fun to watch with an interesting story line. Of course, I never read comic books so I don't know how true it is to the source material. It's just fun!
In this series, good characters are sometimes bad and show serious flaws and the worst characters demonstrate heroics.  The exodus from New Caprica introduces a new dynamic to the series with the added complexity of character flaws in everybody.  I didn't like some of it but was always captivated.
loved the Closer... but was getting tired of Brenda Lee's outrageous skirtingof the law....  that was a great character.... but a bit shallow.....  Mary McDonnellis making it a serious believable role... i like her a lot.....
Great story awsome twist At the end. They need to run with this series. I cant wait to see how it can turn out
This is a good clean show for young people.  Finally a show with teens who can actually sing.  The stories are Some what silly but they are entertaining.
Just a great, off the wall, very well written comedy.  You get interested and invested in the characters and the show just continues to get better as you get to know everyone better and better.
I loved this season of 24. I loved almost everything about it, even the death scenes. I felt like nobody was safe, and anybody could die! I especially loved the episode where everyone is trapped in C.T.U. with the nerve gas everywhere. I also loved the surprise ending with Jack being taken hostage by the Chinese who were still after Jack from season 4. I highly recommend this season to all fans of 24. And I just saw the season six trailer. I've watched it over three times and I can't wait.
Ordered the Glee first season and love every minute of it. I am not a broadway song and dance guy but the clever fusion of music and story line in Glee makes it compelling TV. Give the show a chance and it will grow on you. Second season has also started off with a bang.
Cranford aka the Cranford Chronicles, based on Elizabeth Gaskell's story is a stellar production. It is a lush period drama and is very authentic in its portrayal of people living in a little hamlet called Cranford. The sets are beautiful as are the costumes, and of course the production is elevated to a level of excellence by its impeccable casting. Writer Heidi Thomas does a wonderful job of adapting Elizabeth Gaskell's story [purportedly based on Gaskell's own hometown] and though liberties are taken, the stellar cast more than makes up for whatever deficiencies there may be in the faithfulness of the adaptation. Dame Eileen Atkins [Miss Deborah Jenkins] and Dame Judi Dench [Miss Matty Jenkins] portray two spinster sisters in 1842 who live in the little town of Cranford. Far from being a quiet little hamlet, this little town hums with activity and village gossips, especially a Miss Pole [Imelda Staunton]who flits around from one hearsay to another, avidly passing on any little nuggets of gossip to the other inhabitants.Cranford is set aflutter by the arrival of a new doctor, Dr Harrison [Simon Woods] who is young, handsome, single and very much into trying new methods of treatment, to the initial consternation of the townspeople. Dr Harrison finds himself attracted to a beautiful local lass, Sophy [Kimberly Nixon] though he inadvertently attracts the romantic affections of other single women in Cranford. But the story does not merely focus on romance, as there are other more serious themes underlying the series. For one, there is talk of a railroad being built that would go through Cranford, and disrupt the idyllic life in the village, giving rise to the inevitable battle between modernization and the desire for things to remain unchanged. The local rich lady, Lady Ludlow portrayed by Francesca Annis is very much opposed to change, and not only opposes the railroad but also any form of societal change, such as literacy amongst the lower classes [she refuses to hire a maid who is literate, saying the girl's parents did her a disservice by teaching her to read].There is also the theme of lost love, death and grief. Miss Matty Jenkins[ Judi Dench] finds herself recounting the tale of her lost love [played by Michael Gambon]. This is what makes Cranford such an engaging viewing experience - the absurd [the story of the cat swallowing an antique lace and how the lace is retrieved] is interlaced with tales of poignancy and everything unfolds leisurely. It is a tale that we wish will never end, and hope to revisit again and again.
This review refers to "Building Pharaoh's Chariot." If you are interested in Ancient history, warfare, or inventions, you will enjoy this Nova episode. Experts recreate Ancient Egyptian chariots and harness, using one from King Tut's tomb and wall paintings, then test them. In the Bronze Age, Egyptians refined the heavy chariots of the other Near Eastern empires into fast, light, and well sprung vehicles that could be driven at a gallop and rain arrows on an enemy in a rapid approach and wheel attack. A must see for ancient military enthusiasts.
If you like COPS or any of the other criminal shows you will love this.  You get to see the criminal and hear their stories of how they eluded the police for so long.  On the run but the good guys win.
MATT SMITH IS MY FAVORITE CHARACTER AND DOCTOR DAUGHTERS DAVID TENNANT TO FUNNY,IT AND ANIME GIVES ME TIME WITH HER
Oh, man, SOA season 1 was off the meat rack.  Excuse me, I mean it was FLAWLESS!!!!  And the writers, directors and cast follow up with season 2 perfectly.  Someone wrote a review saying that they never thought they would like a show about outlaw bikers and I felt the same way.  However, the writing and performances are so GREAT that you just cannot deny that this show is addictive.  I am so looking forward to season 3 'til it's ridiculous.  I truly believe that The Linson's and Kurt Sutter will not disappoint for the 3rd. installment of SOA.  This is one FANTASTIC SHOW!!!!
I love the Nancy Drew style of this show. A twist to most Private Eyes by having a teenager solving what seems to be real crime on a teenager level. Learning from her private eye dad.. and seemingly real life situations on a college campus.
This is an excellent show. It is funny, educational and full of good recipes. Alton Brown is an excellent host. He explains the science of cooking while giving you some historical information on the dishes. Finally, he provides a step by step recipe for achieving great results. This is my favorite cooking show.
Love this show! A no-holes barred look into the pageant world.  It's amazing how much time, effort and money parents put into it!
Ok I must say I was blown away from the moment I started watching SOA. Every season draws you in more and more and season 5 did not disappoint.  I am huge fan of Charlie Hunman and think he is going to do big things in his career.  The writing on this show is totally from a different world than most Americans live in which contributes to the fascination of this show. Its grimy, gritty,  and has a under current of love and loyalty.
It is a great season and to watch the characters evolve over the years has been fun.  Amazon Prime makes it easy to catch-up on shows that you may have missed for whatever reason.Randy
I can't stop watching it. The acting is fantastic. The story is riveting. I can't say enough good things about this show. Just watch it for yourself. Jessica Lange deserves special mention for her portrayal of sister Jude. Haven't seen her since the 1960's King Kong. Where has she been? What a great actress.
Nice piece. Tight script, good acting, well-plotted. I'll watch more episodes, I look forward to getting into this world and getting to know a classic detective.
I've just finished the second season of London Hospital and there is no season 3... This is one of the best series I have ever seen. It is in a class by itself. We really, really need another season!!
My 2 year old granddaughter purchased this when she was supposed to be watching Amazon Prime selections but she loves these episodes so much I cant complain. It is educational and interactive.  Great for preschoolers!
SUITS IS THE ONLY OTHER TV SHOW THATCOMES CLOSE TO THIS ONE.  YOU  FEEL LIKE YOU ARE PART OF THE GROUP.  THE STORY LINE IS ALWAYS SURPRISING AND THE ACTORS BAT HUNDRED FOR EVERY EPISODE.  SURE HOPE THIS GOES ON FOREVER.  I ALWAYS RECOMMEND THIS ONE TO MY FRIENDS.  IT JUST FLOWS LIKE A RIVER WITH CURVES AND ROUGH WATERS AND A LOT OF HUMOR.  I WILL BUY EVERY EPISODE THAT COMES OUT.  CONGRATULATIONS TO THE CREATERS, WRITERS AND THE SUPERB ACTORS.  THE STUNT PEOPLE SHOULD BE APPLAUDED ALSO.  THE ACTION IS TOTALLY UNENDING.
First of all, police shows are not my genre. I have never watched CSI or Cold Case or anything like that.  I just find stories about murder very disturbing.  But this pilot got my attention right from the start.  There is so much going on here.  The main character, a homicide detective named, Bosch, is on trial for shooting a suspect.  He has also just become involved in a &#34;bone case&#34; that appears to have some deeper connections with his past.  The actor who plays Bosch does a good job of bringing humanity to a hard boiled, seen everything cop.  If this series gets picked up, I will definitely keep watching.
Season 2 is just as good as season 1. Still full of action and fun moments! Same great characters! Interesting storylines! Huge cliffhanger on last one!! Love it! Anxious to be able to watch season 3 when it comes available for free!
He was not the best choice for the part I do not think. Not the type to draw a lot of women to the show. It is like the heat of the night . They never figured out that all the women where tuning in to see Bubba not the star. lol My pop came in and said you gals watching Carol O conner and my mom and I both said at the same time No Bubba . and grinned at each other. And we had never said to each other that. lol
These people outdo each other on a minute by minute basis. Very quick repartee, smart and soooo entertaining. Love this show!
I hope to see more and more episodes of celebrity ghost stories in the future. It goes to show even famous people witness the unexplained and the paranormal!
We like the Bones episode because it is not a serial it is a new story with each episode- there is a beginning and a conclusion within that weeks story (few exceptions that carry over but very few).  I don't lie the soap opera scheme where nothing is ever resolved.  The story moves quickly.  The characters are interesting and the relationships are evolving which adds to the interest.
History is so important in knowing where we have been and where we are going.  I have thoroughly enjoyed watching and learning about the thinkers and doers who built America.  Since I was too young to know all the things that occurred years ago to bring such important ideas that launched the future of our country,  watching this has been extremely enlightening and interesting. I suggest if you haven't seen this, you should if you are interested in our country's history.  Opening our eyes to the past helps us understand how important men (women) with vision and means can have such an impact.  Highly recommend.
Whether you are a lover of psychological thrillers or just gritty action packed ones Luther provides enough for both. The character is the epitome of HUMAN and SUPERHUMAN in the same breath. I've not seen a show in a long time that portrays all the cracks and faults of being a human being and yet show the strength and conviction of a super hero in one person.You love him and hate him at times but you root for him every time. Villains are multi-faceted as well. Season 3 won't arrive fast enough.
Such a twisted tale, with such great casting and acting.  A very interesting look at the darker side of human nature and how people respond to it.
Prime Suspect is the reason Helen Mirren got an Oscar for &#34;The Queen&#34; and anyone who has not watched every Prime Suspect is doing themselves a disservice. This first season is probably the best, in my opinion. I watched them with my dad and we both absolutely loved it.
First, I wish I could rate a product, TV show or movie without having to write a full review for it.  That said, this series is very good.  It is well written -- not formulaic at all.  The plot, timing and characters pull you into caring about the main group of survivors.  The apocalypse is actually believable, if treated just a bit too quickly.  I'm now up to the fourth in this series.
I am enjoying this series.  Good Amazon Prime entertainment.  Saw a recent show on vacation while still watching Series 1 at home, and the changes from series to series weren't so drastic or too much of a giveaway when I got back home and continued watching the end of Series 1.  Recommend.
They need to do away with the teams voting for the ones who go to the Elimination Round.  There needs to be an objective way to do this that insures the final selection of Top Shot isn't just a connived &#34;top friend.&#34;Other than that it's a great program and one of our favorites.
Very interesting show that demonstrates valuable skills in a simulated emergency setting.  I really enjoyed watching both seasons and recommend them to others!
This is a great show with a great cast, and it immediately can count itself amongst USA network classics like Monk and MacGyver.  A funny, down to earth intelligence officer/agent has been "burned"  by his handlers (declared unreliable) and is confined to Miami where he must work under the table as an "investigator" while he figures out his situation.  Its not really that deep or ground breaking, but it works as an original series.Caveat, I saw this at the store for 39.99, regular price.  That is too high, don't pay more than what is advertised here.  Show is great, but you only get 11  42 minute episodes and the video quality is mediocre at best.  25.99 is a fair price.
It doesn't have any character development to speak of, but that's the point: all of the characters are archetypes and they all serve to tell a simple story about the nature of things.  In this case, the film largely deals with nature and subjective morality of revenge, but also touches on parent-child relationships (Julian's mother is kind of like Oedipus' mother), the way in which the cycle of violence affects us, and how justice is served and affects us in an abjectly cruel world.  While it touches on a lot of weighty subjects, the movie still doesn't say anything truly profound, save, that violence begets more violence but that justice will eventually be served.  On the quality of the film, it's what you would expect from Refn: immaculately composed cinematic images, brilliant use of color and mood and a moody soundtrack (from Cliff Martinez, who did Drive as well) which lends a certain intensity to the whole affair.  Overall, this a great movie which should be seen by any self-respecting cineaste.
Anthony is awesome! I really enjoyed the episode of Austin, TX. He showed a side that most people forget which is the hole in the wall restaurants that are good and also offer good service.
Prime ( free episodes ) is  only  on the ones I have seen but at least the sounds works. At least it's a step in the right direction.
Both my wife and I enjoy this show immensely! It's tough to find shows that everyone in the family will watch.
Exciting action and an honest to goodness American hero you can enjoy!
Overall the story and progression have moved exceptionally well. Some parts I did not care for but overall the threads were woven together so well that I can leave things I did not like to the side of the road and enjoy the whole. looking forward to season 3.
I've always liked Mr. Olyphant. The character he plays in this show is the perfect mix of a-hole and gentleman. Its a fun show to watch!
it took a few episodes to really get into the rythem of this series. From the start anyway I was definately addicted. But by the end of seaon 1 I knew this is the kind of television that goes far beyond the typical material. It's powerful stuff. By season 2 of found my self so additcted that I couldn't watch less than 3 episodes at a time. I've seen every season of The Sopranos, and every season of 24, and up until I discovered this series I thought TV couldn't get any better, but I was definately wrong. This is riveting story tellling. The tension, realism, originality, and creative visuals makes this probably this best series I think I have ever seen on TV. At times gut wrenching. Other times brutally realistic. And at other times suprisingly heart touching. Never predictable and always absolutely top notch and exciting story telling. Its bold, powerful and simply unlike anything you've ever seen before. Season 1 was grade A, but season 2 is so completely astounding it's hard to imagine anything coming close to the masterful achievement this series had acomplished. It's simply breathtaking story telling I can't recommend enough., This rates as the best in television hands down. Fantastic visuals, incredible writing, and might I be as bold to say that Vince Gilligan is truly a gifted writer and director. This is simply an astounding achievement in film making, Be it television or motion pictures. I can't recommend this series enough.
There have been Onion News TV Shows before, and they've been great. But the decision to give the show an actual plot instead of simply having a fake news broadcast made me a bit weary. Turns out it totally works though. This means they can not only spoof the news, but also use an overarching plot to spoof shows like 'The Newsroom.' It's typical Onion humor in the sense that it's manages to straddle the line between events that are part totally outlandish and part sadly possible. Really hope to see more of Onion News Empire.
When this show originated, I never expected it to last.  As it progressed, I became hooked on trying to evaluate the various items brought in.As the show progressed, my opinion of the blue-collar, poor grammar guys in the shop really upsurged.  They really know their history and business.  From fine art to antique artifacts, these guys are truly knowledgeable way beyond the poor knowledge demonstrated of their native language.The show is compelling, kind of like a poor man's PBS Antique's Road Show.
If you are a fan of true crime then this is a show for you. Follow real life Indianapolis detectives as they collect clues, eliminate suspects, interrogate criminals and ultimately charge them with murder!
After watching the first three episodes of Nashville, I can definitely say that Nashville is worth the hype it received in promotion. Excellent writing, acting, music and storylines. Nashville has it all.The characters are well developed with what first appear to be stereotypical stock characters flowering into aching, yearning human beings. Deacon in particular doesn't do what the viewer expects. The setting is original and well captured as well and a refreshing change of pace from the usual doctor, lawyer and police procedurals. The music runs the gamut in country styles from classic to pop and is a real addition to the show and I say this as a person who isn't necessarily a fan of country music...but I love this. A home run for ABC.
I appreciate technology and seeing the dreams fot the future.  I will watch additional Extreme Engineering seasons.  thank you for tne presentation.
I'd heard various reactions to this film, some very positive, some negative, both commenting on how confusing and strange it was. David Lynch and Eraserhead were thrown around as comparisons.Under the Skin is a slow-burning SF-Horror film that's closer to Kubrick's meditative pace on 2001 and A Clockwork Orange, with the realistic, semi-improvised dialogue of Gus Van Sant's Elephant and Gerry.Scarlett Johanssen plays one of two aliens who has taken human form. Just how alien they are cannot be fully appreciated until the second or third 'seduction'; {**SPOILER**) leading her would-be suitor into utter blackness, leaving a trail of clothes behind as she undresses, the unfortunate victim stumbles forward and sinks into the black, like a sabertooth tiger chasing its' prey into a tar pit. Others are visible for a time, and so is she, walking across the surface meters above. In a particularly haunting moment, two victims try to make sense of whats happened to them, and reach for one another in desperation, until one of them implodes in a shockingly violent manner that leaves nothing but his skin behind, like a discarded wrapper. The black liquid is the alien life-form, 'digesting' humans and absorbing their consciousness along with their bodies. With each instance, she becomes more and more human. From an insectoid disregard for human suffering, she eventually appears to take pity on one of her would-be victims, letting him free. But when the male alien hunts him down and kills him, cleaning up her mess like a worker drone, she leaves on her own, and ends up in a relationship with a kind-hearted man who takes her for a girl on the run... which she is, sort of. Things take a disquieting turn for all parties, resulting in a violent conclusion to the alien entities who have shaped themselves from the communal intellect that is the black liquid. [**END of SPOILERS]Under the Skin is mesmerizing at times, with beautiful cinematography that make certain sequences, the 'black widow' scenes (pun intended, but it's very apt) in particular, seem dreamlike, hallucinatory. But as far as truly strange films go, this is not anywhere near the top of the list. It's actually quite simple -- an incredibly alien form and intelligence produces two doppelgangers by reshaping itself, and sends them out to acquire experimental subjects. As the female doppelganger spends time in this new world and new body, it begins to develop the qualities of an human individual... until it hits a wall, so to speak.While I didn't find the film confusing, and I don't think it could be compared to a film like Mulholland Drive or Lost Highway, both of which are like Russian Nesting Dolls of narrative and meaning, Under the Skin is certainly open to multiple interpretations. Director Jonathan Glazer has created an ambiguous and poignant science fiction art film, which is always dangerous territiory. The few examples that exist, however -- 2001, The Moon, Solaris -- usually take advantage of the existential nightmares and metaphors that space travel so readily implies (the womb, birth, death, nothingness, nihilism, isolation, etc.). Under the Skin takes the viewer into terra incognita, gives us a glimpse of the truly alien as it absorbs, and is finally absorbed by, humanity.One of the other comments that surprised me after seeing this movie was that 'Scarlett Johansson must really regret doing this movie'. I hope not. I don't think there's anything to regret about Under the Skin. I'm a huge Lynch fan, and this is not imitation-Lynch. This is a quietly disturbing look at humanity through alien eyes, and it's one of the most unique and haunting fims I've seen in a while. If you need your movies to smash every idea into your brain with a hammer, there's a sequel to 300 out on Blu-ray, and it only sucked half as bad as I thought it would.
One of the best shows on TV. Can't wait for the new season. You never know what crazy &#34;Scandal&#34; will pop up next.
Never seen grim before until amazon offered on the stream service. looked into it and its a great series.  Amazon is on its way up with its streaming services, quality is great. Look out netflix
Enough of these whiny men! Jane showed sass, guts and verve. Do not cross a beauty queen!  I want to see more of this!
This was really good. It was like a mix of Necessary Roughness and Major League. It was cast very well and while the story runs through some well tread Sport-Movie/Show ideas it is really well written and makes you want to see more.
What makes this show stands out from others is it vividly shows how as a couple, criminals have more success or more motivation to commit crimes. They truly feed on each otherGenerally speaking, it is terrifying, disgusting but it is not suspenseful as other similar shows such as Nightmare Next Door because it reveals the murderers&#8217; identity in the first 10 minutes.Episode &#8220;The Perfect Couple&#8220;depicts Paul Bernado and Karla Homolka. It is horrifying, and repugnant to see the perpetrator escalate from raping to killing. It is shocking to see how incompetent the local police was. The searched the killer&#8217;s house for 71 days but they did find nothing did not find the tapes that linked him to the murders.Episode &#8220;Madness of Two&#8221; shows a retired couple, Derek and Nancy Hasom found brutally stabbed to death in their home. When the true identity of the killer and mastermind was revealed, it was shocking.In episode &#8220;Mother Knows Best&#8221;, David Kazdin&#8217;s body was found in a dumpster. I was extremely scared after finding out the victim was killed because he refused to take part in a crime even though he did not hang out with the bad guys. It was startling to see Sante Kimes and her son Kenny Kimes graduated from check frauds, and grand larceny, to murder.Episode &#8220;Our Little Secret&#8221; is very unsettling. Police prosecuted a nurse aid, Gwen Graham, for murdering multiple patients based on only the words of a pathological liar, Cathy Wood. There was no hard evidence!Episode &#8220;Hearts of Darkness&#8221; is the strangest and most brutal of this season. A teenager killed 2 people and committed other crimes with her husband.  I could never guess she was a murderer.In &#8220;Murder at Twilight&#8221;, a senior couples were killed people for small financial gain. The killer&#8217;s method used to cover his tracks is sophisticated to me.In &#8220;Death on the Sunset Strip&#8221;, two teenage runaways were found shot to death near a highway ramp. The story regards the killers was strange, and twisted. Nobody suspected the male killer at first. He&#8217;s intelligent, educated, and mild-manned on the outside.
It is a pleasure to see what really creative people can come up with. ( I only wish there were more openings for makeup artists, so I could encourage one of my super intelligent but off- the- wall grandson to take it up as a profession.  Maybe I should anyhow.)
This is the best spoof on Washington politics that I have ever seen.  The characters are almost over the top but that makes them so amusing.  The cast is top notch and they mimic situations we have all heard about in the news.  The characters also mimic those we all hear about on a day to day basis but the difference here is that you can laugh at them.  I am looking forward to the next season.
My baby loves this cartoon. Color are bright and vibrant. I don't like that after she watches it she then starts talking gibberish like George.
The two families move to the country. Never saw that coming! Different take on the show as now it's not  "city life."
I'm so sad this show is going by-by.  This is the last season.  Current season is centered around a future world where dictators dominate and the 'watchers' are in control.  They are emotionless creatures who are able to read thoughts so there are no secrets, unless you learn how to block them.  The 'watchers' are also able to predict future events so they are able to maintain control.  Another show with a well cast group of actors.  Thoroughly enjoyable show.  Well rounded characters.  Highly recommended.
Boyd, Rylan and Cast are Great entertainment. Watched  an interview with Author (who passed away) and the producer with Rylan. Enjoy while you can 6th Season will be the last!!
This series just keeps getting better.  The characters are evolving and every show keeps me guessing as to what the aliens really want.
I am currently trying out Amazon Prime's 30 day free trial.  I hadn't heard of this movie but love the work of the two actors staring in the it so I gave it a chance because what the heck-it was free.  It was such a fun movie-I just ordered it on dvd for my own collection.  Bear in mind, most of my dvd collection is scifi, drama, action adventure, swashbuckling, and horror movies, with a few fun movies mixed in from time to time.  This one made it to the list of must haves.  As far as that goes, Amazon Prime became a must have as well but that is for a different review.  A hint though-bye-bye, Netflix.
I really like this series the story line stays fresh and the acting in this series is great. Keep up the good work.
Had never seen Duck Dynasty before, but both my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the Duck Dynasty season 1 episodes.  The entire cast are natural comedians, and we laughed and laughed.  To us, it was pure enjoyment, and we quickly became fans of the program.
It may be that aliens are making this show to mis direct us :) but it is a lot of fun :)
EVEN THE RAIN (Tambi&eacute;n la lluvia) is a brilliant metaphor of a story written by Paul Laverty based on an actual event and directed with considerable skill by Ic&iacute;ar Bolla&iacute;n, the great Spanish actress, writer and director. This film is one of those rare 'docudramas' that bring to light historical 'secrets' that beg to be shared. In 2000 an American water company bought the water supply from the Bolivian government and the citizens of Bolivia were banned from collecting rainwater which had become corporate property. This resulted in a violent protest against the government by the indigenous Indians and the citizenry of Cochambamba, Bolivia who claimed their rights to the natural gifts of nature - even the rain. Laverty and Bolla&iacute;n expose this injustice through a well-conceived story within a story.Spanish film director Sebasti&aacute;n (Gael Garc&iacute;a Bernal), his cynical producer Costa (Luis Tosar), and crew including Ant&oacute;n (Karra Elejalde) have come to Cochabamba, Bolivia to shoot their film about Christopher Columbus (played by actor Ant&oacute;n - Karra Elejalde) and his first explorations, revealing the way the Spaniards treated the native Indians: Costa has chosen the place because he can get cheap labor in using local actors and extras to keep within the small budget of the film. Sebasti&aacute;n is the compassionate one who wants the Indians treated well, hiring a mouthy young Indian named Hatuey/Daniel (Juan Carlos Aduviri) when he claims he and his family are being unjustly overlooked as actor candidates. The filming goes well, with the exception of some minor glitches for particular scenes the Indians find too dangerous, until a conflict develops over the governmental privatization of the water supply. Daniel becomes an activist against the government who plan a 300% increase in price of water - the average daily income for the Indians is $2. a day! - and the conditions in the city become unfriendly for the film to continue. Bloody violence and chaos breakout and many citizens are being killed or jailed. It is at this point that the caring Sebasti&aacute;n finally decides that he and his crew must flee, and with some role reversal, Costa stays behind to protect Daniel's family.According to Bolla&iacute;n, 'It was the gold 500 years ago, and now it's the water, which is the gold of the 21st century. Before it was the Crown of Spain and the pope who approved the conquest. Now it is the new theologians, the IMF and the World Bank. Again it's the word from above, saying, 'This is right.' The Spanish filmmakers in the film-within-a-film are caught in the middle. They have the attitude of neo-conquerors - they go there because it's cheap. But they're also trying to make a film that casts a different look on the conquest. And it's an adventure.'Iciar Bolla&iacute;n directs this epic film with great dignity and with a keen observation of how history, even inadvertently, repeats itself. The cinematography by Alex Catal&aacute;n and the musical score by Alberto Iglesias add immeasurably to the film's success.  The cast of extras is exceptional and very well directed. Both Gael Garc&iacute;a Bernal and Luis Tosar deliver intensely considered performances as does Juan Carlos Aduviri as the key central figure Daniel. Hopefully this film, nominated for Best Foreign Film in the 2010 Academy Awards. In Spanish with English subtitles. Grady Harp, May 11
The &#34;Justified&#34; Series is unusual and intriguing in its context and characters. Top-notch acting and videography! An amazing feat of cinema art!
I liked the first season and the next two do not disappoint you. My husband really likes this tv show.
After watching the first two seasons of The Killing and being completely on our toes the entire time as to who the "killer" actually was until the very last episode of season 2, we were very excited to see it had been renewed for a third season. As I said, the first two seasons are all about the same murder and they are trying to find the killer. Season 3 is now about a new murder with a new killer. I am wondering if they will drag this out to two seasons as well or just one now that the show is rolling. Either way, we don't mind. I don't say "drag" negatively by any means. It is a great show and there's never a full episode. They do a great job at keeping you drawn in the entire time!
I am so happy that Curious George is such a hit in our family!  The show is educational and fun!  The bright colors, music and characters always draw the entire family in!
Oh  boy this is probably the best season yet....Its got everything a super secret agent wants..Opening up at the SPA, back stories  on Cadillac Ron and  Archer's &#34;DAD&#34;  to  blowing up Bourdaine and  going under the Sea!  Its a magical mystical  wondrous journey that does not end...the real downer lately is that  with all that is happening in the  middle east ISIS now  has a real world meaning . But  I'm sure there  will be an episode or two around that as well. The cast is awesome with  never a dull moment. I whizzed by  the 13 episodes  and was impressed with the continued graphics and  attention to detail and continuity throughout. I am  impressed ..next up VICE!!  Until next time  from  the  Danger Zone...
There are several new question at the beginning of this new season. I'm really excited about it and ready for more.
This show is so much fun and has lots of interesting characters that anyone who watches it will not be sorry they did so. Timothy Olyphant is Excellent in the title role as a US Marshall. He is fun and leads a cast of wonderful characters that will make you want to watch the whole series, every episode and come back for more. I Love This Show!!!
this show is like two shows in one...one about Ollie's captive years on the island and the present day....always suspenseful and the eye candy abounds!
I love the story line, the acting and the dialogue. This is a brilliant series and I hope lots of people get to see it.  The only little problem my husband and I had with it is that it is slightly difficult to understand because of the British accents.  It's worth the inconvenience to watch though.
i loved this show my mother in law showed it to me and i got addited and i cant wait untill the next season comes out.
This is classic television at its best. There are every so often, special people that pass through the world that find their niche, love that they did, and have a wonderful time sharing that love and knowledge with others. Julia is one of those rare people who get you excited about what excites them, and you are the better for it. No spin, no politics, no BS, just a gentle, lovely, brilliant woman teaching you everything you need to know about French cooking, and so much more. Simplicity at its best.If you're under 40 go have a fast burger somewhere; you probably won't &#34;get&#34; this show - it's slow, it not about YOU, and it's black and white - what's to like?If you're over 40 or retired, bon appetite!
Enjoyed the episode, not too much to make u think but plenty to make you laugh, which is why you watch a comedy for in the first place. Would definitely watch it again.
what it would look like if the &#34;royal tennenbaums&#34; and &#34;six feet under&#34; had a drunken moment and begat a bastard show. and i mean that in the best possible way. i hope this one continues.
Good action and keeps you watching the show.  The detective is very troubled but he is good and just got a bad rap. Will keep watching the show.
Have always enjoy Dean and Sam watch every season, this new season is very different from previous episodes. Really enjoying Castiel trying to be human and finding out what hurts.
I am very happy that we have a season 4 with Lost Girl. The show is exciting and interesting.The episodes are well written and the actors are perfect for the parts they play. Especially Anna Silk and Zoie Palmer. I would highly recommend this show to anyone who is interested in seeing plots and acting that are more exciting and interesting then most of the shows on television. Watch it and you will see what I mean.
Awesome show! Awesome Writers/Directors! Awesome budget! Awesome Story Line! This will be the best Lost. I recommend this show to all!
This season was great.  Renee needs some professional help.  Alesha and Natalie brought a little something new to the table but Big Ang and Darita are the bombs and they make the show worth watching.
This series is about missing people.  It is not about solved missing persons cases.  It is typically about people who are still missing.  There are so many missing people--people who just vanish and are never seen again--missing without explanation or reason at all.  I'm glad this series calls attention to their cases.  Having searched for two missing persons myself (Elizabeth Smart and Lori Soares), I understand the frustration of the search.  Fortunately there was resolution in both cases I searched for, but there are so many other cases which are not ever solved.  Shows like this keep them in the limelight.
Wish they had continued on with this.  Husband, sons and I all enjoyed the series.  Great story line.  Seems plausible.  Makes you think.
Loved this show. I hate that it was cancelled. I like the shows theme and the smart people. All the members are smart. I love it. No stupid-b----e style.
This is a true cult following show that creates buzz and fandom that even if it's not one's thing it would be hard to deny its potential as a flagship to draw in customers to Amazon Prime .That said it is hard to say where this show is going or what it's Truely about. It's a rollercoaster of momentum that moves on faster then one can grumble about its few b movie moments that are more time honored genre tounge in cheek style then bad directing. It is one worry that this show will not live up to this momentum and trip into melodrama. Watching thisI felt like I was watching a movie far more then a tv show.Underneath I feel this show addresses the topic of a modern connected world and the loss of face to face social relations, who are we if you and 7 facebook friends you never met are stuck together in a blur of humanity that seems so self absorbed they are static to one's reality. It's not so much a deep thought as it is a seat for the ride this show seems to offer.
I very much enjoyed getting to know the characters in this drama. Good to see something that isn't dotted with blood and mayhem, but with good story lines and character development.
If you are looking for dramatics go elsewhere, but if you like informative, intelligent documentaries about forensics this is a good one.  I learn something from each show.  If you are interested in how they figure out what happens in a crime scene or an accident this is a good show to watch.
I really love watching The Originals. I think the main reason why is because Joseph Morgan is an excellent actor. He is a real actor. You don't see that a lot anymore in television shows. I have three favorite shows that I watch weekly and The Originals is one of them. And I do believe it is becoming my favorite. I feel that the people that put this show and the Vampire Diaries together (Writers, Directors, Casting etc.) really know what they are doing. I love watching Joseph Morgan work. You love his character then you get mad when he does unspeakable things the two minutes later you forgive him and your in love with him again. And not to leave out the rest of the cast. They do a great job as well. They are the reason I am counting the hours down on Tuesday until it is 8:00 so I can watch the show. And my kids no not to disturb me and for goodness sakes don't answer the phone during that hour I'm watching my show. LOL
I absolutely can't get enough of the Vera series and hope it continues for a long, long time. I first found it on _____ and had a wonderful marathon, have since found more series here on Amazon Prime - yay!For those of us who love quiet escapism, this is a series for us. Dark, moody, atmospheric, soulful bits of music enhance scenes (rather than overpowering to compensate for a lack of content). Beautifully well done._________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________Oh my gosh, for those of you who dislike dark, moody and atmospheric, stay away from the fabulously dark and wet set-in-Seattle series: The Killing - it's FABULOUS for those attributes! I have no self control and sat and watched an entire season in two days and now have to wait a whole year until they produce the third season - aughh. Oh, well...I can always watch again starting from Season 1, Episode 1 - it's a twisty, turny I-KNOW-who-did-it, but aha! - I never do!__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________I live in the US and here are some of the British series I watch with a delighted eye for the extra added bonus of VISUAL CONTENT of countryside, village life, clothing, decor, lifestyle, just plain charm (aside from, or in addition to actual story, characters or content) I'm not one who goes for the opulent high class loads of money castles, etc. unless they're land rich, cash poor old manors slightly dilapidated and interesting:Poirot: Very clean, stark and precise Art Deco - a totally different feel from my other favorites, but just as enjoyable visually - excellent attention to detail!Midsomer Murders has mostly beautiful, blue skies with high white clouds, rolling green fields, absolutely charming cottages and villages. So many places I'd love to see in person. [Unfortunately, I can't stand the characters of Tom's whiny wife and smug daughter.] Light series despite all the murders and boy howdy there are many, lol! I also love the long length of these.Doc Martin: beautiful, seaside village life! Blue skies, green hills and fields, narrow lanes, delightful cottages and short ceilinged century old houses. I want to live there.Ballykissangel: same as above and I want to live there, too. Cute little old, old, old, cottages.
Same B-Day now that is a good twist on the matter. I just wonder what will the rest be like.
My girls love Team Umizoomi!  Every episode has something for them to learn that involves math and patterns.  Cute and educational.
My son loves George...actually learns quite alot of things from this show...great for little tykes...wish there were more though. He watches them over and over again...
This is a very well done quasi history, an imagining of what life may have been like for the Vikings, sort of like Deadwood with swords and shields. What is fascinating is the way these people lived and the contrasts with the sixth century British clans. I question the accuracy of some of it, the Vikings were known for very strong clan ties and elected leaders and i don't buy the emphasis on human sacrifice.So far i've seen ten episodes, i hope they make more, despite it's faults this is head and shoulders above &#34;reality&#34; programming!! This is a welcome break from the garbage we've been getting from TV lately.
Amanda Tapping has created a futuristic (but realistic) show. I wish it had gone on longer (Boo to the networks for cancelling it!). Thank you for 4 wonderful seasons of creativity.
This truly is a great Western.  Walt, the widowed sheriff, runs a quiet town, a believable town.  Henry, his closest friend, runs a bar.  Together they make up the yin and yang of their county.  Familiar faces often show up but this series is far from stale.
I have enjoyed every episode of all three years of this show and am happy to own all three seasons. Each episode is extremely well made and continues Mr. Olyphant's Lou Gehrig like record of appearing in only excellent movies and television shows. I have yet to see anything that Mr. Olyphant has appeared in that wasnt superb from "Hitman" to "Crazies" to the Justified Television Series.Of course this years episodes as well as the two preceeding it come with my highest recommendations. View everyone if there is any way for you to do so.
It was getting iffy there for a while. I had actually quit watching it after the 6th season. I caught some 7th/8th season episodes here and there, enough to know what was going on in the 9th but the 9th definitely pulled me back in. If you're an Arizona fan, you'll get plenty of her. I also love the April and Jackson storyline. Meredith and Derek have new things going on. Cristina is still hilarious. I say give this season a shot.
There have been no episodes of Grey's Anatomy in which we have found faults. We are totally addicted. We prize character development over almost anything else. Grey's Anatomy is a winner.
After five seasons of watching this wonderful show, I was pleased to see how theyended the story. It was absolutely moving and touching.
I had forgotten how great this show was. I start watching this show when it first came on. Then because of work and other stuff I missed the last 3 seasons.
I loved the story lines - well written, developed, and carried from episode to episode. I was completely blown away by the gorgeous photography of classic and modern European sites. Placing this series internationally was a stroke of genius! Paris, Rome, oh my! The team members of this elite crew of top notch investigators meshed beautifully and each character was given their own exposure, quirks and sins all. I have been a Donald Sutherlan fan forever and was so glad to see him in this in his patriarchal role. William Fitchtner has really come into his own in this show - marvelously mature acting of a decorated police officer fallen into the depths of drug addiction after a maiming gunshot wound in the line of duty. He displays the high intelligence, self-pity and pathos of his character all at the same time he is climbing out of the depths he has sunk to. His slow recovery is agonizing to watch as it is very realistic. Marc Lavoin is mesmerizing in his role as Louis, the head of this international crime fighting unit. When his own personal tragedy is revealed it is heart breaking. The rest of the team is equally talented. I like them all and hope to hell-o the folks at NBC are bright enough to pick this up for Season 2. I am eagerly looking forward to its continuance.
The perfect ending for this zany series.wraps up every single character and five years of storyline in this last season
This is a series that was cancelled before its time.Two great years of episodes.The series had a great cast of actors, stories, special effects, and music.It is different from the other SG series which I enjoyed too; however, SG:U is my favorite one of the SG series.Watch and enjoy!
MY HUSBAND AND I LOVE THIS SHOW, BUT HATE THE WAY THEY AREDOING ALOT OF SHOWS NOW..??????....WHY????  YOU GET ENVOLVED,THEN IT'S OFF FOR SAY 6 MOS, THEN THEY GIVE U A &#34;CATCH UP&#34;,  THENSOME &#34;NEW&#34; SHOWS THEN....HERE WE GO AGAIN.  &#34;UNDER THE DOME&#34;IS ANOTHER NEW ONE...SAME ASPECT....&#34;GRIMM&#34;!!!!!!!...SAME...MAD!!!!*****WHAT IS THEIR PROBLEM????*****  IT'S GOOD WE ARE FAITHFUL WATCHERS!!!!
Wasn't too sure about this one, especially since it was an MTV show and I think I'm past the MTV stage, but I loved it.  The characters are real, they are quirky, the writing is fun.  By the time I finished it to the last season available to view, I couldn't figure out which character I loved the most.  Funny show, looking forward to seeing the next season.  Thanks Amazon for carrying this!
In case you aren't familiar with the show, this is the final season DVD set.It's a TV show that lasted 10 seasons and gave the viewers a realistic world of science fiction that often made you think if it's really fiction.Imagine finding an ancient artifact that allows you to travel light years away to another planet and explore the unknown. What you discover is fascinating, exciting and dangerous; We are not alone and we are not as advanced species as we once thought.I've been a Stargate SG-1 fan since the beginning.This DVD will complete my collection as I already seen all the episodes.  This is for my personal archive of what I consider the best Science Fiction show.I have been a long time fan of Science Fiction.  I watched various Star Trek Series, Space 1999, The Avengers, Doctor Who, just to name very few.I loved them all for what they gave me; a momentary escapism.  They all have given me a place where I can immerse myself and enjoy the wonder of another place and time.Then came the Stargate SG-1.  I'm sure many will argue what is the most influential SciFi of all times.  But if you ask me what show gave me the most satisfying and lasting impression as the best SciFi, it's Stargate SG-1.I have to thank the writers and the chemistry of actors who made it the most enjoyable show.
Tired of all the depressing stuff.  This was a refreshing change.TV needs less of the gore and more of fun and good over evil.
Almost done with the series and have enjoyed it.  Gets a little melodrmatic at the end.  But, of all the spy-guy-shoot-em-up series I've seen the past year or two, this one is a little more clever.
This show has proven itself to be top-notch entertainment repeatedly.  Excellent effects.  Perfect acting from a stellar cast.  Believable science fiction ideas, futuristic settings, and lifestyles.  The plotting has been well-paced, interesting, and full of enough action.The characterization is done well--especially the differentiation between the two main series of robots.  In short, you really do care for Kennex and Dorian.  Both these actors bring their characters to life so well that you suspend disbelief immediately.One thing this show does unexpectedly well is integrate comedic dialogue and situations.  You'd never think a show based on serious science fiction could have this much heart.  It is developing an odd futuristic buddy cop dynamic.Another thing this show does well is reveal unexpected but plausible abuses of technology.  The storylines and conflict possibilities on this show are nearly endless.  Cannot wait to see what they come up with next.Good stuff.  Buy it if you love science fiction, action, cop movies, or just plain entertaining stories.
I enjoyed this show a lot and am so very disappointed that it was canceled after 4 episodes. What about the rest of the episodes that won't air? How to we see those? Gotta say I'm sick of tv shows being canceled before they have a chance and other tv shows staying on for years that totally suck. No it wasn't the original Ironside but I think that was the point! I really liked it!
I really enjoyed this show. The cast did a great job interacting. It had humor romance and action. Well worth watching.
I like to explore the knowledge that is available from many sources. This series brings most of that knowledge to the forefront. All the theories and combines them to make a picture of what we suspect to be real. You will see as you progress through the episodes how much our science has changed in just the seasons this series has been on. They have a way of presenting the information to where it is interesting and engulfing. This series will keep you interested if you are into the science.
In Short: The Originals are the first 3 of their kind. The original vamps. Klaus is the mean, moody, slightly insane eldest. Elijah is more grounded and compassionate. Baby Sister Rebekah is adored by both. The siblings reunite in New Orleans and take in the new reign and vamps made by Marcel.This is the best vamp series available for adults right now. All the others are centered around teens, except this one! Though it is a spin off from the popular &#34;Vampire Diaries&#34; teen television series. It couldn't be any more different. Aside from the supernaturals involved, the two can't compare.Elijah drives me crazy. I find him to be very honorable, but the way he talks just wears me down! Klaus is great. He is so easy to despise and then, as the saga unfolds, you start to see something there. The season finale completely changed how I look at him. Little sister is very interesting. She comes to blows with Klaus more than once in her fight for freedom.Very enjoyable TV program. I am anxious to see what happens next season!
My son is 9 and LOVES the Wild Kratts. These are 2 funny guys who have a great time with animals. They don't dumb it down or use irritating repetitive songs so I've found myself taking a break and enjoying an episode here and there also. I strongly recommend this program for any kid who has curious about the great outdoors, animals of all kinds and having fun.
Child's Play (Sidney Lumet, 1972)It is exactly thirty-eight minutes into Child's Play where the movie stops being a fuzzy, slow-moving mess and becomes something that actually seems like a Sidney Lumet film. The scene takes place in the chapel of the boys' school where the entire film is set. Robert Preston (The Music Man), who plays Joe Dobbs, the headmaster of the eleventh-grade class, an English teacher much-beloved of the school's pupils, is standing at the front of the chapel, facing the altar. In a pew a few rows behind him is Jerome Malley (A Touch of Larceny's James Mason), the headmaster of the senior class, who teaches Greek and Latin and, as a holdover from the days when corporal punishment was accepted in schools, still has the nickname "Lash". Dobbs delivers a monologue that sets up the entire rest of the film, at least the bits that haven't already been set up. And I can almost imagine Lumet, at the end of that scene, smacking his fist into his other palm, pointing at Mason and Beau Bridges, the other main actor in this movie, then pointing to Preston and yelling, "THAT is the quality of acting I want to see from you idiots!"He gets it for the rest of the film.Plot: We open with Paul Reis (Bridges) as a senior at the school, on his way to see the headmaster, Father Mozian (They Might Be Giants' Ron Weyand), for the very, very serious infraction of drawing some obscene pictures on Malley's chalkboard. He's being escorted by freshman teacher Dobbs, who cautions young Reis that, while such actions may be amusing, they're not likely to get him anywhere in life. The camaraderie of the moment is shattered by one of the school's jocks lobbing a basketball at Reis' head--it would seem that Reis is what Jean Shepherd calls "one of the nameless rabble of victims" in A Christmas Story. Dobbs defuses the situation and everyone gets on with their lives. Fast-forward nine years. Reis is now a phys.ed. teacher who's sick of the public school system and has returned to his alma mater to take up a vacant position there. He and Dobbs pick up just where they left off, as great friends. Reis seems willing to bury the hatchet with Malley, but Malley is driven to distraction by his mother's imminent death, which he believes is being hastened by a series of anonymous, harrassing phone calls, and assaults on his own character (which include, but are not limited to, pornographic magazines being ordered in his name and sent to his home, as well as notes being passed by the students--it is never explicitly stated, but made obvious nonetheless, that all of this is homosexual in nature). We find out soon enough that Malley was supposed to retire at the beginning of the year, but refuses to do so because he is adamant that Dobbs not take over his job as senior headmaster; he considers the affable Dobbs not only unfit for the job, but in fact an agent of Satan himself (he believes Dobbs to be behind all the magazines, notes, calls, etc.). Reis walks into the middle of this, and while he's not explicitly tasked with choosing a side, his unexpected, and unlikely, ally Father Penny (King of the Gypsies' David Rounds in his first feature appearance), the oft-tipsy religion teacher, warns Reis that it's going to happen eventually, no matter how neutral he tries to stay. While this is the main conflict, there's also the ever-present bullying that, as we know, Reis is all too familiar with...but this class aren't just bullies, they're sadists; in the first act of bullying to which Reis is witness, by the time he manages to pull the children off, their target has damage severe enough that the hospital believes he may lose an eye. A second victim is mock-crucified, at which point Father Mozian is forced into considering whether to expel the culprits--which would, almost immediately, cause the school to shut down, as they comprise half the senior class (and thus, half the senior class' tuition). Assuming, of course, the authorities don't shutter it first.There is a great deal going on here, and the late Lumet manages to herd these cats very nicely once the movie finds its rhythm (which, admittedly, takes thirty-eight minutes). Mason, Preston, and Bridges, of course, were all known commodities by this time, and was there ever any question they were up to the material? As a simple portrait of the nasty goings-on at a boys' school, a generic slice-of-life drama, this would have been a damned good movie. But the final twenty minutes, which turn it into something very different indeed, take it from "good" to "blow the lid off." In the hands of a lesser director, or performed by lesser actors (and to be fair, there's a time or two where it seems like Bridges is about to slip over the line), this could have come off cheesy, if not unintentionally hilarious. But it is meant to be horrific, and it succeeds. This is tragedy of Greek proportions, with the school's gang of bullies functioning as the chorus of harridans, and had the first thirty-eight minutes been as taut and compelling as the final hour, this would be Lumet's second five-star film in my library (Dog Day Afternoon is the other). Even with that considered, this is another guaranteed slot in the top thousand for Mr. Lumet; the brilliance of the last sixty-two minutes downright overwhelms the unfocused, muzzy quality of the first thirty-eight. **** 
we watched all the seasons through Amazon and now we are caught up for the new season. I just hope they do not end it.. Great series..
this series is fantastic Bryan Cranston freaking rules this series. Its wild entertaining i must watch for any tv series watcher out there this series delivers the goods never letting down.
And so is the script. I enjoyed this pilot very much. The characters are interesting especially Bosch. The flashbacks he experiences as the case unfolds are horrific but allow you to see why he chooses certain paths in life. My only negative is there was only one episode to watch!
I loved Alpha House. I would become a Prime member to watch a whole season. The acting was great. John Goodman knows how to deliver his lines.
I have been watching Major Crimes on cable and enjoy it so much I  ordered the first season. I then found out Major Crimes was a continuation of a sort of The Closer so I went back and watched almost all of the seasons of that. Excellent show. Love the characters and the personalities of all the cops in the group . Super Show!!!
If you look hard enough, you can find truly great mysteries across the variety of film genres.  They've long been the province of historical fiction or period pieces looking back at some treacherous point in history.  Thrillers often wrap up one or several enigmas within their dark, elusive characters.  Science fiction tackles them by revealing the world hidden beneath.  Character dramas - much like director Daniel Nettheim's THE HUNTER - occasionally scramble to place the pieces amongst the various players and subplots, but this effortless adaptation based on Julia Leigh's novel of the same name could serve as a textbook example of how to do it and do it well.Martin David (played by screen veteran Willem Dafoe) is a mercenary, using his unique set of skills to benefit corporations seeking elusive genetic material.  Contacted by the mysterious Red Leaf Company, he's hired to secure a `sample' of the neurotoxin contained in the venom of the Tasmanian Tiger.  The problem?  The tiger is long thought to have been extinct.  However, as fate would have it, rare sightings have stretched across the Tasmanian wild.  Once David travels to Tasmania posing as a university scientist investigating the rumors, he uncovers what may be several conspiracies, all pointing toward a single truth he may not be willing to accept.THE HUNTER is a gem of a movie, one part thriller, one part mystery, one part very soft sci-fi, and definitely two parts noir.  Dafoe's tight-lipped craftsman lives his existence sterilely; in his home at the beginning, we're shown his immaculately white counters with his toiletries lain out with specific precision.  Suddenly, he's thrust into a dirty, broken-down farmhouse where a despondent widow, Lucy Armstrong (Frances O'Connor), languishes her days doped up in bed while her two young children (Morgana Davies and Finn Woodlock) eek out their day-to-day existence with little to no parental guidance.  Out of necessity, the loner forces himself into the role as a surrogate `adult,' and, as he grows more attached to the three of them, he learns that they all may be on a same dangerous path when the forces of nature and industrial espionage collide.The performances are all exceptional.  Dafoe long ago mastered the grim, brooding outsider in the days of Oliver Stone's PLATOON, and it's matured nicely here.  His dogged determination to uncover the truth is matched by his commitment as a predator in pursuit of his prey, and he carries the weight of the tale here with great effectiveness.  Another veteran, Sam Neill, appears as a local tracker named Jack Mindy, and, while his involvement in possible earlier searches for the tiger is never made perfectly clear, the actor gets solid mileage out of his several scenes.  O'Connor as the broken widow moves easily between her various influences - mother, possible love interest, new-age mystic - and her ability to wear several hats serves the story greatly.  The story never quite establishes what drove her to the polar opposites of her performance (`participant' versus `pawn' versus `victim'), and she straddles that ambiguity in a way that keeps the viewer guessing.Though there are a few narrative `hiccups' that could've been ironed out to greater clarity (i.e. the true relationship of Jack Mindy to the Red Leaf; a better understanding of Lucy Armstrong's real motivation with Martin David; how much to the children know about their father's disappearance; etc.), they pale in comparison to the modestly layered and driven story at the heart of THE HUNTER.  There's an awful lot going on here - from corporate shenanigans to double-crosses, from jaded intimacy to concerns over ecology - but the script balances it all exceedingly well.  There are several mysteries at play- each of them keeping Dafoe's David questioning the ruggedness of the physical and emotional terrain - and they all serve to keep the viewer's interest, all the way up until our hero grapples with his last, fateful decision and the consequences it'll unleash: to do the unthinkable and live with the consequences OR to embrace his newly uncovered humanity and live with THOSE consequences instead.THE HUNTER is produced by Magnolia Pictures and Screen Australia in association with Screen NSW, Screen Tasmania, Fulcrum Media Finance, Madman Entertainment, and Entertainment One.  DVD distribution is being handled by Magnolia Home Entertainment.  The picture looks and sounds wonderful; the director of photography Robert Humphreys has captured some magnificent vistas in the Tasmanian wild, as well as some sacred, dark corners of the countryside rumored (in the film) to hold the last of its kind tiger.  Special features include a `making of' featurette, deleted scenes (with commentary), a commentary track for the picture, and the theatrical trailer; it's a terrific collection to match the investment of story and characters here.HIGHEST POSSIBLE RECOMMENDATION.  I always knew that the face of the man dispatched to kill of last of any living species would have to be one that looked like Willem Dafoe, and THE HUNTER confirms my long held suspicion; but it does so in a way that surprises the viewer by presenting the cold, cunning, and calculating killer as a patient yet troubled soul almost desperate to hide his own fragile humanity trapped beneath that ragged, leathery exterior.  Step by step, THE HUNTER is forced to see the world around him for what it is - precious, with some secrets worthy of being kept - and that may mean accepting the stark reality: be willing to become the prey instead of always serving as mankind's gifted predator.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at Magnolia Home Entertainment provided me with a DVD screener copy of THE HUNTER by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
Season four does not disappoint, funny and witty writing as usual, I think Ed O'Neil has always been the &#34;star&#34; of the show but I think with this season all the characters have been developed even more and they are all equally as funny and mesh exceptionally well together!
The players are back to get more gold. The face setbacks, equipment breakdowns, personality conflicts and in one case a personality disorder, but they rally to get the gold. This is a really great show.
My son loves Warehouse 13 so this is another season.  We purchase each season as it is one of his favorites tv shows. He loves to watch on his playstation 3.
After I sat down and watched this film, I decided to get online and read a few reviews.  Interestingly, people are mostly very adamant about either loving it or hating it&#8230;I didn&#8217;t find too many reviews that were neutral.  I can see why some might balk at the idea of this film; after all, it basically &#8216;attacks&#8217; a wonderland that is dubbed &#8216;the happiest place on Earth&#8217;.  But what many of the naysayers may not realize is that the movie is a parody, and it is not meant to be taken literally.  This is even discussed in a &#8216;Making Of&#8217; featurette in the Special Features.  I personally loved the film, and I&#8217;m recommending everyone out there give it a shot, if anything to see what all of the discussion is about.As an independent filmmaker myself, I have to tip my hat to director Randy Moore.  He shot the film guerrilla-style inside of Disneyworld and Disneyland, and as a result, was able to achieve a monumental feat.  If you are not familiar with the word, &#8216;guerrilla&#8217; in terms of filmmaking basically means he didn't have permission to use the location or images he was filming.  He and his team bought tickets to the parks and then quickly shot their scenes amidst all of the visitor chaos.  The finished product is a remarkable testament to working hard to chase a dream.ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW is shot surprisingly well, considering most of the footage was obtained using Canon DSLR cameras.  I am impressed with the lack of shakiness in each scene, especially those filmed on the rides.  This makes the movie so much more enjoyable and allows the audience a deeper immersion into the film.The acting is very good as well.  Roy Abramsohn and Elena Schuber do a great job as the bickering parents, but the kids really steal the show for me.  Katelynn Rodriguez and Jack Dalton portray the couple&#8217;s two children, and they do an excellent job with their roles.  Granted, they are not the focal point of the film, however they are involved in almost every key part and do a phenomenal job as such.  I particularly commend Dalton, for this is his first movie role (if his IMDB page is correct).But the dreamlike story is what wins me over with ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW.  Describing this film as &#8216;trippy&#8217; certainly does not do it justice, but that&#8217;s exactly what it is.  There are moments in this film where you don&#8217;t know whether to hide your eyes or rewind what you just saw.  Certain elements of the plot play off of urban legends related to Disney, while other pieces are simply just way out there.  But regardless of where the bizarreness comes from, it definitely entertains.ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW is a big win for me, and I suggest you give it a look.  Be ready to either love it or hate it, though&#8230;and make sure you can back up your decision because it is a good bet you&#8217;ll be asked if the film ever comes up in discussion.  It will be available next week.
Absolutely LOVE this show. My little one loves this show! I'm already looking for toys and action figures for my little one to play with!!!
I love this show!  We don't have cable so Amazon is how I watch new release shows.  The price is reasonable and I don't have to pay for a bunch of stuff I don't want.
Five minutes of perfect romantic comedy; the animation is beautifully done.  Watch it after a bad day and cheer up.
Great program for the family no sex bad language or real violence good family show you must watch from season 1 to understand
I very much enjoyed this series.  I enjoyed the female lead.  A no nonsense sort of woman.  Very intelligent portrayal.
This season is really underrated in my opinion.  It has some of my favirote episodes in it like the three part Coon and Friends episode.  The commentary is also great, because Matt and Trey finally explain more about Kenny's awareness of his deaths and immortality.  I just love the whole comic book vibe of these three episodes and how all the kids have their own super hero persona. This blu-ray has some funny deleted scenes too and a bonus episode of the original Coon episode. If you're a South Park fan then this is a must have for your collection.
I was so excited to see Keifer doing another 24 even if it's for just 12 episodes and having Chloe and Heller and Audrey back is a real treat.  The first '24' I bought the whole dvd set and watched it twice as well as when it was on tv. I kow the dvd won't be out for a good while so I'm buying it through Amazon Instant Video (which I love love love).Keifer is so passionate and the reviews promise nail-biting, heart-stopping action on every show and the first two shows more than fulfills that promise.Keifer is a pariah and thought to be a fugitive (which makes me crazy because he is a hero in anyone's book) and yet he is bound and determined to stop a hit on now-President Heller. Audry is married and Tate Donovan is her husband and a high ranking official of Heller's cabinet.You cannot go wrong EVER watching Keifer do his thing. He is absolutely captivating and a consummate actor of the nth degree.This show will be a winner as was '24' and I, for one, can't wait to see the next episode--bulldozers couldn't get me away from my set when 24 Live Another Day  comes on and the phone can ring forever--I 'ain't' answering.Take my word: YOU'LL LOVE IT!!!!! Be sure to watch from the beginning-it's a super show!
When they first killed off Mitchell and The original werewolf on the series, I though this show would go straight out the door. However, they replaced the two with great actors who filled their predecessor's shoes with no problem. At the end of this season the last of the original cast also leaves but the series just keeps getting better. Michael Socha, the new werewolf, is HOT and we will see more of him in the new TV series in the US called Once Upon A Time in Wonderland which is a real treat for us in the US!
This movie centers on a large family, with several brothers and sisters.  It explores the mind sets of each adult sibling as they struggle with a &#34;family&#34; decision.  Typically, the youngest has far differing attitudes than the oldest. This relatable fact makes the movie appealing, certainly to me.The film is offered in two versions, a very appropriate family &#34;PG-13&#34; and  a very inappropriate, in my opinion,  &#34;Theatrical&#34; version that has difficulty completing any sentence without use of the ubiquitous &#34;F&#34; word. It is very nice to have a viewing option.My 5 Stars rates the Family version, which I highly recommend.
The Riches is one of the most original series ever with characters who are complex and intriguing. Each episode holds you captive as Wayne (Eddie Izzard) and Dahlia Malloy (Minnie Driver) strive to impersonate the Rich family, an immense challenge with their lack of education and experience.This is a series where you never know what is going to happen next or how Wayne is going keep it all together but the love that Wayne and Dahlia have for each other and their children always help them to find a way.Izzard and Driver are simply eloquent. Noel Fisher (Cael), Shannon Marie Woodwood (DiDi) and Aidan Mitchel (Sam) are genuine in their roles as the three Malloy children.I can't wait for this to come out on dvd!
This is the 2nd season/series of the rebooted Doctor Who featuring Matt Smith as the 11th Doctor, and he does not disappoint in the slightest.  Very impressive acting and the character has a feeling of being very genuine and very authentic.  The show continues to thrive and is both fun and entertaining to watch, and some of the stories, while outwardly entertaining, also really make you think about things in ways you otherwise might have overlooked - which I feel is true of several seasons/series of Doctor Who - but it certainly continues in this one.  This year again featured the Ponds, Amy and Rory as The Doctor's companions.  Excellent special effects as usual and great writing, but superb acting, especially by Matt Smith.  Matt Smith may have been the only person who could have adequately followed David Tennant's 10th Doctor in the iconic and legendary role.  I am truly impressed with how good this program is and I highly recommend it to anyone.
This isn't one of those shows or movies about a serial killer who just does it for fun.  Dexter Morgan targets people very specifically and only those whom he believes have crossed a line or violated one of his standards.  For example, Dex would never molest or kill a child, so he kills a man who has done such things to choir boys.  This is not a defense of Dex, just a clarification.What makes him even more complex is that he did not suffer abuse at the hands of his loving foster parents; he maintains a good relationship with his sister, a cop; he works as a forensic examiner for the police; he fakes emotions as best he can with  his girlfriend and her kids; and feels nothing at all, most of the time, unless it's a sense that he must get rid of someone.Michael C. Hall's performance and voiceover work are very strong. He's stretched out further than he could with his character on the late, great Six Feet Under.
Just a refreshing look at the medical profession. An honest and fun way to enjoy a good medical drama. I thought I would just see what the pilot had to offer, but after that  was hooked.
I don't know about you, but figuring out the plot of a show in the first 10 minutes or the direction of a season early gets very tiresome. Formula TV has become the norm, now in recent years we have been blessed with those exceptions like madmen, walking dead, house of cards, Breaking bad, et al. Rubicon somehow got buy me, and this show wouldn't be popular among most Americans because you have to invest some time in the first couple of episodes in character development, background, and general housekeeping. However, if you are willing to lend the director those couple of hours, in return you will receive some of the most Clancy like drama I have seen outside the pages of his books. Rubicon is one of those shows that I won't thickly forget. Even more exciting amazon has shown me more previously unknown shows I might like if I liked Rubicon. So enjoy.
The acting and the story line was excellent.  It provides many hours of entertainment.  We highly recommend this outstanding series.
But it is Seattle, after all. And Who cannot love Mireille Enos & Joel Kinnaman? Both wounded, both screwed up, both smokers. . . Did I mention it's rainy & dark, too?
Very good series. A little too far fetched at times but it makes a good story. Enjoy the banter between the two stars.
This is by far one of the most polarizing films you're ever bound to see if you've even heard of it, but Ben Wheatley's KILL LIST is definitely unforgettable, love it or hate it.The film does change thematically throughout and becomes more of a stream-of-consciousness style of film rather than a more traditional narrative structure. Basically we have the wedded bliss of contract killer Jay (Neil Maskell) and his former military wife Shel (MyAnna Buring) being interrupted by his failure eight months before of completing a job and hasn't been able to get one since. The world economic strife is hitting them hard, and Jay has sort of lost his nerve. Jay and Shel are almost constantly arguing and undermining each other, with their son hearing all of it. But when old friend/contract killer Gal (Michael Smiley) comes by with a new job to clean the dust off Jay and get everything back to where it all was for them before all this agitation. The job, presented by a rather devious and malevolent cabal, is the killing of three people, guilty of various (and partially unknown) crimes. Gal and Jay begin this job in order to get paid, and in order to restore Jay back to the proper and formidable villain he once was. But these three murders turn out to be something quite different and far more sinister once we reach the last act of the film, and our protagonists are now in more danger than the people they were pursuing.Wheatley films KILL LIST with a eye for craftsmanship and for cinema verite style filmmaking. Almost all of the scenes have a very documentarian feel to them and it just makes the moments of violence and horror that much more unsettling, until you get to the muscle-clenching climax, where the editing becomes much more disjointed and jagged. The scenes between Jay, Gal, and Shel have a very workaday feel to them. These people have no illusions about the nature of the work they do; this work just happens to be to their skill set, and they're good at it... or at least they used to be before things went wrong in the previous months. There's no philosophical rumination about the amoral nature of being a hired killer here; this is just a job to them, and it's that sort of attitude that works to the film's advantage. There's no romanticism of the trade here. Being a contract killer is not a glorious job, and this film does put that element out there really skillfully. Maskell, who has made a good name for himself in British TV and film, does a terrific job being the film's anchor. We share in his frustration, his anger, his justifiable rage and his fear. Buring, who is better known stateside for her small but significant roles in two Neil Marshall films: THE DESCENT and DOOMSDAY, as well as a role in TWILIGHT: BREAKING DAWN (Pts 1 and 2), is a combination of roles that only a wife and a mother and a killer can deliver. She's a dynamic performer who obviously has a distinct flavor for genre films. The real standout here is Smiley as Gal, who plays him with just the proper mix of aloof and serious and undenaibly likable. He's appeared before for Wheatley and alongside Maskell in one of their previous efforts called DOWN TERRACE, and he's a terrific performer.Although, no amount of plot description or analysis of acting or directing will be able to distill how the film turns and twists until it's something nearly unrecognizable. This will be a love-it-or-hate-it third act, although upon repeated viewings (which is almost required with this film), it remains ambiguous as far as what you've just seen.Listening to the commentary track for this film from director Wheatley and writer Amy Jump, or the cast commentary by Maskell, Buring and Smiley, the tone certainly doesn't match what's on-screen. They seem to be having a terrific time talking about making the film, but make sure that they don't give facts about the controversial ending, and rather discussing how ambiguous it was and why they wanted to keep it that way.I learned about KILL LIST from a website talking about SXSW releases and how this was one of the best and most unusual selections, and I wished I was with someone while watching, because I got it on demand from my cable company when it was in limited release in theatres and I desperately wanted to talk to someone about it immediately after. I will say that it left a very similar impression upon my psyche as SE7EN did back in 1995. It took me a while to recover from the shock and the disturbing nature of the ending, but when a film has the power to do that, it's something to relish, despite how compelled you might be to look away.KILL LIST is one of my ten favorite films of 2011, and as I stated previously, you will either love this film or you'll hate it, but regardless, it will stay with you.
They are working towards something big hidden clues are everywhere.  It is all leading to something big.???? A new doctor?  Maybe. Return of the time lords. Possibly. It will be interesting to see where it goes.
I really loved Heroes of Cosplay. I am a person interested in Cosplay and with Wizard World Comic-Con coming to Nashville, TN for the 1st time I may have opportunity to participate. I just wish there were more episodes. May be next season!
Fun, happy, amusing, great characters.  Inspirational and def. relates to my place in time.  Thank you word word word word.
Johnny lee millers performance is fantastic. He should be winning major awards. The entire cast does a great job and the writing is top notch. Excellent, excellent series
The opener out us on guard how the season will be...romantic, intriguing and anxious. Love this show and I am on pins & needles waiting on the next episode
I've seen this DVD twice in the past two seeks and it just keeps getting better. The best way to describe it is to say its an old drive-in movie on steroids. Everything about it is just plain fun, including themed biker gangs and three anti-heroes who are both disgusting and lovable at the same time. I wish they'd make a sequel. And bravo to the film maker for having southern accents that are half way believable.
I bought the series on the strength and fondness I had for Sean Hayes performance on Will and Grace.  I wish the network had given this show more time to gain an audience following.  I thought the ensemble casting was brilliant, even though it was reported that Hayes and Linda Lavin didn't get along.  This show was of a quirky nature that I think some of the cast gave breakout performances that could have made it a hit.  I'm casting my memory back to Caroline in the City which might not have had a chance without Malcolm Getz as Richard.  In my opinion Thomas Lennon and Echo Kellum carried this show and given a chance it could have propelled their careers to new heights.  Why must networks cancel funny clever shows?  We as viewers were not even given the opportunity of viewing the entire season.  The scripts were clever and funny;  even a little bawdy in a good way.  Show 5, "Nobody Puts Sean in the Corner" was laugh out loud funny.  I wish Jim Burrows had stayed on as director, maybe this show might have had a better outcome.  I highly recommend all the shows of this series that are available, as I beleive 2-3 may never see the light of day
This show is heavy on the dark side of human nature.  While no mistaking this for a great acting set.  The plots are good and the producer/director have turn this Marvel Book into a great series.  We love this show.  There are villains every turn and twist!  Pretty heavy on the gore!  Not recommended for the squeamish or people younger than 16!  We love the characters!
Hey; maybe it's a guy thing or maybe it's just me. I've had a fascination with Vikings since early childhood. The authenticity of the program is impressive and the historical tidbits are intriguing. Recommend to all; especially the adventurous at heart/soul.
This season is better than the last two. Seasons 1 and 2 were excellent, this one is outstanding. Both main characters are unique. They portray such complex and flawed individuals. The writing is believable and the direction keeps the pace at the right speed, slow and sometimes painful. This is no copycat predictable show. I hope we get a 4th season.
Doctor Who series Six brings us the Doctor (Matt Smith) traveling through out time and space and leaving hints as to when he is returning to take Amy and Rory back through time and space.  Meanwhile Amy and Rory have been given a strange blue envelope with a time and a place and corridantes that bring them to Utah in present day Earth in the 21st century.  Once at the place requested in the letter they discover the Doctor waiting for them with a car of all things.  And as it seems like a happy reuion River Song also meets them.  She too has a blue enevlope telling to be at the same place and time as the others. After exchanging notes they discover the Doctor is several centuries older then when the left last time.At a picnic at a nearby lake they take in everything the Doctor is saying and when all seems to be well a strange man appears beside his truck and waves at the Doctor.  The Doctor looking crestfallen tells Amy, Rory and River that what happens next has to happen and that they can not do anything to stop it. An astronaught arrises from the lake and the Doctor goes to speak to it.  Rory noticed that it bears the Apollo program marking and that is came from 1969.  What happens next rocks everyone there and watch as the Doctor dies for good.As they mourn the death of the Doctor the man who waved to him appraoches and shows that he also recived a blue envelpoe as well.  The man in question was Charles Canton Delware the third.  A man who will meet the Doctor and the others in 1969 and gives them the one sthing they need to help the doctor a tank of gasoline to burn his remains.  Once the deed has been done the others return to the diner to figure out what to do next when they encounter the Doctor or at least a younger version of himself.  He also has a blue envelope as well saying he needed to be at the diner at this time.  The others have to come up with something to tell him of what they are trying to do and convince him to take them to 1969 Washington D.C. where they meet President Richard Nixon and the strange calls he has been getting from a scared child.  All that plus discovering the Silence and what it or they are.Along the way the Doctor and crew encounter pirates under attack from a mermaid. The Doctor has a strange encounter with the TARDIS, Clones that want to become alive and kill the originals.  We watch as a good man goes to war and what happens to that good man after he learns some truly deep secrets.  The Doctor and freinds have to save Hitler and discover the orgins of one of Doctor Who's greatest allies.  All that plus labyrinth hotels, a young boy scared of the dark, the doctor vistis his former flat mate and The Doctor does the one thing he never would in his entire life ever do again try and change time itself.  So check out series six of Doctor Who and be amazed and surprised by what transpires in this series today.
Love this show.  Can't get enough of it.  I want Olivia and Nick to get together.  Still wish Stabler was on it but it still an excellent show even without him.  Love all the crime and drama.
Season one. Great TV. This is selling at a really good price now. I bought it for a friend who does not have netflix.
Bates Motel is one of the best new shows of the 2012-2013 season. I saw it online a few weeks ago and I finished the complete season in three days; I was totally hooked. The pilot kicks off strongly and as the show goes on, it keeps having the mystery, the drama, the feeling of never knowing what will happen next... I just love it!I was feeling a little skeptical with the cast, but as soon as I saw the series, I knew Vera Farmiga and Freddie Highmore were perfect for their parts. Any person who loves mystery shows with a little bit of drama (even teen dramas), will love it.It's not just a show about murders and blood, but it makes you get into the head of the characters, and the decisions they make. I hope this show lasts a long time, because it has so many potential to last many years. I can't wait to get this set! I'm hoping it has a lot of bonus features. The only thing that sucks is that we have to wait a long time for the second season, but now I know it will be worth it!If you haven't watched the show, do it now! You will love it.
I love Mike and Harvey. This show has it all. It has drama, comedy, sex, backstabbers, and love. I am addicted. You have to see episode 1 of season 3.
Just when you think this story line cant get any crazier.....guess what? You are left picking your jaw up off the floor. And when you say to yourself, &#34;WOW, THIS CAN'T GET ANY BETTER.&#34; It shocks you more and more each episode. You catch yourself eagerly watching the calendar to see what day it is,  to watch this, and when you get down to the day that it airs, you find yourself counting down the hours. I LOVE THIS SHOW!!!! I will admit that its probably not for everyone because its bizarre and violent at times. But, give it a chance. I think this show is ground breaking.
The Grimm program is awesome! My daughter and I have been glued to it right from the start! Great actors and the special affects are amazing!
This is one of the best series I've seen.  It's great to watch the streaming so I can watch episodes when I want.  The premise is different from all the usual cop shows.  The acting is good.  I like the characters.  Each episode has a complete case plus something is added to the backstory.
I love foreign horror movies because they often times breath life into a stale genre. We just don't know how to do it over here anymore. And I loved this movie. It's simple in a lot of ways, but twisted and it sucks you right in. I don't want to give anything away, but you should really check this out. A really great horror movie!
Always different and the people who make it on there are very interesting. And Colby is very easy on the eyes!
Great BBC period piece with solid cast (many who have appeared in Doctor Who) including Matthew McFadden (Ripper Street, Pride & Prejudice, etc.) and Andy Serkis (Gollum in LOTR) chews up the scenery as a French serial killer. Music, costumes, and enough time (8 hours over 14 parts) to develop the story & characters.  Charles Dickens' father was in the debtor's prison featured in the story & the satire of poverty, class bigotry & government bureaucracy (the perfectly name Circumlocution Office will drive you nuts as you realize our own experience with impenetrable government agencies show nothing changes over time). Sad, funny, scary, moving & thoroughly entertaining. See it free with Prime and spot the Doctor Who actors like a license plate game.
This show gets better each time we watch it.  We have seen a few things that really make you jump!  I would recommend this show to anyone who likes spooky things.  I hope this show stays on the air for a long time.  I know we'll be watching it.
If you like the old Brit Coms this series is bound to please. It has old cars from the era, and the costumes are outstanding. At times it can be a little corny, but its worth viewing.
The research was great, I think it was far above some of the other similar shows. I also don't like the fact that the next seasons are not on here. I would watch every one of them. It is good entertainment and spooky even if you don't believe. I found the history and research very interesting. For this I would watch more.
I never realized how easy it was to order movies or tv episodes off of Amazon to download directly to my Amazon site.  I will not hesitate to do it again.
This is Chris Carter at his VERY BEST! Great cast. Great writing. Great acting. Great production values. Great story! Pick it up!
I loved this series and now that I have it all I can only wish there was more of it.  But the old saying goes &#34;always leave them laughing&#34; definitely applies here.  Glad to have 5 years of &#34;Fringe&#34;.
I love this show and there is so much going on that i want to rewatch them to pick up on the things I missed the first time around.
What if we all had powers but everyone's was different? would you use it for good or evil? Would you help others?
I love the show......it's got great interaction with the cast & the writers keep the script in true Southern fashion. It truly is a breath of fresh air.
Too bad this was cancelled.. it makes a great DVD as a pair with season 1.. maybe better as a whole story like this than episodic tv.. so do not miss the chance to see it ...
Love really does conquer all and these two actors won the battle that kept us engaged and wondering right to the very end. The story brought new meaning to friendship and acceptance and what it really means to make your best effort. Watch this surprising story for your self and some one who needs a boost.
I stumbled on this series and was blown away. It is the best!  Love everything about it. Acting and casting is first rate. I love Ian Tracy and he is perfect The story is clever..  I can't wait for season 2 starting aug 12, 2012.  The scenery is gorgeous. The star is a hunk too. Can't say enough positive things about Hell on Wheels.  A wonderful example of when film is good it can be really really good!
Started watching this show and couldn't stop. It kept me wondering, episode after episode. The end was good considering there were no more seasons to follow.
If you thought the first season was gut wrenching and mind blowing, the second season one-ups the first.  Sex, drugs and rock and roll sum up the scenes from this season.
Olivia Season 1 was great for my grandchild. He enjoyed watching it. It held his attention. He likes the characters.
Each episode of this show features a murder and holmes must solve them. but there is a back story that unfolds as the series progresses. And in this show watson is a woman , played by lucy lui!. The show is a monster hit and it's engaging. I missed the second episode and therefore had to go back and watch it on amazon.com video. THis is a good show for mystery fans and for fans of sherlock holmes. IN this version sherlock is not a sociopath like in the bbc modern version 'sherlock' , he's a guy struggling with addiction and such. It was a gamble that paid off for it's network and the strong acting of it's leads makes for a compelling show. It does need more of moriarty though.
REMASTERED set 5 is 8 Poirots. Belgian with `little gray cell' out-sleuths `The Yard.' David Suchet made Poirot famous. Philip Jackson plays Chief Inspector Japp in last 5 episodes. Hastings (Hugh Fraser) Poirot's right-hand is available for all but one episode. Miss Lemon (Pauline Moran) in 6 episodes. Agatha Christie stories always fantastic, but Suchet makes the film adaptations soar to new heights. Humor, scenic bliss, and costume lust rival the script writing. Poirot stories began a 1920s era. Trivially noteworthy, the fictional character was granted a 1975 NYTimes front page obit.Odd that some are yet trying to sell (one reviewer promote) the older set, not remastered, for more $, up to $1000. New Series 5 is a value to new buyers or those who want the crisper image, Blu-ray level target. My vote's with newer, better, & America (even though it is Brit TV).SUBTITLE option available for all episodes. Aired first in 1993. 407 min. and now in the original UK order. Guest stars aplenty, as normal.-_-_-The Adventure of the Egyptian TombDr. Ames is Rolf Saxon (Saving Pvt Ryan). We've all heard of the Egyptian Pharaoh tomb curses. True? Ghastly-ghostly deaths. Poirot will reveal, and give you Egypt scenery as a plus.-_-_-The UnderdogNazis, rubber, and miniatures all combine for a murder to solve. Auctions have losers, & but one winner.-_-_-Yellow IrisA 2nd chance. Poirot failed to solve a crime, can he do it the second time around? A London reenactment of an Argentine dinner of death. Suicide or murder? Hubby (David Troughton) wants to know.-_-_-The Case of the Missing Will1926. Poirot has more than a crime to solve, he being the dead man's confident in estate planning changes. But someone beats the odds & will change. Who? Daughter (Beth Goddard)? Japp is back for the first time in this set.-_-_-The Adventure of the Italian NoblemanMiss Lemon has a beau (Leonard Preston) and the Italian Embassy as a body--no they don't; yes they do. Blackmail, death and lies. Good thing Christie has a Poirot.-_-_-The Chocolate BoxAh Belgian chocolate and scenery. And murder, no? Poirot takes up another cold case. See Anna Chancellor (4 Weddings) staring as well as Geoffrey Whitehead (Reggie Perrin, Little Dorrit). And an unusual Poirot conclusion.-_-_-Dead Man's MirrorMirror, mirror on the wall, who's most dysfunctional of all? Can't be the dead guy. Poirot is there, he'll figure it out. The wife (Zena Walker -Number 10), Cousin Hugo (Jeremy Northam -Wish Me Luck, Emma), Lingard (Fiona Walker -I, Claudius), or another ???-_-_-Jewel Robbery at the Grand MetropolitanBrighton resort hotel rest, except for Len; Who's Lucky Len? A maid (Hermione Norris -The Pale Horse, Cold Feet), always the maids fault for a robbery. Can Poirot save her? See Sorcha Cusack (Jane Eyre) too.`
I was hesitant to start this series and some of the brutal beginnings made me pause to go on. As we got to know the people in the series we were able to connect better to the story line and by the beginning of Season 2, we were hooked. Definitely rough and even brutal at times, but the story still pulls you in and you really care. Great series.
I was glued to my seat and before I knew it I had watched all of season 1. the  History Channel has done a fantastic job on this one.Can't wait for season 2.
Very lively and wondrous. I don't mean to sound like an advertisement, but it really does bring on the smiles and giggles.
To be truthful,  I am a Kevin Bacon nut job, but the scripting is amazing and the cast is wonderful.
This wonderful series just gets better and better. Tim Roth fits this characterization so well that he could BE the doctor he plays. Story lines change just enough to snare the viewer completely, yet keep the main plotline going throughout the series and keeping certain tensions and questions always there. I love this series and wish it would never end!Tim Roth is a master at his craft! Where has he been for we Americans? And the daughter! What an engaging girl! So perfect in her role--not at all the typical image of a rebellious, ill-mannered teenaged girl. She is someone you could love, and do love, along with her father. Everyone is just right in this series, and it is mesmerizing. Let's have more of it!
Ti West has done his monster / zombie film w/ THE ROOST, his satanic-panic film w/ HOUSE OF THE DEVIL, and now comes his ghost story w/ THE INNKEEPERS. This is another throwback to earlier, simpler times, when horror was built upon a firm foundation of ever-increasing dread. West captures the essence of the haunted inn, making the place itself a character, and not just a setting. The human characters are believable, the spectres are jolting, and the atmosphere grows thick w/ gloom and impending death. Don't go into INNKEEPERS expecting a HOUSE ON HAUNTED HILL / 13 GHOSTS carnival ride. It's meant to get under your skin, not give you big, non-stop thrills...
I wish real - life work could be this silly and we could make fun of ourselves and also say wild things and have crazy flashbacks and laugh at work. the cast works well together as if they actually were these characters. fey is brilliant and I love her woman-whose-got -it -all but totally doesn't character. she's a mess on the inside.
Waiting for Season 4 to be on Prime. Love this series. Great Series. Wish there were more like it. for sure
The characters are the best yet. You'll fall in love with them all, I assure you, if you haven't already. Another great season from Doctor Who, this one is even better than the last, though it's hard to believe it can possibly get any better. The only thing I want to complain about is the Daleks(?) - I hate them, they're annoying - but they're supposed to be unlikeable, since they're villains, right? Anyway, I highly recommend to those who like science fiction and time-travel adventures that are family-safe.
This might not be the most profound program on TV but it certainly brings back great memories. Who doesn't love to hate JR? Sad to see Larry Hagman pass.
NOT just a teen's movie.  I haven't been a teen for a very long time but loved this show. Tyler Posey will be a star worth keeping an eye on in years to come.  Wonderful performances by all.  Would recommend this series to anyone !
I really like this episode because we get to see Becket and Castle in a romantic setting. The murder puts a damper on their weekend but there are a couple of really steamy scenes in this one. We need more episodes with romance.
This will probably be one of Billy Bob Thornton's final films as he has stated publicly that he is pretty much done with making films at this time in his life. I'm sorry to see him retire, but he certainly has left us with a wonderful legacy of films that are &#34;a little different&#34; than the usual fare. This is one of those films.There's a lot of violence in this film, right from the start, but it isn't gratuitous violence. The seemingly obvious plot soon reveals some very unexpected twists and surprises, which is great fun. Thornton isn't one of the main characters, but he is certainly unforgettable as a murderous, power-hungry tycoon who has diverse groups of thugs at his beck and call.The real stars of the film are the seemingly rotten-to-the-core brothers who will do anything for money. They set out to do a high-paying job for Thornton, but they are transformed when they learn the job is the kidnapping of a young man who has severe mental and physical disabilities. This transformation is great to watch. Don't get me wrong, the movie doesn't turn mushy as the carnage keeps things rolling at the pace of a roller coaster.The acting is excellent, as is the script. I saw this without having any idea what it was about, just looking for another good Thornton film ... and I definitely found one here. I ended up buying it as well.
For everyone else who hasn't started watching Devious Maids, I urge you to watch it as soon as you can! I hate to spoil it for anyone so I'll keep this review spoiler free.However, trust me on this one. Season One was the foundation, season two is the icing on the cake! I cannot wait for a new episode each season. The writers has really outdone themselves, we have better character development, better storyline, better dialogues and interesting new characters *I hope that's not a spoiler* that just add up to the series.If you have liked Season One you'll love this season, if you have loved season One then you'll love this season even more!Happy Watching!
I would protest the heck out of this series it sure makes it look like the World of the Dead but these stories are great and Linden and Holder are magic.  Mireille Enos was on talk show dressed up and made up and she is beautiful so I appreciate how she is willing to look for the story.  Love it hope there is a new story next year and like the addition of the Death Row twist too.
With the exception of the movie version starring Greer Garson and Laurence Olivier, I own all three adaptations of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice - the 1980 version, Pride and Prejudice (BBC Miniseries), the 1995 BBC series, Pride and Prejudice (Restored Edition), and the 2005 film version starring Keira Knightley and Matthew McFadyen, Pride & Prejudice. Of these, my favorite is the 1995 BBC adaptation which I've watched countless times.There's something infinitely charming about the 1995 adaptation. The casting is wonderful, especially in the casting of Colin Firth as the delectable Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy. I do not think any other actor has come close to portraying the role of Mr. Darcy with such perfection and aplomb, though David Rintoul and Matthew McFadyen have both done credible turns in their roles in the 1980 and 2005 versions respectively. As for the role of dear Elizabeth Bennet, Jennifer Ehle may at first appear to be a bit too old to play the role of Ms. Eliza Bennet, but her depiction of the role is one of the best I've seen as she truly embodies Elizabeth's fiercely independent spirit and strong will (Elizabeth Garvie is my next favorite from the 1980 version, and Keira Knightley is the most age-appropriate to have played the role).The chemistry between Ehle and Firth is strong, and their verbal sparring is a joy to watch! The other roles are equally well-cast - there's Alison Steadman as the silly but incredibly shrewd Mrs. Bennet; Benjamin Whitrow as her long-suffering husband; Julia Sawalha as the flirty and reckless Lydia (the best portrayal of Lydia in my humble opinion, and Sawalha went on to star in another of my favorite BBC series, Lark Rise to Candleford); Adrian Lukis as the unscrupulous Wickham; David Bamber as the oily Mr. Collins, and Barbara Leigh Hunt as the domineering dowager Lady Catherine de Burgh. This ensemble cast comes together to deliver memorable performances that have and continue to delight audiences.Oh, and the cinematography is absolutely gorgeous! Elizabeth Bennet was not the only one to be awestruck when she has her first sighting of Pemberley. It is so beautiful and stately, and appropriately awe-inspiring. The score is beautiful and one which I don't mind listening to each time a new episode begins.I have come to think of the 1995 BBC adaptation of Pride and Prejudice as a classic, and it truly deserves this status. I know I will be watching it for many more years to come!
As Apocalyptic  stories go this one looks promising.  I think this would be an interesting series to follow.  I am interested in the story line.
This is one of my all time favorite shows. I bought this to go with all the others I got. I have every season so far. i am waiting on season 10 to come on DVD and I will be buying it also.
Adrian Brody deserves another Academy Award for his performance in Detachment! Yes, this film is hard to watch in parts (I do wish they had left out the brief animal cruelty scene and the smoking!), with so many of the students being good examples for better birth control, but I still believe that it has a redeeming message for the real heroes of the USA: TEACHERS, who help our kids to become better people (well, most of them!)
I do tend to be brutally honest.  On the one hand, that works well with some readers, as they appreciate my almost guttural conviction to dish out the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth when it comes to my opinion on things.  On the other hand, I realize that occasionally I need to temper my opinion with the requisite amount of fluffiness necessary to keep some folks&#8217; attention.  As I recently remarked in a review chatback, I tend to prefer writing reviews for folks I consider literate as they tend to appreciate what I have to say more than most.  You&#8217;ll have to pardon me if I feel the some works deserve to be trumpeted more loudly than others, but that&#8217;s merely the nature of how I do what I do.Based on what I learned from I KNOW THAT VOICE, I would imagine that&#8217;s a sentiment of mine not lost on the likes of the legendary John DiMaggio.  In fact, he played a role in getting this documentary produced for much of the same reasoning: he wanted to trumpet the greatness of American voice actors.  And &#8211; for the record &#8211; I concur.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the type of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)From the product packaging: &#8220;Great animation begins with great voices that bring your favorite characters to life.  I Know That Voice offers fans an in-depth look into the fascinating world of voice acting with the legends of yesterday and today &#8230; This film is a must for anyone with an interest in voice acting, with insight on everything from radio, television and feature animation to the world of anime and video games.  After just one viewing, you will undoubtedly say, &#8216;I Know That Voice!&#8217;&#8221;Seriously, I couldn&#8217;t get through this without a silly grin across my face.See, my first real interest in entertaining others was in radio.  Back in my high school days, a group of guys and I put together a weekly radio club wherein the local station gave us a timeslot to fill up with practically anything (within some modest restraints).  And fill it up we did!  Naturally, we&#8217;d report on some of the happenings in the community, but &#8211; more often than not &#8211; we&#8217;d fill it up with our own little plays, skits, and commentary, complete with voices, music and sound effects.  I graduated and went on to college, where I kept after my fascination with the human instrument by participating in college radio as both a disc jockey as well as a producer of broadcast content.So the subject matter of I KNOW THAT VOICE really hits close to home for me, as it does the wealth of vocal talent featured in the documentary.  While I approached the feature with some minor trepidations (I&#8217;m generally not a fan of documentaries), I couldn&#8217;t help but fall in love with what director Lawrence Shapiro brought to life from these fact-filled and downright fun interviews with voice actors from across the industry.To the film&#8217;s credit, I suspect it would&#8217;ve been easy to make this a fawning presentation about the unsung heroes of the medium.  After all, even DiMaggio himself admits that he wanted to bring this project to life because of how he feels so strongly in support of not only it but also the vast collection of players who&#8217;ve made it what it is today.  That singular focus could&#8217;ve easily pushed VOICE into the realm of the worst kind of vanity project &#8211; one made to champion the players and not the art form.  However, the scholarship and commitment of this talented roster &#8211; a battalion of actors who know not only their business inside and out but also can speak knowledgably about its history &#8211; make this the easiest, breeziest, most affable 90 minutes I&#8217;ve spent &#8216;getting an education&#8217; in quite some time.I KNOW THAT VOICE (2013) is produced by Dundee Entertainment and Record Farm Industries.  DVD distribution is being handled by Video Services Corporation.  As for the technical specifications?  This is smartly shot and assembled release, and the creative folks have spared no effort in giving it the best quality sights and sounds &#8211; would you expect less from a film highlighting sound?  Lastly &#8211; if it&#8217;s special features you want &#8211; then you&#8217;re in store for a treat: there are sixteen additional interviews from some of the industry&#8217;s key players (many of them commenting on favorite characters they&#8217;ve played or the like); deleted scenes; an appearance at ComicCon 2013; and an audio commentary from DiMaggio, Shapiro, and Tommy Reid.  Seriously, it&#8217;s a great assortment of materials that show the love these folks have for what they do, and it&#8217;ll be enjoyed by those who appreciate it as much as I do.HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION POSSIBLE.  Methinks you&#8217;ll find it hard not to smile as these insiders take you on your own private tour of the voice acting industry.  There are some familiar faces, but there are even more familiar voices.  Spend ninety minutes with these smilers, and you&#8217;re liable to have as much fun with it as I did.  A brash, bold, and benevolent adventure!In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at VSC (aka Video Services Corp.) provided me with a DVD copy of I KNOW THAT VOICE by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review; and their contribution to me in no way, shape, or form influenced my opinion of it.
A must see!!  These guys are great and so funny.  If you haven't seen the show, you really should take a peek, you'll love it.
If nothing else we get to learn how to pronounce the season from Jeff.  I like the ability to learn of the country and culture of the area the survivors have entered.
perfect for my 2-yr old. the only &#34;problem&#34; is that I find myself talking to my kids (or myself) using the animal sounds throughout the day! ;-) Hoot, hoot, hoot!
Wonderful chemistry between the cast members and plot lines that are interesting and fun for the adults but still appropriate for kids to watch, too.
This season isn't as good as the first. Well, it's just different I guess. But it's still good. Entertaining. Watch it.
Himym is probably one of the best comedies written in our time! I will be very sad when it ends.
It was wonderful to see one of my favorite characters come to life.  I am looking forward to more episodes. Thank you Amazon for some great new shows.
Love the premise of hometwon boy returning home.  It reminds me of an american soap opera but with an Irish accent.
I came across this show by accident while looking for TV series that are included free of charge for Amazon Prime members. I must say that this is one of the best written series that I've ever had the pleasure to watch. The writing is exemplary, the plots are riveting and the acting is nothing short of superb. Labelled as a drama/comedy; I would have to say that the drama aspect comes first, but the dark humor is absolutely first rate. This show is better than just about anything I've seen on TV and I can't wait to resume watching the next season and beyond.
I've been with Bones since the beginning. There were times it was a love/hate relationship. This season is by far the best so far!
ok this was my kind of creepy. I like the characters, love the story. i ended this really wanting to watch more.My fear: this is made by the creator of x-files. Nothing in x-files was ever explained. It was just mystery over mystery. I have invested myself in too many mysterious shows that never revealed the whole story or ended too early: X-files the 4400, firefly, even that damn Lost.This is a group of people thrown together mysteriously but maybe they are thrown together for a reason? There was a tension throughout that just got worse as it went. Lots of unanswered questions. Please make more of these so I can get some answers! But if you do create this, make sure SOMETHING gets answered.
It's sad that you can't catch up on one of the greatest police dramas of all time anywhere on TV.
This is a deep thriller so you'll need patience with the storyline as it eeks out clues bit by bit. To bad AMC didn't think it was worthy of a 2nd season.
Excellent acting, great plot, cant wait for season 4. I saw the first Dallas with Rr did think this would keep my interest but it did.
You are going to watch this.  The ending was interestingly done, you'll find that [spoiler] when [spoiler] rather than [spoiler] [spoiling] [spoiler].
nickelodeon you just CANNOT go wrong!!! great imagination and cute, great kids show. also something different for kids that never have been on a farm. we will see it again and AGAIN...:&#62; im sure but that's great!!!
We have watched from the beginning and it is worth going to and starting at the beginning! Very interesting cast and you have to love Brennan and Booth are super together!
How can you not love Coulson? I will be honest I wasn't too sure about this when I viewed the first episode, but it has improved !00%. And it's worth taking the time to watch. Well done Whedons.
At the end of last season we were left with Audrey mysteriously abducted and the ambiguity of Duke's character split even further with the knowledge that he is meant to kill Audrey and that his gift/truble works by taking on the talents of others through exposure to their blood. But Duke swears that he isn't his father and means no harm to Audrey.Duke and Nathan team up to search for Audrey but they trust each other even less than usual and it seems another Haven woman has disappeared under mysterious circumstances, though her son believes that the evidence points to alien abduction. His grandfather was an alien abduction historian and taught the grandson everything he knows.Sorting out the aliens from the troubled and finding Audrey takes up the bulk of the episode and very little is added to the long-standing arcs except that the mysterious Colorado Kid who was so central during the last cycle of the troubles may be even more mysterious than he first appeared.A good but not great opening to the season, but I love Haven and believe that the writers are holding back on major revelations in order to dish them out over the entire season. Finding out who or what Audrey is and how Duke will cope with his destiny and whether Audrey and Nathan will overcome the star-crossed nature of their relationship and what the truth about the two newspaper brothers and previous incarnations of Audrey is....just so many great plot arcs and I will be tuned in on Fridays to see how it all plays out. If you are new to Haven I recommend starting with Seasons 1 and 2 and entering the troubled world of Haven at your earliest possible convenience.
Cajun justice is a great TV show. I love that southern action. down to earth real life people.you'll love it too.
The way this show is produced leaves me fascinated and captivated throughout.  Switching from the research to the walk through is fantastic and I really enjoy seeing how it's all going to work out.
Of the prime premiers I've seen so far, I've liked this the best. I was in orchestras growing up so the connection is obvious. That said, there is nothing better than seeing mad genius at work!
This is an outstanding series but I'm baffled to have watched the entire season 1 and the first episode of season 2 only to find that the next day, the entire season 2 had disappeared from Amazon. Season 2 will show in an Amazon search but you'll never be taken to where you can watch it so my suggestion is not to even bother watching this series. I called Amazon to ask why they removed an entire season overnight and they said they would look into it. As of this writing, Season 2 still doesn't exist any longer ... only the option to purchase the entire series on DVD. Is this an online 'bait and switch' effort by Amazon? The series is outstanding and I will look elsewhere online to find Season 2. Amazon just went down a peg with me. I hope this isn't a pattern and is just a fluke but the same thing happened with Rubicon. Seasons disappeared within the same 48 hour period.All that having been said, this series really shows what German occupation would have been for the UK and is a 'must see'. I'd suggest you search online and find a site that has the subsequent seasons.
I am not big on animated stuff but I really enjoyed this show. The animation is cool, the main characters are cool and I like how its kind of a Star Wars Mockumentary. I hope it gets made into a regular show.
Mr. Benjamin's voice overs are hilarious on Archer. i stumbled across Archer on YouTube and now have been catching up on the entire series. To me the scripts are very funny and the series does not adhered to the usual good over bad guy themes. i enjoyed the way the characters in this series are made to flaws but also  very shrewd and capable of fulfilling their roles. Ex. Archer is so occupied with sex and a bit of a  narcissus but can handle himself in gunfights, etc.Will keep viewing as long as the humour is there.
Based on childhood fairy tales.  Always different and interesting.  Good casting and acting.  Centers around Snow White & Prince Charming.  They are always fighting the bad queen-Regina.  Each week is a different story based on a fairy tale.  Very entertaining.
With the conclusion of season one, I had to admit I wondered exactly where this show could go. After all, the curse was lifted.And, the second season asks, "Really? Was the curse truly lifted?"Great stuff. I look forward to seeing where this roller coaster is headed.Road Trip
If you like Scarrrrry ghost stories, this one is very scary. All stories are true and the stories told are the type of stories that will keep you thinking even after it's over!! You won't be dissapointed. Season Two & Three are the best. But Season 1 is not so bad I would give Season 1 a 4 star!
Such an entertaining television show... Unique to what is currently available. I'm definitely hooked and will be back for more when Season 2 comes out.
My plan was to wait until all the episodes aired and then sit down and watch them back to back with no commercials as I did the first five seasons. But delayed gratification was out of the question after the first two episodes became available to me on Amazon. In my opinion, it's the most entertaining series ever to light up the tv screen. Wish there were 6 stars to give it.
this was a very good dvd to watch.i had no problems with these people at all,i would recomend you to buy this.very good to watch if u never seen.
I started watching this because of the interesting casting and because of the genre: another police procedural, I know... But I was hoping for something really good, and it seemed like it had such potential, especially with the casting:First off, I admit, I wanted to see how Diane Kruger was going to pull off being an El Paso detective. (I didn't read any of the pre-premiere entertainment press, so I didn't know anything other than, it was patterned after the Swedish/Danish original series, and Kruger was cast as an El Paso detective.) I gotta say -- she has amazed the *bleep* out of me with this role. I only knew her from Tarentino's Inglourious Basterds, and I thought she was really good in that, though I haven't seen her in anything else. (I just haven't gotten around to it yet. I have a very, very long Netflix and Amazon Prime queue and wishlist). Her vocal coach must be really great, but it's still all her. Yet that is so little of how she plays the role, I'm just getting it out of the way.To all the critics who wanted the Asperger's aspects of Kruger's character Sonya to be specifically mentioned and discussed -- seriously? Why? Is it that necessary to have characters "tell" us what their dysfunctions are, in completely unrealistic ways? Have we become that lazy as viewers? Well, not me (and, judging by many of the reviews here, MANY people agree). I know (and am related to) people with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) (the new term for everything from severe autism to Asperger's and milder forms than even that). None of them ever announced their disorder to anyone (for some, it was quite obvious, of course). For the more Asperger's-ish, they were just their guileless selves -- obviously a bit "off" in some harmless (and occasionally really annoying ways), but often very interesting if you can simply take them as they are and accept that they are "different."In my opinion, Kruger has hit it out of the park with this role. And if I had any way to tell her to her face, I would tell Diane Kruger: Do NOT change a THING about the way you play Sonya.I knew from the very first episode that Sonya was ASD. It may not have been obvious to others who don't have ASD people in their life or family, but that's the magic of series television: things develop over time and you get to know more about the characters. The revealing and development of that character over time is crucial -- for me -- because that slow reveal illuminates motivations, actions, statements, relationships or lack thereof. Over TIME is the essential point here. I don't understand why people can't allow that to happen anymore... or why it's okay for Mad Men or Breaking Bad, but it's somehow not okay for The Bridge, or a German actress playing an El Paso detective, or whatever problem people have with the situation.Sonya Cross is a complex character, but I think Kruger has done an amazing job playing her; I would not change a thing. She isn't over the top with it in the way that Monk was with his OCD. She has the body language, the sidelong looks, the not meeting people's eyes as often or as continuously as neurotypicals, the off-set stance, the focus on minutiae -- but most accurate, to my mind, is her utter guilelessness, her matter-of-factness (about things non-ASDs wouldn't be matter of fact about), her unfailing and unflinching honesty, even when (especially when) it's socially inappropriate or awkward... and her great awkwardness with people, with conversation, with social interaction.I disagree with a reviewer who said Kruger's visit to a bar was unrealistic for someone with Asperger's. Sonya wasn't going to a bar to mingle with people and socialize (but I can totally see why someone with ASD, with their often very literal interpretations of situations, actions, and behaviors, wouldn't grasp that). Sonya went to the bar with one intent: the matter-of-fact pursuit of a guy to have sex with -- in the direct and utterly socially inappropriate way a highly intelligent, socially awkward, and emotionally aloof ASD woman probably would. That's why it almost doesn't work: she literally doesn't know the behavior or language she's likely to encounter, how to respond, how to play "the game." While the scenario may be unlikely, it's not completely implausible or impossible (and Sonya wouldn't be the first intelligent, somewhat "off" woman to cut through all social "noise" in order to get laid).(I do realize how ironic it is that the nuances of the situation would be less obvious to viewers with the same or similar disorders as Sonya's. But while the writers are clearly sympathetic to ASD sufferers -- and probably even know/love/are related to some -- they themselves probably aren't ASD, which is why the series is imbued with so many layers and ambiguities that truly ASD viewers may not fully grasp in all their subtleties. Hey, we all perceive things differently, ultimately... I'm just saying there was both more -- and less -- going on in that scenario than the negative reviewer's perception of it.)But let's move on, because Kruger is not the whole show, although she's a major part if not the focal point. It's an ensemble -- and what an ensemble! Demian Bichir, with whom I was unfamiliar prior to The Bridge, is fantastic. Just watching his performance as the resigned, flawed, heart-of-gold Juarez Detective Marco Ruiz has made me want to hunt down all his previous performances, including his Oscar nominated role in "A Better Life" (which I haven't gotten to yet). Marco is not perfect, by any means, though; he has his weaknesses, which unfortunately are brought cruelly home by developments throughout the season. But his easygoing nature and his ability to tolerate ambiguities and soldier on, doing the right thing to the best of his ability within the restrictions and boundaries imposed on him from multiple angles, make him a very sympathetic character.Levine is great as the fatherly Lieutenant of Detective Sonya Cross; he "gets" her in ways her other co-workers don't. You can tell he knows she is a good cop, but she needs help with the social aspects of working with (and for) people; his subtle coaching of her is sweet without being smarmily sentimental. Matthew Lillard is so cynical and burned out he's practically odious as El Paso Sun reporter Daniel Frye, but he's not so completely odious that he's utterly unsympathetic. Emily Rios as Adrian Perez, the junior El Paso Sun reporter who's paired up with him, is also very good in a role that could easily have become a stereotype or caricature, and isn't. Annabeth Gish is handed a role that could easily be a stereotype, too (certainly seems to start out that way), but she sidesteps that with some surprising steel and verve. Her character's late husband's ranch hand Cesar, played by Alejandro Patino, is also really good. There are so many minor supporting roles that are so great on this show and really make the entire ensemble of characters believable.And let's not forget the obvious villains and questionable characters! Thomas M. Wright plays Steven Linder as well as Kruger is playing Sonya -- his character clearly has some deficits, for which he compensates, sometimes badly; his motives don't become clearer (somewhat) until several episodes in, at which point you see what drives him, how idealistic (and perhaps unrealistic) it is; then you wonder how much his past haunts him and what it makes him capable of. Juan Carlos Cantu as Captain Robles, Det. Ruiz' supervisor, comes off as one of those cultured, refined, upper class and upper rank slimeballs, only too happy to let the status quo stay exactly as it is, with a genial smile, easygoing fake sincerity, mean asides in Spanish -- and ever willing to enforce the status quo with brutal muscle if need be.Ramon Franco, as Fausto the cartel leader, is as outright brutal and vicious as you'd expect, but no less terrifying and creepy for it. But Alma Martinez, who plays Graciela Rivera, is as scary and creepy as Fausto and Robles combined, except more. She's a violent monkey wrench, not to be trifled with at ALL, whose behavior and actions you don't really see coming until they're in your face.Of course, actors can't do much with bad writing, which is the other reason this show is so good. The writing is actually very good. There are a few false steps here and there, a couple obligatory storylines that could be less cliche, but for the most part, the central conflicts and dramas are unexpected, an evolving mystery. The complexities of the characters, their interrelationships, and the complexities of the border and the bridge, the Texans and the Mexicans, the documented and the undocumented, the corrupt and the non-corrupt (on both sides), the saved and the unsaveable -- this is great TV. It just is. The unfairness of life, on both sides, for so many, is portrayed in all its ugly reality, with no sugar coating, and with the unwitting (and witting) complicity of many portrayed in all its nuances. This is not a sentimental show, but it is often poignant in unexpected ways.If you want easily solved single-ep conflicts with clues that hit you over the head -- do not watch The Bridge. I say this having watched way more than my fair share of police procedurals because I have a thing for the genre.But if you want a thinky, tough police procedural series that shows the pitilessness consequences of the border's hypocrisies and ambiguities, the easy violence and corruption committed every day on both sides of the border, and the disparities between lives and classes on both sides, with complex but sympathetic characters with vulnerabilities, strengths, and hidden weaknesses -- you will like this show. The Bridge is best when it does what the best police procedurals do: portray the truth-is-stranger-and-more-bleeped-up-than-fiction complexities of real situations and realistic characters in the area and with the people(s) where the show is set.I haven't yet seen the Danish/Swedish series The Bridge, which inspired this version... but if it's anything like this, I'm sure I'll like it. And I'll be looking for more from Bichir and Kruger and anticipating Season 2, which just got greenlit by FX. Yay!
***This movie is nothing like you would expect.................You simply can not..The film takes place in an alternate universe,.. in another place,.. and time..The genius is,.. that the rules to this alternative universe work so well, with the characters and plot..There is no way to tell which way the direction of the plot is going to go,... (because as the viewer) ,...we dont know the rules of this alternate universe....It was filmed and written masterfully,.... and is one of the best examples of cinema art i have seen in a long while...!Stunning set!  Brilliant acting and script.!..GREAT,..GREAT,..GREAT FILM !!! ABSOLUTELY !!!*** WOW! GREAT JOB TO  EVRYONE INVOLVED!ITS A PERFECT(not movie) but, FILM!!!***
I'm absolutely loving this show, however, it was a bit short lived.  Definitely rivals the amount of provocative material you see on FX, but it is not overbearing like some of the series that air on movie channels.
I laugh, I cry, I cover my eyes, I beg for things not to happen, I beg for things to happen. It's the entire range of human emotions. I avoided getting into this shows for years thinking it couldn't be for me, no way too terrible, but after watching Breaking Bad...I figure what else can TV do to me? Kurt Sutter that man is an evil genius, he's gonna do a lot to you if you watch from miles away, untouchable, untraceable a diabolical madman. The music is very in touch with the show, great actors-raw, gritty- some amazing eye candy, some sexy ugly. I love Tig for his freak factor 5,000. Jax for his smexy and jr tony soprano nod. Gemma's queen Bee is extraordinary, did her mom KNOW she was a bad seed and turn from her or did lack of a morher's love twist her this deeply dark? You gotta watch and see what I mean. When you watch your gonna have a love/hate with certain characters, the writing and the acting is just that good. I've said my peace.
Not what I was expecting. Riveting, shocking and totally real, this short film reverberates with the sort of deep moral choices it normally would take the length of an entire novel to develop. Totally worth 99 cents and sixteen minutes of any movie lovers time. Highly recommended.
I watch this series on SCI Fi channel when I can, but have missed many shows over the seasons.  Therefore, I find it great to be able to fill in the blank spots by watching the show in order.  I plan to buy more seasons and watch them all.  The idea that a vampire, werewolf, and a ghost can live together is unique and makes for interesting storylines
Great show!  I enjoy the understated English acting.  The shows are not predictable, which makes them more interesting.  Can't wait for each subsequent episode.
i love this show it is amazing i love it me and my friends watch it all day long.thank you
another favorite of my grandson. he loves little bill, it is perfect for  2 year old, with a limited attention span, not so many words, great for a quick story to finish with in a few min.
the team is a family, they are both funny and passionate.  It's fun to see the good guys win with some action, mystery and laughs thrown in.  This show is a keeper!
Lots and lots of action. Matt Smith is at his very best as Eleven, to date. As much as I miss Amy and Rory, Clara is an excellent companion. She is full of wonder and she is fearless, especially when it comes to saving the Doctor.
I have already reviewed the series in Season !, and this season was a strong part of it.  Worth watching for people who really crave deeplly human stories.
What can one say about a show that is so inventive and leaves you on the edge of your seat at the end of each episode.
Loved everything about this show.  the actors were perfectly cast in very sympathetic roles.  It was fresh, new and interesting!  Hope it makes the final cut!
The characters are interesting, and so is the back story.  We still have much to learn about the world of Defiance, and I'm looking forward to the next season.  This is a very entertaining show!
Plenty has been written about the films of David Cronenberg.  I don&#8217;t want to paint myself into a corner, but I&#8217;m one of those rare few that has failed to draw much inspiration from his works.  I think they&#8217;re smartly made; I think they&#8217;re exceedingly well told; but, in their own ubiquitous way, I&#8217;ve found them a bit too emotionally detached (in most cases) for their stories to truly mean all that much to me as a viewer.  Sure, I get the message &#8211; science has run amuck, society has run amuck, passion has run amuck, etc. &#8211; but I haven&#8217;t been touched in that mysterious way that compels me to think all that much about what&#8217;s being presented.  Rather, I&#8217;m drawn in by the presentation &#8211; perhaps I&#8217;m studying the magician&#8217;s craft when I should be just enjoying the show? &#8211; and it all ends up feeling a bit too clinical.Now, Brandon Cronenberg &#8211; son of David &#8211; has burst onto the scene; and, in one fell swoop, I&#8217;m forced to re-think everything I&#8217;ve ever thought I&#8217;d be saying about a Cronenberg, as I found almost nearly everything in ANTIVIRAL is inspired, didactic, and (oh so) satisfying &#8230; in a bone-chilling creepy sort of way.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)In the not-too-distant future, our cultural obsession with celebrity has even brought medical science into the fray: patrons with enough money to spend can now suffer the same flu that once afflicted their favorite pop star, media icon, or screen legend.  Of course, everything comes at a price, and no celebrity is commanding a higher price at the Lucas Clinic than Hannah Geist (an intoxicating Sarah Gadon), an effervescent blonde bombshell the paparazzi can&#8217;t get enough of (thick and heavy shades of Marilyn Monroe here).  Syd March (played by the increasingly impressive Caleb Landry Jones) keeps a day job injecting consumers with these viruses, but he&#8217;s secretly making a living behind-the-scenes by smuggling them out of the clinic inside his own body, parlaying them for greater personal profit on a burgeoning black market.  However, things go quickly from bad to worse when Syd secretly contracts Geist&#8217;s latest flu only to discover it&#8217;s fatal.  Before he knows what he&#8217;s done, the young entrepreneur finds himself caught between corporate conspirators who&#8217;ll stop at nothing to have the greatest and latest designer viruses for consumption!ANTIVIRAL is the kind of flick I could go on for days.  Indeed, it&#8217;s definitely going back in my queue for another look sometime this weekend.  Written and directed by Brandon Cronenberg, it boasts a brilliant script that indicts the audience as evenly as it does all of its players in the grand plot.  However, with each new twist and turn, Cronenberg&#8217;s smart story ratchets up the angst while never losing sight of its reality: life itself is not unlike a Hitchcockian plot.Jones is particularly successful at conveying both the good and bad in his characters.  With his streetwise, cocksure attitude, he can easily persuade the consumers to reach for their wallets in order to share a one-of-a-kind experience with their idols; but he&#8217;s also blessed with a cynical outlook that underscores how he sees himself as little more than a drone shucking the latest wares in the next get-rich-quick scheme for the pharmaceutical industry.  He&#8217;s dressed just like every one of the cronies he waits in line with each day, but &#8211; with the eyes of an aging adolescent &#8211; he watches Geist on the television and in person with an honest envy that quietly asks, &#8220;How can I get me some of that?!&#8221;By contrast, the media-version of Gadon practically exudes sexiness even with an act as simple as taking off her sunglasses.  Airbrushes images of her fill up magazine covers and modern art posters everywhere Cronenberg&#8217;s camera looks &#8211; in public and in private &#8211; and we&#8217;re never even shown the &#8216;real deal&#8217; when Syd shows up in her posh hotel room to extract the virus: her eyes are protected under a sleep mask, but the next time we see her in private, we&#8217;re in for our own rude awakening as she&#8217;s started to succumb to the ravages of a designer infection manufactured precisely for her DNA.Be warned: there&#8217;s a fair amount of blood (and bloodiness) sprinkled throughout ANTIVIRAL.  I never found any of it gratuitous in any way; rather, it entirely serves the purposes of the narrative, one that explores exactly how intimate a price society demands for the price of celebrity.  And all of it is handled in a very film noir manner: red splashes almost entirely on white, and the contrast is indeed chilling.I will say that I was modestly put off by the simplicity of the ending &#8211; I thought that last reveal was a bit predictable given the boldness of everything that came before it.  However, like any good Hitchcockian mystery, it isn&#8217;t always how the victim survives his (or her) encounter; sometimes, the only way to endure is to live another day.  There may be little nobility in it &#8230; but it sure beats dying.ANTIVIRAL (2012) is produced by Alliance Films, TF1 International, Telefilm Canada, Ontario Media Development Corporation, Rhombus Media, and a few others (if you&#8217;re that interested, check out the remainder at IMDB.com).  DVD distribution is being handled through MPI Media Group.  As for the technical specifications?  Wow!  This is one brilliantly rendered film, and the high quality sights and sound only add to the experience.  Lastly, if it&#8217;s special features you&#8217;re looking for, then you&#8217;re in for some treats: there&#8217;s an audio commentary with Cronenberg and cinematographer Karim Hussain as well as a relatively in-depth &#8216;making of&#8217; documentary that explores the satire in good measure.HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION POSSIBLE.  I can&#8217;t remember a better time than the last year for there to be so many intelligent and smartly crafted science fiction films in release.  UPSTREAM COLOR was one; VANISHING WAVES was a second; and now you can add ANTIVIRAL to that positive trend.  While those first two were very similar in tone and execution, ANTIVIRAL has a sharper, more critical, and more nuanced eye with a purpose of stripping down our culture to its barest traits &#8211; our obsession with celebrity &#8211; and turns it entirely upside-down in the most biting way since perhaps Stanley Kubrick was doing with DR. STRANGELOVE or maybe even much of David Cronenberg&#8217;s work (which I tend to find a bit overrated for my tastes).  Now, David Cronenberg&#8217;s son Brandon shows &#8216;genius may just well run in the family with a debut picture that certainly promises good things to come from the promising filmmaker.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group provided me with a Blu-ray DVD copy of ANTIVIRAL by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
It's got all the bases covered in this family.  Great actors and interesting premise that would make a terrific show.
Is it personal? Is it political? It's hard to determine the message being sent by a mysterious murderer with a perplexing agenda in the FX drama "The Bridge." When his violent acts, staged as elaborate "statements," get more varied--we're left with a terrific mystery that only grows more intriguing as it gets more complicated. This adaptation of the Danish television series doesn't try to mirror the chilly Scandinavian feel of the original (where the bridge of the title is between Denmark and Sweden). Instead, it wisely opts for a more volatile and timely setting. Here, the bridge connects El Paso, Texas with Juarez, Mexico and the serial killer is working both sides of the border. In making this decision, "The Bridge" becomes more than just another murder mystery. It is also a study of contrasts in class and race, a commentary on immigration, and a gritty travelogue exploring the grim realities of life on the border.The FX channel, to me, has long been a leader in adult and challenging programs. In fact, they virtually changed the landscape of basic cable original programming with two of my all time favorite shows in "The Shield" and "Damages" and provocative button-pushers like "Nip/Tuck" and "Rescue Me." If not for the adventurous FX (which continues to churn out some of TV's best shows), I don't think other networks (especially AMC with hits like Mad Men and The Walking Dead) would have been as likely to develop original programming. So thank you FX! Not all of the great shows should be on premium cable! And, let me tell you, "The Bridge" fits comfortably into the niche of quality entertainment made for audiences looking for great storytelling. I'll be honest, though, I wasn't totally won over with the premiere of "The Bridge." Its unraveling plot points, complex characters, and intensifying mystery drew me in a bit more with each episode. I started out liking "The Bridge," but have ended up being its biggest proponent. Like a fine novel, the series requires attention and patience, but that commitment is duly rewarded.The initiating crime in "The Bridge" is a show-stopper. A body is discovered halfway between Mexico and the United States on the busy crossing point. Upon closer inspection, though, the corpse is revealed to be two halves of different bodies. One victim is a prominent American, the other is a murdered Mexican. Uniting both countries, the task force leading the investigation is headed by Juarez cop Marco Ruiz (Demian Bechir) and American detective Sonya Cross (Diane Kruger). Each has a complicated back story. Ruiz seems to be a good guy struggling in a corrupt system, Kruger suffers from Asberger's Syndrome and is haunted by a violent past. I know that many who sampled the series were put off by Kruger's portrayal of a difficult character. I, too, was initially wary of yet another scarred lead (both Homeland's Claire Danes and Hannibal's Hugh Dancy--ironically, married in real life--already push my crazy quotient when it comes to professional crime fighters). But as the series settles into its groove, I was more and more fascinated by this take especially as more intimate moments were revealed.As I mentioned, though, this event on the bridge is just a starting off point to more elaborately staged crimes. Matthew Lilliard and Emily Rios play El Paso reporters caught in the middle of the nightmare and both are terrific. And another story thread involves Annabeth Gish (my choice for most underrated actress working today) as a wealthy widow who discovers her former husband was involved in some interesting border activity of his own. The various story threads weave around each other expertly. As they overlap, the show develops a real resonance. Other great performances are given by Ted Levine as Kruger's boss and Catalina Sandino Moreno (Oscar nominee for Maria Full of Grace) as Bechir's wife. I want to save my last remarks for Bechir, though, who turns in one of the season's finest performances. Already an Oscar nominee (for A Better Life), his multi-layered work here is a major selling point and should be considered as next year's EMMYs roll around. Overall, I loved "The Bridge." It starts with a good idea, but continually gets better and better as the episodes move forward. It may not be the most popular show of the summer, but for me, it has been one of the most satisfying. KGHarris, 8/13.
American Experience series was very educational and entertaining.  We highly recommend it!  We looked forward to watching it each night.
I discovered this series quite by accident. Having watched and appreciated Masterpiece Contemporary: Place of Execution, I was keen to read the novel (which inspired the TV adaptation) by Val McDermid. The novel was very well-written, and a nail-biting suspense thriller. Then I discovered that Val McDermid wrote other novels as well, and a couple of them inspired the TV crime drama Wire in the Blood.I finished watching all of Season 1 and have become a fan of this gritty crime drama that follows the investigations led by DI Carol Jordan (Hermione Norris). She is assisted by clinical psychologist Dr. Tony Hill (Robson Green), a rather eccentric figure who delves deeply into the minds of serial killers, studies patterns of criminal behavior and profiles criminals. His methods may seem strange at times, but he always manages to get results. Both Jordan and Hill make a strange if compelling pair, with Jordan analyzing a case based on evidence, and Hill working based on his knowledge of deviant behavior and what makes people commit disturbing crimes.Unlike some of the "cozy" mysteries such as the long-running Midsomer Murders - Set One and The Complete Inspector Lynley Mysteries, Wire in the Blood is not for the faint of heart. The crimes are horrific, sometimes involving children, almost always patterned on deviant behavior and the suspects are almost always very disturbed individuals. The crime scenes are difficult to watch as are the way victims are found and even the forensic examinations are graphic and unsettling. Though compelling, this is not really a show to watch in one sitting, and may very well give viewers nightmares.The first season contains three main stories, each divided into two episodes:The Mermaids Singing - Hill is on the trail of a seriously disturbed serial killer who targets homosexuals.Shadows Rising - The skeletal remains of a young woman is found, and when further evidence turns up, DI Jordan and Hill realize they have a serial killer on their hands, one with a penchant for dark-haired young women.Justice Painted Blind - Another unsettling case, this time revolving around an old child abduction and murder case. A couple of apparently random murders turn out not to be so random after all when it is discovered that the victims do share a connection involving an old court case where the accused was found not guilty. This throws up a whole bunch of suspects, including the parents of the murdered girl.The writing on this crime drama is excellent, and Robson Green is credible as the clinical psychologist who has a rare knack for profiling and getting under the skin of some of the most dangerous criminals. The drama also explores the chemistry and tension between Hill and DI Jordan, all of which result in a riveting show that keeps viewers coming back for more.The streaming was good overall with only a little delayed streaming during Episode One. There were no glitches on the other episodes. The picture quality could be improved though as it did seem a bit grainy to me.
This is a great movie. I really wish the series would start up again. I LOVE all of these characters. The movie was interesting and kept me interested.
If you enjoy some good ole backwoods gun play mixed in with some down to earth comedy, and a deputy marshal who enjoys living life on the edge, this is the show for you.
Awesome, gripping from the word go!This is an &#34;end of the world&#34; thriller.  At the end of episode one you still have no idea what happened but clues have begun to filter in.Spoiler ahead:All of the &#34;group&#34; share a birthday.  Several have distinguishing marks and tattoos that they share with the creature we see briefly in the end.It appears to be a demon......  Who knows!?  That's the fun part.So far so good, but we'll see if it keeps the momentum.  It is critical that the characters refrain from stupid moves no one would make---'running into a basement while being hunted by a demon that lives in the dark' is the kind of thing the rest of us know we would not be so stupid and do.  If  this show can avoid those moments for the characters I'll keep watching it.So far the suspense and premise is excellent.
Wow! Who knew this show would be such a hit? It is a mainstay in out TV line up. Good laughs and fun.
Just as good as the first one. I would say better but that would be seriously impossible.Go Jack.Oh and Chloe
I thoroughly enjoyed this film.  As an amateur photographer with dreams of being a photo journalist, this film hits home but at the same time, and much like in the film City of God, it brings to light the tragedies a photographer must face in violent and volatile situations.  The dangers are real and a combat or high-risk photographer must accept those dangers and the toll the images they attempt to capture have on the world, the subjects, and themselves.  This film shows much of this effectively.I believe many think that The Bang Bang Club is supposed to be about the last days of Apartheid in South Africa as seen through the eyes of four photographers.  In fact, and being that the story was written by the two remaining members of the club, it is about four photographers who just so happen to be covering this world changing story from 1990 to 1994.  This is because, the story is supposed to be about the photographers.  For once instead of their images being the center of attention, in this case they are and it is not necessarily meant to bring awareness of Apartheid - well into the 21st century, the world is already aware of the atrocities in South Africa due to the policy meant to subjugate an entire group of people.  It is about these four photographers and indeed about all photographers that put their lives, psyche, and the nature of being human on the line.  They turn their compassion and rationale down so that they can bring us a visual tale of the situations they are witnessing.  And as this film shows, these crazy photographers are necessary and some of us do appreciate them.
This is an awesome show.  It really makes you stop & think what these people experienced & all the mentally ill people out on the streets today.  Everyone of these people are so lucky to be alive.  God had to be watching over them to get them through what they had to experience!  You wouldn't wish any of this on your worst enemy!I wished there was more than 1 season, once you start watching you have to find out how they made it out alive!
Who thought the safety of the prison would last...??  Season 4 is off to a great start and it's clear that the influx of new people from Woodbury has introduced a huge set of issues that will need to be addressed as we proceed into the season.  Having cut the cable/satellite ties about a year ago, it's fantastic to jump in and watch commercial free the day after air.  My only complaint so far is that I can't get Talking Dead (the 1 hour after show) via Amazon.  This seems to be the only show that I have to go without at the moment, and it was fun to see cast, crew, and celebrity commentary immediately following the episodes to help process all the details and clues that crop up.Anyway, I digress.  To sum up, if you are a Walking Dead fan that wants to own the season you won't be disappointed (at least so far).  I've yet to be really let down by the content and hope to see AMC carry this production on well into the future...
Hercule is sooo funny when he says he's not French; he's just so offended. Honestly, I love this character and all of the episodes.
I really like this show. I find it extremely entertaining and I love the &#34;cleanliness&#34; of the show (not the cast, the show)
This is really an excellent show so far. The interplay between Karl Urbans character and his android partner is outstanding. The willingness on the part of the writers/director to take some chances in each episode really pays off big time. They are able to ride the line between things that are socially acceptable and not acceptable really well. They also really pay attention to the little things....very detail oriented show. For example, in one episode, Urbans character is trying to find a terrorist in the midst of office cubicles and a firefight ensues. Rather than hunker down and trade fire, he fires, moves to a different position, fires, then uses his cell phone alarm as a distraction to finally get an open shot on the terrorist. The use of the phone was clever, but the constant movement during a firefight is exactly how it should happen, and that little attention to detail really carried the scene much further than the scene might have otherwise been. I fully recommend this show. Possibly the best series to come out in quite a while IMO.
Any actor who can raise the concerns of his audience for his character the way Mr. Taylor does gets my utmost rating.  The series also enjoys the benefit of excellent supporting characters, excellently portrayed by excellent actors and actresses. Anyone looking for an &#34;Old West&#34; flavor to their modern day crime dramas should really enjoy this series.
Law and Order 16 Still Rocks! Unique ideas, excellent characters, top-notch acting. Law and Order 16 Still Rocks! Two thumbs up!
Love this season as I do all of their seasons. Chum lee and the guys are as always great. Love the new shop
Inspector Lewis is wonderful!  Morse would be proud to see how Lewis carried on after his untimely demise.  Three cheers.
The writers had a couple episodes where they must have been on brain vacation but the new twists and turns they are putting in are really great.  I wish they had an episode EVERY week!
Terrific action packed series. Absolutely loved it!. I purchased the first episode of season 4, but will wait until Prime has it free.
Great episode and really this series is so much more interesting than the U.S. edition. I understand the budget for filming is small, so I recommend the directors cutting the U.S. version and adding it to the U.K. version, which is more entertaining.
Im sure everyone knows the orinals are part of the vampire diaries series. This show is awesome and shows more of their side! My husband and I both love this series! If you love the vampire diaries then this is a must watch!
I stumbled upon this series and am now a huge fan. The main character is an odd ball who has figured out how to survive the hand he was dealt. Each story has good plots. The characters are interesting and quirky. The main mystery continues from one episode to the next.I am now on series 2 and don't want this series to end!
The Walking Dead is back and as good as it ever was. Don't even think about watching season 4 if you haven't seen the first 3 seasons. Start from the beginning. You won't regret it.
This is good stuff! More please! I watch a lot of shows/movies in this genre and this is right at the top. Not perfect but very very good. Can't wait for the next one! It was cool to see some &#34;The Wire&#34; alum in there too not to mention Herschel...after having been decapitated recently.
I am enjoying the series. I enjoy history and learning more about historical events. I am learning more about leaders of WWII
This is one of the best quality shows on TV.  I really truly cannot wait for next season to start
Though our beloved JR has passed onto the Big Ranch in the Sky, Dallas continues and is as awesome as ever! Really, the drama gets pretty intense as the show continues. Hopefully, we will see the big and final demise of Cliff Barnes soon.
LOVED WATCHING THIS SERIES ON MY KINDLE. SORRY IT'S OVER. SORRY TO SEE CHARACTERS LEAVE BUT LOVED PATRICK DEMPSEY AND ELLEN POMPEO AND THEIR HAPPY MARRIAGE.
What an interesting series...filmed in toronto and pretending to be nyc.  only the natives recognize local sights and buildings.  writing is excellent and acting is great.  gabriel macht is a loveable douchebag well paid lawyer.  he grows on you and his new side kick slash apprentice steals the show!
Want to sit glued to your chair, watching episode after episode?  Then Season 3 is for you!After a friend recommended Justified, I watched / enjoyed Season 1 - right after it came out on DVD.  So, I started to watch this season, thinking I would just see what I remembered.  Wow - it grabbed me, and I wanted to see each episode, one right after the other.
This was the final season and a good season it was.  Personalities died and others emerged.  The show started the way it ended, with Tony in therapy (w/Carmella), Meadow, her usual brilliant self, truly growing into daddy's little girl, becoming a lawyer as a result of all the stuff she saw growing up, voicing her very strong beliefs.  Tony Jr., well, he lived up to the potential of uber rich New Jersey kids, dumped  the brown GF and took a BMW and an easy trail to his dreams.  Tony was facing another potential indictment, his solution, take the family to a dinner.In the end you could make him out to be a gangster, or just a guy providing for his family in the best way he knew how.
Unfortunately, I don't have time to read the books.  One day!This is one of my favorite shows.  There's suspense, mystery, drama, tension and chemistry - all the things I love.  I have not been disappointed since I first started watching this series last season, mid season.  All the actors (and actresses) are convincing as their characters.Who tried to kill Branch?  He still looks awful, which is a sign of good acting and is a testament to the make-up department's skills.Why is Vic still being stalked?Will Henry be exonerated?What's going on between Vic and Walt?Will Walt ever open up to someone besides Vic?My favorite episode just aired last night.  I loved the wilderness experience story.  The cuff idea was amazing.  I didn't want that episode to end.  I didn't think who actually committed the crime was the perp.  Great writing!
Great episode, I love how each one gets better and better. Now if Joan would wear some sleeves, I would be much happier.
I love anything supernatural and this show hits the nail on the head!  The actors are believable and good looking to boot! The action sequences are fabulous and the story lines are terrific.
I can't get enough of this show.  I find it incredibly interesting to watch how the people develop as they work through their issues.
Note: I have seen the first two episodes with XFinity On Demand in HD.Yes, you read correctly, my friends. Southfork is back in operation after 20 years, plus or minus a few television movies. Bobby, Sue Ellen and, of course, J.R., have returned for more double dealing, wheeling, backstabbing and deceiving. Joining them are John Ross Ewing III (born at the end of season 1 of the first DALLAS) and Christopher (apart from knowing that he's Bobby and Pam's adopted son, I don't know-nor do I want to know-anymore, as I plan on viewing every season of DALLAS on DVD).Let me begin with the pros.PROSBringing back the original cast...well, some of them, anyway. It would have been a real disappointment to call the show Dallas and not bring back Bobby, Sue Ellen and J.R.Bringing back the theme song, though it's also a con, and I'll explain why in a minute.A strong storyline. I personally don't think that Patrick Duffy, Linda Gray and especially Larry Hagman would have agreed to appear on the show if there hadn't been a good script. It's a really involving plot, and it keeps getting thicker in a good way. Plus, you really care about the main characters, just as you did in the original series. There are more double-crosses to come...CONSBeginning with the second episode, the sexual content is amped up considerably from the original series. Back in 1978 and throughout DALLAS' fourteen season run, the sex was only implied and even then, it was handled discreetly. I can understand such a scene making its way into a show like The Borgias, when that is what actually occurred; however, to bring sex scenes into the continuation of a classic television series does a grave injustice to the first series.The classic theme song has not only been edited from its original run time of 1 minute, 13 seconds, but it has also been reworked. That also does a major disservice to the show.So, there you have it. The pros and cons of what I think are the new Dallas.
I can not begin to describe how much I enjoyed this movie. Made in 2009 and sitting on the shelf for 4 years now all I could think to myself while watching it was why did was this film held back while so much drek made it's way to the big screen? Why weren't we allowed to watch this film in theaters rather than having to wait to see it at home?For those unfamiliar with the character Kane was a creation of author Robert E. Howard prior to his writing his most famous character Conan the barbarian. As a pulp fiction character he was perhaps as widely read but for some reason never considered as marketable by film makers. Until now.James Purefoy stars as Kane, a ruthless privateer in 1600 supposedly working for the King but in truth working only for himself. For Kane killing is an art that he does well and often as he and his men cut their way through body upon body as they try to find a treasure considered lost and hidden. As they approach the room said to contain this treasure, Kane and his men are separated. While hearing their death screams Kane finds the treasure but at the same time finds someone waiting for him. This is the reaper, sent to collect Kane's soul to be taken to Hell. Kane escapes intent on doing anything he can to redeem himself.Several years later we find Kane living in a monastery. He has sworn off his past ways, making an oath to never raise a hand or rapier against any man. Living a life of penance, Kane is approached by the head of monastery and asked to leave. God has spoken to him and told him that it would be best if Kane did so.Kane obeys and on his trek to find what God has intended for him he is attacked and robbed, refusing to lift a hand against his attackers. Found by William Crowthorn and his family, puritans on their way to America, he is mended and travels with them for a time. During their travels they come upon a village where everyone was wiped out in what appears to be a witch burning. Everyone except a young girl who swears her family was taken from her. When Kane recognizes her for what she is she marks the William's daughter Meredith and disappears.Their travels continue and one day Kane walks ahead in the forest and comes across a group of mercenaries capturing people and caging them to take to their home base. When he returns to the Crowthorns he finds them under attack as well. Refusing to fight, he witnesses their deaths with the exception of young Meredith who is captured. William, knowing what Kane is capable of, makes him swear to save Meredith. Turning his eyes to the heavens Kane asks what God wants of him. It is then that he realizes he was sent here to use the skills he acquired as a killer in the hopes of saving the land from these mercenaries and the marauder who leads them.Back to his killing ways Kane confronts numerous bad guys, finding himself in situations where he's never quite sure who to trust. In the end his skills help him not only rid the world of some terrible people but lead him towards Meredith as well. Will Kane be placing his soul in jeopardy once more by living his life like this? Or will his attempt to rescue someone be the one redeeming feature needed to save his soul?This movie is a fantastic action film that not only delivers scene for scene thrills but offers tons of story to go along with it. Background stories of Kane when he was young, discovering who is behind this plague of murder across the land and the battle Kane struggles with for his immortal soul blend together to make a tale that would serve Howard proud.The movie is just now released on blu-ray and all I can say is that it is one of the most spectacular displays of imagery that I've seen on film in some time. Every shot feels like it is about to pop off the screen at you and this movie is NOT in 3D! The clarity on display is so sharp as to be razor keen. The composition of the shots by the director and cinematographer are splendid with each one being the most perfect shot they could have gotten. There is not one shot in this film that seemed incomplete or done imperfectly.The acting is wonderful as well with Purefoy taking on the task of playing Kane in both his wild days and his repentant ways with equal skill. It would be easy to swagger around swinging a sword and looking evil at all times. But in the character of Kane Purefoy shows the inner struggle that he feels with each confrontation he avoids and then with each death he brings about. He wants to do the right thing and thinks that is to not kill or defend himself. When he finds out this is not his path, he takes to his old ways like a duck to water but at the same time feeling remorse that he didn't have early on.There is only one sad thing about this film and that is that it never received the attention it should have. As I said this movie was better than probably 75% of the movies I saw this past year and deserved to be treated better. This IS a movie that you will watch and wish that they would make sequels to. While it's rather doubtful that will happen, perhaps enough copies will be sold to make that dream come true. If not, at least we have this film to hold on to and watch over and over wishing that the path of Solomon Kane were one we could follow again and again.
If you haven't watched any of the Supernatural shows you are missing out on a great show! This show rocks! I really hope they don't end the show after 5 seasons like the creator keeps saying he's going to do. You can keep supernatural stuff going forever! I get the magazine which I highly recommend too. You learn a lot of stuff about the actors and what's going on with the show in the book. Also has some hot posters too. The music for the show is always awesome! I wish they could get a soundtrack out if they haven't already. I know there were some problems with that in reading the magazine. We can only hope. Once again..I highly recommend this show..you will not be disappointed!
Both the making of the bread and the aluminum foil look like dirty processes.  They never show the foil being washed at any point. And the production line for the bread looks dirty as well.
I was so pleased to see this show available on Amazon Prime. It is a show you need to watch from the beginning in order to enjoy all of its nuances. If you're old enough to remember the Reagan administration and this country's philosophies during that time, you'll enjoy this show's allegiance to the time and sentiments. The acting is excellent, the production first-rate and the storyline gripping because it isn't pure fantasy. Excellent TV.
Action, romance, good plots, charismatic actors, just an all around good series. Hope the show continues for quite a while.
Awesome tv series. My son loves blue clues. Wish it was on more often. He likes then one where Blue talks in the videos too
This is a series I'll watch over and over again, so well done and very intriguing.  I've got them all and would love to see more.
Having once lived in Unalakleet this show is extra special. It shows the wild side of Alaska and the great people that live there. Its a show my husband and I can enjoy together. Keep them coming.
Loved it! Really sucky that theirs only one season and a HUGE cliffhanger! Would love a continuation of some kind!
NORMAL PEOPLE, NORMAL PROBLEMS,BUT EXTREME SITUATIONS, VERY FUNNY SHOW,VERY, VERY VERY,FUNNY SHOW, PLEASE WATCH IT, YOU WILL LOVE IT,TRUST ME.
This show is really witty and I like how he pokes fun at his guests without them even being aware that he's mocking them in front of his viewers.  Like all of his nudity too!
Based on a King novel, we meet the residents of a portion of Chester's Mill who are trapped beneath an impenetrable and invisible dome. No one is to be trusted ... but you know who the good guys are ... even so, everyone has secrets. Under the Dome is another one of those shows of only 13 episodes so we have to wait 'til next year to find out what happens next ... I guess I could read the book, but I'm enjoying the suspense of waiting for the next season.
Loved the show. I missed a few episodes so I binge-watched the entire series before watching the movie.It was what I hoped-it did not disappoint. I am not as hypercritical about every detail. I just like the characters, miss them and was glad to see all (missed one) in the movie.If you even remotely enjoyed VM before, rewatch it all and rent this-it wil not disappoint!!!!
This series never fails to surprise me with how funny he can be. I completely understand why it's consistently one of the top rated shows!
Love the whole premise behind this adorable sitcom.  Great cast with great chemistry to make their crazy situations believable.  I love that the language and even sexual exploits are handled appropriately.
THE PACT starts out as a disappearance mystery, turns into a ghost story, and winds up as something else entirely! Its best to go into it not knowing anything about the finer details of the story. Caity Lotz is perfectly cast as the woman who is compelled to solve the puzzle of her childhood home. Where did her sister really go? What happened to her cousin? Casper Van Dien (STARSHIP TROOPERS, SLEEPY HOLLOW) plays the skeptical cop, who slowly comes to see that something very odd is going on. Filled w/ foreboding and dread, THE PACT crawls down your spine like a chilly spider, right up to the freaky finale! A wonderful movie to lose sleep over...
This is a story about the struggles of crab fishing, with the sea, the boat, and mostly with the personnel.
So-what's it like living the the era of Apps.  Who can imagine?  Well maybe the betas are a small sample of the what it like  in the fast pace digital world that most of us, boomers, can't even imagine.  I like the characters, the language takes some getting used to and yet I LIKE it.
Witty and sharp,  I will be watching this one, great cast and genuinely sharp and funny writing This one is a keeper
Most of the episodes are a bit more imaginative, but what's really better is the storyline with the royals and the girl losing her memory. I thought the volcano episode kind of was lame though.
I never thought that a TV series would be made that would have such a believable character... the actors in this new show were well picked.
I don't know which is worse -- this show or the fact that I can't stop watching it. I know it is so, so wrong on so many levels, but I don't care, 'cause it's just that good!The brilliance here is in the editing. I love how they catch a mother stating that she never would let little Desdamona Divine do pageants, but she loves it so much and constantly begs to be there. Then we cut to the child screaming, begging, crying and writhing on the floor yelling, "No, Momma -- I don't want to do this!!" I'm sad for the child, but cheering at how the mother is outed as a prize jerk.Another mother will go on and on about how her child can't be defeated because this or that, as the camera zeros in on her crazily enthusiastic bug-eyes and grin. And then the camera just stays focused on her face for  that extra moment too long, revealing just enough doubt and embarrassment to expose the truth of the matter.In essence, Toddlers & Tiaras is more of an expose on kiddie pageants than an exploitation, and I can't stop watching.
Excellent show - great writing, acting, directing, everything!  Bosch feels like a fully fleshed-out character immediately, thanks to Titus Welliver.  The story immediately draws you in and keeps you engaged.  I really hope this one gets made into a series.
The lead character is cute.  The guest stars are great and I'd like to see that continue.The story is interesting and has a lot of potential about a startup tech company (and it's not another legal series).  Science is awesome even if it's dumbed way down.  I like the quirky characters.Please Amazon, may I have some more?
As an American, there is more about British culture that I don't totally get than I would have thought.  Of course I have no idea how &#34;real&#34; this show is, but it is fascinating to watch - to observe the differences.  Characters are well developed, and brilliantly acted.  The mysteries keep you guessing.  What more could you ask for?
Again like all the other parts of this series, I was happy to have good story line...watch all the series..
Walt Longmire is a little grizzled, he's more lumbering than lithe, and his sense of humor is dry and a little dark.  He's sheriff of Absaroka County, in the high country of Wyoming, an old school lawman who doesn't have a cell phone and enjoys the occasional pinch of snuff -- and he's harboring a deep, dark secret.Recently widowed, Longmire runs a department that includes Vic Moretti, street smart city girl who is doing time in the boonies because her husband's job (and her own deep dark secret) brought them there -- and she's not exactly happy about it. She's a big athletic blonde who sees the bruises on Longmire's soul and tries to protect him. Vic may have more than just a casual interest in her boss...but lets face it, he's a widower, he's gorgeous, he's still mourning for his wife, there's something mysterious about him (that dark secret). No woman with one red blood cell could resist. Bailey Chase, a hunky young deputy,  thinks he knows more than Longmire and he's after his job. Chase is the occasional lover of Longmile's troubled daughter, has a rich daddy and the financial backing of some smart casino money. He's arrogant and inexperienced, but he's not the villain of the piece. Chase has a grudging admiration for Longmire and, while he may come close, he doesn't cut corners when it comes to ethics.A Martinez is always good to watch and he's at his best here as the local Cheyenne tycoon with a finger in every pie.  And then there is Henry, Longmire's best friend. Henry Standing Bear is beautifully played by Lou Diamond Philips. Henry runs the local dive bar and is a link between the Sheriff's office and the local Cheyenne community.Tribal politics and local politics butt heads, murders happen, the mysteries are always interesting, Longmire is complex and likable, and the rest of the cast holds its own admirably.  Those deep dark secrets are hinted at and remain tantalizingly mysterious and (as of midway through Season 2) unresolved. The location plays a big part in almost ever episode. All that rugged hill country, endless plains as far as the eye can see, deep forests. It's a visual love letter to Wyoming...except that it's not.  The show is filmed in Las Vegas...the Las Vegas that's in New Mexico, that is.And while we're spilling the beans, Robert Taylor, who plays Longmire, comes across as the perfect ideal of the Western Male, with those faded denim eyes, the broad shoulders and that slow way of talking. But he's about as American as an emu. The actor comes from Down Under.The television show is based on the Walt Longmire mystery novels by Craig Johnson. My curiousity is piqued and I may take a look at them. Most detective novels and detective shows don't interest me, but Longmire has me hooked.  Not the greatest thing to grace the small screen, but solid entertainment that is well done on every level. Each episode of Season 1 maintained a high standard and so far the new batch is just as good. I just finished episode 3 of Season 2 and in addition to getting another piece of the Longmire Dark Secret Puzzle, I watched a well-written mystery unfold, saw some additional character development, and learned a little bit about hemlock, elderberries, Basque traditions and Guernica. Not bad for a TV show.  Longmire deserves all five stars.
I don't know where to start explaining this.  In a nutshell, Archer is the exact opposite of James Bond and the entire series hilariously moves on from there. Watch it!
I like all the destinations and shows in this series.  He is a great commentator and is very sarcastic...I like that!
I love this version of Pride and Prejudice. To me Colin Firth is Mr Darcy and I could watch it every week.
I found this show fascinating and compelling.An independently owned mine, is now on it's second team of miners after the first team walked off the job, due to paranormal activity.The owner has now brought in two paranormal investigators to either "debunk" or explain the activity, or record phenomena.I was surprised at how much they were able to catch. Some very compelling evidence was captured.Had to keep watching each episode, just had to know how it all played out. The final episode left it open for the mine to be reopened and worked the next spring - but did it. I'm waiting to find out if they made a second season, which I will be watching.
The Bones tv series is a great show.  David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel work so good together and even though it is a crime drama, there are also plenty of light moments that will make you laugh.  I love it and hope this series goes on for many more seasons.
MINOR SPOILERS:I have been checking Amazon several times per week since I finished watching this fall.  Still I got beat out of offering the first review.  Kudos!Plot: (not much is offered, so I am doing some editing from other sources, to give a better sense of what the program is about) Full credit to Wiki""When a group of rebels convicted as terrorists escape execution by fleeing from the year 2077 to 2012, Kiera Cameron (Rachel Nichols), a future Vancouver law enforcement officer (called Protector), is involuntarily transported with them. In order to track the terrorists down and keep them from changing the past (and presumably future), Kiera joins the 2012 Vancouver Police Department and uses the skills of a young tech expert, Alec Sadler (Erik Knudsen), to both track the Liber8 agents' pasts and provide her with the necessary information and contacts to operate in the present despite her lack of official credentials."The future of 2077 is a dystopian one in which world governments have collapsed and corporations now dominate the planet, instituting a high-surveillance, technically advanced police state and removing certain social freedoms, specifically criticism against the "Corporate Congress".""What Works:Whenever there is a plot involving time travel the writers can go in several directions, most frequently focusing on an approach that is either comic or moralistic.  Going forward in time versus going back, can also influence the direction.  How many of us have had the fantasy of receiving tomorrows newspaper today or the more altruistic, righting a wrong.  2077 offers scarcities (consumable water, fresh produce, meat, etc.) that have broadened the social gaps versus 2012.  What the writers have done here, is to blend in all of the directions in one way, shape or form.  One of the "terrorists" decides that he likes 2012.  He decides that acquiring wealth and enjoying "breakfast meats" are preferable to the self-sacrificing mission of the group.  Kiera struggles to adapt to an environment where advanced technology does not quite make all the decisions and reason, common sense and "gut feelings" play a large role.For me there is nothing that really didn't work.  Back stories from the future filter in, as most of the action takes place in 2012.  Kiera is attracted to her male partner, though remains faithful to her husband (at least in season one), who we learned was not totally faithful to her.Rachel Nichols (Kiera) of "Criminal Minds" is clearly the star, though Erik Knudsen (young Alec Sadler) dominates every scene that he is in.  You may remember Erik Knudsen from his role in the series Jericho.  Nichols somehow manages to exude "heat" despite rarely showing any skin while Sadler plays the young genius (with a touch awkward wit) very well.Note that Continuum was originally scripted for CBS, though Showcase (Canada) was more willing to take a chance on a SyFy program.  Productions values are high and there will be a season 2.*6 as a SyFy/Fantasy series and the highest allowed *5 rating for all types of programming.  I watched the entire series in 2-sittings and I challenge anyone to not do the same!
I have been a fan of this show from the beginning, never missing an episode, but season 3 but put the 1st 2 seasons to shame.  Jensen Ackles really got a chance to show what a great actor he is.  The season begins after Dean sells his soul to save Sam and has less than a year to live.  Ackles shows the broad range of emotions that one would feel knowing that they will de soon, along with terror and denial he feels about spending eternity in hell.  I thought that the show wouldn't have anywhere to go after Dean killed the yellow eyed deamon who killed their mother and Sams girlfriend in the S2 finale, ending the storyline that had driven the show for the 1st 2 seasons.  What we got with season 3 was a revitalized show that was alternated between stories that were heartbreaking , ones that kept you on the edge of your seat, and ones that made you laugh so hard you ended up crying anyway.  The best episodes of the season have got to be Mystery Spot, and Ghostfacers.  In Mystery Spot the Jokster Demon from season 2 returns and tourtures Sam by making him relive the same day over and over until Dean dies a horrific death at the end and the day rewides.  You will laugh out loud at the creative ways the writers kill Dean over and over and see a new side of Sam when he loses his brother and realizes that he is alone for the 1st time in his life.  Ghostfacers was a very different episode that brought back the bumbling ghost hunters from season 1.  Thay had decided to create their own show and collide with Dean and Sam on a hunt.  The entire episode is shot with handheld cameras (a spoof of Ghost Hunters on SciFi) and actually has a great storyline included.  If you have never watched the show before, you are missing out.  This is truly one of the best shows on TV, and not just for the action and effects but amazing performances of everyone involded.
While the plot line is primarily &#34;comic&#34;, there is always an underlying course in morality and the &#34;right thing&#34;, that never ceases to amaze. Keep 'em coming!
I found the movie very entertaining and engaging. You're watching the story play out and routing all the time for a guy trying to get away with manslaughter and fraud!  But beyond this, it lets you feel like you gain some insight into the way big money in the business world works - or could work - or at least probably has worked before.  I didn't mind the movie's seeming ending in mid-sentence.  Perhaps all that needed to be said had been said.  The movie chose its path and followed it to an acceptable conclusion both for the characters and for the viewer who is left with something to think about.  It was kind of a "happy ending", kind of an "unfinished ending" - but is there ever a finish to any story?  Some reviewers mention wanting to see him get nailed, but in a way, he is - by his wife.  The "punishment" he receives from her however is probably much more productive and beneficial to society than just having him spend time in jail.  While the movie was high-budget, high-gloss modern film-making, it ended like a noir or something out of the New Hollywood era of films made in the early 70s which often cut-off mid-sentence and made no apologies about it.  None needed here either really. In ending where it does, it doesn't try and force things - and it makes its point without having to.  What we're left with is a man about to donate a great amount of money to charity.. and for those that know nothing of the man's real story, he will go down in history as a great humanitarian.
Beautiful dancing along w/ realistic and often heart-wrenching glimpses of young students as they strive to do their best while maneuvering through varying emotional crisis.
I have enjoyed learning about the privileged in England and how their lives contrasted so much with the downstairs  where their servants lived and worked for very little reward.  The rigid rules of society dictated how both groups behaved and interacted with each other.
I was not sure how I'd feel about this show- so I approached it with skepticism, but it's really come through. The writing and acting and story are all very interesting and not super predictable. It's also shot and scored very well.
Jim Longworth (Matt Passmore), a hot, smart, new cop in central Florida. Is the headless body murder or just hungry gators? Longworth is a golfer with normal ability. He's much better with women and crime investigation.This new A&E; crime, homicide, cop drama is American fresh, laced with comedy and a bit of romance. Worth seeing. It's reminiscent of Britain's TV series "Midsomer Murders" also filled with murder, humor, and love; but the Florida location is different, not countryside England, and the characters are at least a generation younger. Will "The Glades" experience the longevity of "Midsomer Murders", lasting years and still going strong? Well time will tell, but it has a very good start. Try a set of "Midsomer Murders". Murders as delicious as chocolate.Meet the rest of the cast too. Callie Cargill (Kiele Sqanchez); Carlos Sanchez (Carlos Gomez); Callie's son Jeff (Uriah Shelton); and Daniel Green (Jordan Wall). Then Randy Cromwell (Alexis Martinez), a new detective, & Colleen Manus (Michelle Hurd).1. Pilot- TV airing 7.11.102. Bird in the Hand- 7.18.103. A Perfect Storm 7.25.104. Mucked Up - 7.31.105. The Girlfriend Experience- 8.8.106. Doppelganger - 8.13.107. Cassadaga - 8.22.108. Marriage is Murder - 8.29.109. Honey - 9.5.1010. Second Chance- 9.12.1011. Booty - 9.19.1012. Exposed - 9.26.1013. Breaking 80 - 10.3.10
I am addicted to this show. I never thought this would be the kind of show i'd like but I'm hooked. It's really worth trying. Thanks!
The series is set in a another galaxy where there are dangers unknown to the team from Earth.  If you like stories about exploration, you'll enjoy this show.
This is one of the best TV shows EVER!  It keeps you on the edge of your seat.  The characters are engaging and the storyline is intelligent.  I hope to see MANY more seasons!!
There is nothing like watching this show at night with all of the lights out and in front of a fire in the fireplace.
A. S. Season 2 - was even more surprising; more revelations; the story more twisted - a shocking conclusion - a bit &#34;sick&#34; - but I still watched.  You will too!
I love the developing relationship between the two main stars - it's quirky, but fun to watch. Definitely a keeper.
This show has a lot of interesting information and anyone can learn a lot from this show. Give it a try, it is fun and entertaining all at the same time.
I love this show!  Not a lot of sex, not a lot of sexual manipulations, not about disrespecting loud mouth children having temper tantrum over their multimillion dollar trust funds, just plain ordinary schemes and plots being &#34;fixed&#34; to maintain some level of law and order.  It's great to have a show about adults and NOT CHILDREN!!!
Hip, to the moment, funny, and simply very well done.  The characters are believable as is the plot line.  The future for a series is obvious, and I hope Amazon realizes this is a winner.  I'm 66 years old, and I can almost get jealous at the energy that flows from the cast.  I can relate to the mentor in the show.  It's just a great mix, and I look forward to the next season.
Most of us don't know and the rest of us have forgotten how dangerous and ridiculous the Cold War really was.  This program is a wonderful thriller and an amazing insight into the conflicting views of situations from both the Americans and the Soviets.  The assassination attempt on Reagan becomes a potential coup to Soviets and another nut job to Americans.  An additional fun thing would be explaining to children what those odd utensils were for in the 80's.
Getting a glimpse of the Kilcher (sp?) family life and hardships is not only interesting but informative.  They must self-sustain for all aspects of their life for basic needs like food and water to heat.  The scenery is spectacular.  The hunting and fishing is not for sport but for sustenance.  I enjoy learning about different lifestyles and this show gives a very honest view of that.
More twists & turns so far.  The Masons  et all are a fun bunch to watch!
I don't have a ton to say except I love this series. Period. Watch it from the beginning and you will not regret it.
So much fun just watching all over again where it all started.  How much Camille has changed from the first season till now.
This series has developed some of the most compelling characters on TV today.  The back story is great and is moving along while the week to week stories are very enjoyable.
I thought this show had an original plot that was quite intriguing. It's a detective show with an underlying conspiracy, and a main character that has trouble distinguishing reality from his dream world, with both worlds seeming to influence the other. I liked the cast, as well. Too bad is seems to be discontinued.
After Breaking Bad and other epic shows I never thought I would find myself waiting for the morning after again, and avoiding google to not spoil my watch of a show, but this one did it for me.Show to show you will want more.  This is a series I wish I could use the MIB pen and start over.  Kinda like breaking bad!  5 Stars for sure you will not be disappointed.  You need to get past the blood and let the idea these are zombies quick.  I know that sounds like desensitizing yourself and if you are above that I respect you and would say it's not for you.  However it's not crude and you learn to love the characters and hate the monsters.The best advice I received to fall in love with the series is to ask myself &#34;Is this how humans would really asct?&#34;  That question made the same over and over again endings seem less and less important and the actions of the people fascinating.
This is a favorite of my daughter.  Just like on TV, she is hooked and it keeps her entertained with a responsible and well-produced show.  We watch on the Kindles Fire HD
I love this series. Waiting for the next season to come out. Great characters, love Longmire and Henry Standing Bear. I like the laid back way Longmire keeps the peace. It reminds me of an Australian western. Great series. Will get the next season.
I didn't think I would like this show but was pleasantly surprised to find I liked it a lot.  The two main characters (Watson and Sherlock) were exellently cast and it works.  The premise is Sherlock is a brilliant man who had worked as a consultant with the police in solving crimes but looses the woman he loves to a serial killer, which drives him into drug use.  His father is wealthy and puts him into rehab.  When he is released his father pays for a companion to see he attends meetings and eats properly, etc.  Watson was a surgeon who kills someone on the operating table and thus leaves her profession.  She is intriqued by Sherlock's ability to see things at a crime scene that others do not.  She finds herself excited about solving crimes.  The first glimmer of interest for her since her exit from surgery.  Lots of chemistry between the two.  The police chief is well cast and his character appreciates Sherlock's abilities and makes allowances for his excentric behaviors.  Check out this show.  I'm praying it's not canceled as so many good, new shows are.  Highly recommended.
I watched it when it first came out, and am watching every show again.  Well written, directed and acted - it's the best TV show in recent history.Totally bummed that there was not a season 2.
Dark and true, or truly dark. Either way the actors who portray these real life events are cleverly chosen for their strengths in drama and comedy.
This season has started with a plethora of dynamics that hold your and interest, empathy, and a vested concern for the men that work the Bering Sea. Last year took a toll on all of them but they come back with intensity, commitment and effective passion to bring in their quota. Relationships take a number of different turns, and some people show sides that make your blood boil. Always entertaining!
I love this season and since my channel was off on our satelitte I decided to buy this season to watch while I work out.
Always has been my favorite cooking show. He seamlessly blends a little geek with a whole lot of good cooking . Brown is down to earth and very easy to follow along with.
Her favorite segment is the puppy love section.  She has watched the show 100 times, but still enjoys it a lot.  A definite winner for 3 to 4 year olds.
The enemy of my enemy is my ally... The show continues to deliver an incredible story, acting and directing. This first episode lives up to its very high expectations and then some. It is a pleasure to reunite with the series with a strong first episode. Monroe with his funny character adds a touch of softness and the chief of police whom we thought was Grimm's enemy is now trying to save him! Where do you go from such a 'wow' effect? Only higher we hope. Kudos to the actors, an incredible strong team! But is the half prince really trying to save Nick??.... H'm.
If you're a fan of the Avatar series in general, and The Legend of Korra in particular, you're going to want to pick up Book 2.  The series is starting to show a little age now, with certain themes and plot points beginning to become predictable, but the show remains very entertaining in general and still manages to throw some unexpected plot twists in there.Book 2 introduces some new lore to the Avatar, the origins and meaning of the position.  It also goes into a lot more depth on the nature of the spirit world, an important part of society for the people of this world.  Overall I found the backstory and lore to be the best part about the season, even more than the overall plot of the episodes.
It's a good story ... People getting kill all the time the young pres....try's to make the club go straight .....time is against him and the forces that be.....I really like it...
This is the best season of a show that could have been great! Great start and the story was hot. The development of the players was well done. TAfter this season the show went downhill and became trash. A must buy for people who like super heroes and villians. This is the only season oof the show that you should watch or buy.
Great acting, each episode is engaging, however there are missteps in the writing. If you watch these successively you will see established facts changed from one show to another which shakes up the continuity of the program and also suggests the writers are changing and are not going back to research what has been established in the past to create an alignment for the future.  That part is disappointing.
05/17/2014LOVE THIS SHOW...CANNOT WAIT TIL IT COMES BACK ON.IT GETS BETTER AND BETTER!!!  WAS HE NOT ON THEMOVIE &#34;STARGATE&#34;?  I AM WATCHING IT NOW.PLEASE DO NOT WAIT TOOOO LONG TO COME BACK ON LIKE ALLTHE OTHER SHOWS ARE DOING....WE ALL WILL WAIT...
My 2 year old loves Dora! He knows all of the characters names and and the story lines. My little guys has learned some of his colors names in English and in Spanish watching Dora.Also It's not a bad show to have to sit through as an adult.
Wonderful costumes, characters you will care about and carry with you long after viewing. A shame there are not more episodes.
I do not at any point in my day want to watch Law and Order, CSI, or any other of TV's formulaic crime dramas.  Bosch is different.  The first few minutes of the Pilot unravel a murder scene placing our protagonist in a difficult situation.  His decision in this scene will prove to be an ongoing problem for Bosch as a trial unfolds making it difficult for him to focus on his work as a homicide detective.  Work is apparently all he cares about as he gives away tickets to take a weekend shift during which he runs into Hershel from the walking dead who's dog has found a human bone which tosses Bosch into another mysterious murder case.
I watched Season 3 a few weekends ago in a marathon session. I stayed up all night to watch the entire season. It held my attention and made me want to watch more! I love this season of Justified!
Oh, please let's have this pilot become a series!  The writing is terrific, the acting is perfect - values are taught through laughter.  This is a winner!
I am amazed at the ratings decline from Season 1 & 2.  For fantasy fans, this is an awesome show.  From the stories crafted amongst the various characters as how they are in the present, but their histories in rich detailed background stories of how they came to be the way they are, leading to a greater sympathy, especially for the villains.  For children and adults, Henry's (the adopted son of one character and the biological son of two other characters) acting is superb and draws us in as the catalyst for unexpected changes.  So many of the sets and costumes are dazzling and clearly no expense was spared.  The CGI is great for a TV series.  If you have missed any of the seasons or episodes, I highly encourage you to retrieve them.  Last year I obtained both the Amazon Instant Video and the Blu-ray versions of this series.  This year, money is tight, so for now I'll live without the Blu-ray.  If you missed the first commercial on the 5-5-13, it is hilarious.  At any rate, this is a show that can be loved by the whole family.  WATCH IT!!
I love shows like this one that show you the thought process behind the masterpiece.  Very informative.  It would be nice if more shows like this could be created like maybe abiut Charles Dickens or Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
This is definitely high quality drama, something you'd watch on HBO. I was impressed. I do have a bit of crush on Gabby Hoffman - so there's that. But I found that the pilot laid a great foundation for future episodes. Each of the characters seemed multi-faceted and layered - and I wasn't bored one second watching these eccentric people living their flawed lives. I loved seeing this side of Jeffrey Tambor - what a poignant and touching performance. I was miffed when it was over. I could have watched all day. Well done.
If you want a realistic space exploration film, this is it.  If you want shoot em up aliens messing up humanity's day, rent Battleship, Transformers, or some other alien invasion flik.
Four episodes in and loving it (although I was captured after the first). So many questions, so few answers, but lots of action (related or unrelated?) in each episode to wait patiently for more. Love this series and glad I bought the season pass. I'm sure I'll go back to the beginning after some of the personal stories yield answers so I can see how we got there.
Not sure how they do it but they keep characters varied and complex while moving the story in so many directions. Can't stop watching!
NO SPOILERS:When Howard Stern first moved to NBC NY, management tried to control him.  He rebelled.  Then the ratings came out.  Most enlightening was that the people who proclaimed to despise Stern, actually stayed with the show longer than fans.  The reason?  "Because they wanted to see/hear what happened next!"Shameless is a cornucopia of taboos that is marketing material for the Christian Right/Family Values Coalition!  Homosexuality, drug and alcohol abuse, child neglect, frequent sex, criminality, etc.Shameless is a dark comedy that is both shocking and funny with enough gratuitous sex and nudity to take the edge off a typical Sunday Night after having spent the lion share of the day watching football.  There are also from time to time some real dramatic moments added to the mix.  However, the main reason why I regularly tune in and have rated this *5 is because I find myself in the position of continually wanting to see "what happens next."The usual comedic fare these days are situation comedies, which while serialized, are often presented in a manner so that they can be watched on a stand-alone basis.  Shameless is constantly evolving, thus to get best viewing experience one should start from the beginning.My highest rating for a dark situational comedy
This is one of the best tv shows on tv in my opinion. I love the addition of Sara Shahi she is awesome! But, I was disappointed that they killed off one of the main characters half way through the season.
I'm not crazy about my son watching TV, but I make an exception for Blue's Clues. It is very sweet and my son loves it.
Simply put, this is one of the best, horror, scifi, comedy, fanatasy and action movies I have ever seen!  Don't let the title fool you, it is fantastic and creative journey of a movie that needs a part 2!
As a fan of history and pop culture, it's always fun to see things that are old become new again.  I especially love when the projects cross over with the guys from Pawn Stars and American Pickers, all great shows!
Even if you are not a fan of Glee, you will enjoy this episode. It is actually the best episode and anyone who disagrees hates kittens. Matt Bomer's character is actually the most hilarious guest star Glee has ever had the genius to create. His acting lessons are gold and all that's missing is an awesome Neal Caffrey-style con.
Best show ever, after Burn Notice can't have enough of it. Season 2 here I come, thanks to Amazon instant!
I do wish that they didn't have so many great chefs, wish they had stuck with just regular chefs trying to make their mark.  This is more like masterchef the top chef, but I still like watching.
American Restoration, vol., 1, is a great reality show, Rick Dale's restorations are over the top. I love the idea of making old new again. He and his crew do great work. Items of the past were made to last, not like everything made today of cheap plastic. Great show.
Mirren is outstanding,and the stories are excellent. Like Morse and Lewis, the lead characters fascinate the viewer while the crimes takes the back seat to the character studies.
Love this show!  Liberal lacings of humor and really excellent actors make this series about a wildcard US Marshall in Harlan Kentucky a joy to watch.
Very rare to see a movie that attempts to communicate a story on more than one level.  This movie won't be for a lot of people.  But for those like myself,  who want to see the majestic, hear the sound of silence--this movie will be just perfect.
Amazing stories, acting and writing.  I love that no one is safe.  It keeps you on edge at all time because a character you like may get eaten at anytime.
The best show Amazon has backed yet. Phenomenal cast and the unknowns really support amazingly. I need more of this. Best cop show in a long time.
This is a very cute show for kids to learn with! They will have fun while they learn about all kinds of animals
This TV show moves so fast and furiously that you have no choice but to stayed glued even during the commercials, otherwise you're liable to miss a twist, a lie, a confrontation, managing chaos is exhausting and the show can leave you breathless by it's conclusion.
Thoroughly enjoyed these silly people. I hope A&E; doesn't keep the patriarch Phil Robertson off, when I researched and read the non cherry-picked comments he made in the full GQ article, he said nothing anyone should be offended by. Tolerance works on both sides. I believe in religious freedom as long as you're not deliberately trying to harm others with it.The buffers they didn't print:&#8220;My mission today is to go forth and tell people about why I follow Christ and also what the bible teaches, and part of that teaching is that women and men are meant to be together,&#8221;  But I would &#8220;never treat anyone with disrespect just because they are different from me.&#8221;&#8220;We never, ever judge someone on who&#8217;s going to heaven, hell,&#34; Robertson said in a less-quoted passage from the GQ piece. &#34;That&#8217;s the Almighty&#8217;s job. We just love &#8217;em, give &#8217;em the good news about Jesus&#34;&#34;I love all men and women&#34; Robertson said &#34;I am a lover of humanity, not a hater.&#34; When a member of the class thanked Robertson for saying what he said in the interview, he appeared to shrug it off, saying &#34;I didn&#8217;t think much of it at all, but it seems a lot of other people did.&#34;I would worry more about some religions who's laws say to execute homosexuals, rather than nitpick on people with traditional Christian values who get harrassed for them more than the people who claim to be victims.
I expected this one set to be a winner and it did not disappoint.  All the great characters and a positive story line each time
It is a wonderful season it helped me get into the 2nd season that just started.  Once I saw the 1st show on season 2 I knew I had to buy the 1st to catch up. LJBrown
OK, this program is in the 11th season and it is still compelling.  This is not a soap opera genre but it does have solid interpersonal relationships that track with each episode and make the mysteries a byline but it works and keeps the program number one.  I have watch each of the episodes many times.
cool stuff- you never know what is going  show up there. it neat to see and learn history there as well as see the wackiness of the guys and Chumlee.
Easy to follow recipes. I like how they modernize the classics. I'm even venturing into the world of baking since I've been watching America's Test Kitchen. I'm glad I don't have to wait a week between episodes anymore.
Once more DVD comes to the rescue of a TV series that has turned from so so ratings to solid hit. The series is BONES and there is no better way to watch this than on DVD. Why? Because once you get into the series you'll want to continue on rather than wait for the next episode.Just released is BONES SEASON THREE: TOTALLY DECOMPOSED EDITION. How can it be that this show has been on that long already? For those unfamiliar with the show its time to catch up.Based on the real life of forensic anthropologist Kathy Reichs, the story revolves around Dr. Temperance Brennan (Emily Deschanel), a forensic specialist who works at the Jeffersonian in Washington, D.C. When the FBI comes calling for assistance in the form of Agent Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz), Temperance takes to field work like a pro with an intense interest in each case presented.Along with Temperance, known as Bones to Booth, are a team of equally dedicated professionals at the Institute. Among them are Angela (Michaela Conlin) who specializes in facial and body reconstruction via sketches and computer software, Dr. Jack Hodgins (TJ Thynes) who specializes in organic materials and Dr. Zack Addy (Eric Milligan) who knows more about bones than, well, Bones. Each member of the team adds to a complete whole not only in their expertise but in their character functions as well.For the first two seasons we were allowed to explore the world of the "squints", Booth's nickname for the intelligent research team at the Institute. But as the show continued, we watched as Booth came to appreciate each individual in their own way. We also watched the sexual tension between Booth and Bones grow in the most subtle of ways as they worked case after case together.There you have it, the main crux of the series. But it's more than that. It involves cases being solved using clues found only by this team of forensic anthropologists. Each week they discover clues no mere mortal would find with the naked eye. And each week Booth and Bones have the chance to put the guilty behind bars. At the same time we get to watch the interplay between the characters as well.What you have here is a combination of age old detective show combined with the technological side shown in the various CSI series. But rather than focus mainly on the science of evidence we get that as well as interaction between characters in more familiar TV territory. Romance and buddy systems are seen in each episode as opposed to straight police work.This brings us to season three. This time around we begin with Bones acting unlike herself. Could it be because Booth sent her father to prison at the end of last season? Could it be the attraction between Bones and Booth became too much? Or could it be because Zack had decided to take a leave and head out to work in Iraq?  Just as the stories offer clues to the murders, the series offers clues and at times answers to these questions.As the season starts we find Hodgins and Angela still very much in love, still planning on marrying and still searching for the man who was a one night stand Angela married in a drunken stupor. This was an arc left open from season two that finds an answer this year.Zack returns from Iraq a bit different. Fortunately for fans of the series (and Zack) he shows up in the first episode, just in time to save the day and help find the criminal.Bones and Booth start off not nearly as close as before. Whichever of the reasons discussed that seem to have had an effect on Bones is clearly visible from the first minutes of episode one. And as the pair start to work things out, they begin therapy to help with their work.The first show offers a new challenge for viewers and the team as they encounter a secret cannibalistic society that has left their calling card. While the Gormogon killer may not be a familiar name to most, it will be by the end of this season. Not only are the guilty not found by shows end but they continue to show up during the season.A more in depth view of Bones sex life is offered as well (no, not seen) as we begin to meet the men she dates. This seems to upset Booth who does his best to hide it. The affection between these two characters may be more blatant than Scully and Mulder of X FILES but it is still held in check for the present.Humor, mystery, relationships and friendship are all regular topics in each episode of the series. And Season Three brings forth more of the human characteristics of each member of the forensic family found here. It is these human qualities and interaction between characters that makes this show the success that it is. While Bones comes off as cold and out of touch with the world around her, Seely comes off as having lived more than his years would seem. Put these two together and you come up with one of the most successful teams since Nick and Nora Charles.Extended episodes, alternate episodes and more make this box set worth adding to your collection. And if you don't have them already, buy the first two as well.This is a fresh series with great acting that makes the entire production believable. And that is what makes for good TV. And good TV now means good DVDs. Take a 3 day weekend or the holidays to get acquainted with the Bones family. It's a great mystery filled time for all.
Grimm is a show that you don't want to miss an episode.  Amazon shows it without commercials.That makes it flow better.
I own all seven seasons of The Shield; if you like the show, this was one of the better seasons.
I've watched all the pilots now and Onion News Empire is a brutally efficient laugh machine, reminiscent of the movie work of the Zucker/Abrahams crew back in the 80s when they were still funny (Naked Gun, Airplane!, Top Secret).  The other pilots range from pretty good to pretty bad; this was the home run.  Dying to see more.
Yep, I changed the BIOS date on my computer to one year from now and watched the whole third season of Longmire. It was great!
I am sure this is what should have happened to Rick and what's-her-name in &#34;Casablanca.&#34;  However, carrying that thought a step further, I am not sure where Judy came from.
My daughter, 14 years old, wanted to watch this show.  I said I'd watch it with her.  Much to my surprise, I absolutely loved it!  So does she.  It is a real favorite in our house.
Loved it from the first scene. Just having a hard time with everyone smoking. Please consider lightening g that up like they did in Mad Men. Thanks
I loved Season 7, Part One.  The Ponds are at their best.  I thought it was the perfect ending (or should I say beginning) of the Girl Who Waited and The Last Centurion.  I love how over the seasons the Ponds have matured and grown into adults, and the struggles they face with real life and doctor life.  I thought the Ponds Farewell was perfect and heartbreaking all at the same time, and really loved the touching scenes between Amy and her Melody.
Well acted and written but this is a copy cat murder that is very graphic and not to be viewed by the young viewer.
This is an excellent &#34;Contemporary&#34; western series.  It has several underlining threads of story line so you are always kept interested. .  Examples,  dealing with current issues of the western states (interaction between Indian Tribes & Local governments), Men having to fend off cougars, relationships between parents & adult children, It has all the excitement of a good John Wayne movie, Heroes,  Villains, Bullies, Cowards, lots of action, lots of incredible photography of New Mexico and Wyoming. You see everyday people, not all glamorized, skinny, young fashion model types.  We love this show.  Only problem is there are too few episodes in a season!
Glad we stumbled over this one on Amazon Instant Video.  Good plot and good characters.  Definitely worth the time to watch.
Despite the Monk-like, strange habits exhibited by the Cop-turned-Prisoner-turned-Detective, Charlie, the story provided an excellent synopsis for a cop trying to recapture what he had and then some, while secretly solving his past.  I'll give a few more episodes before making any solid commentments, but LIFE is so far, so good.
This has been a great show so far. I tried watching the British version and found it a little boring. I say give this a try from the start of the series.
Enjoyed this series, and the plots.. They were really interesting, and I would recommend it as light entertainment.  Acceptable for young people.
I've loved Natalie Zea in Justified and was delighted to see her in The Rebels. What a funny show! This morning on the way to work my husband and I joked about all the bad Atlanta drivers and wished we had a coked-up monkey with a pistol too. We started laughing again about the monkey and just couldn't stop.I really hope they put this one on!!!
'Hart of Dixie' expresses what it should be like to return to one's roots.  A genesis of struggle in which to adapt, then the intermingling of hearts and souls that can only happen through pain and glory, both.  While there is more fantasy on 'Hart' than on the Syfy channel, this is one of my favorite series.  If only...
Great show for preschoolers.  My 2 year old twin grandchildren love it and it teaches how to be a helper.
I love the intensity and controlled chaos this show delivers. The show is deep with the units assignments but also with the inner turmoil that each unit member goes through battling decisions of morality and ethics. The wives are in a similar dilemma facing their worst fears of losing their loved one, yet kept in the dark about what the husbands do and unable to speak about their husbands without endangering their lives, careers, and support from the Army who doesn't recognize the Unit in any official capacity. Great series!
We love NCIS and for some reason, we did not watch it when it started on TV.  Later when we discovered it we wanted to start watching it from the beginning.
I watched this series on telly initially and then when it became available bought the dvd to see the bits I missed. I was glad I did.At its heart this show is about eight astronauts on a round the solar system mission of exploration, pitting the immesity of their grand voyage of discovery against their own personal failings. And every one of those men and women is deeply flawed in some way, scarred by events in their past. And though I find it hard to conceive of NASA ever putting a crew together for that sort of mission with such flaws, this makes for riveting story telling.While there are a lot of sci fi elements to the story as you would expect, and I love the detail that has gone into the ship design etc, this is also a very human drama. And there is of course a mystery behind the entire voyage that is slowly revealed as they set off for their first destination - Venus. (And for once it was good to see the planet realistically portrayed forthe environmental nightmare it actually is.)This show has one flaw that I imagine might annoy some - a lot of it is told in flashback. (I seem to recall complaints against a show about a bunch of plane crash survivors on a time travelling island that encountered similar resistance). However, I did not find this bothersome in any way as the flashbacks served to advance the plot.The only other flaw I can find is that it is only one season. Though initially I expect the producers were aiming at many more seasons, ratings I assume prevented that. This is a tragedy as there is so little good sci fi on telly that this show deserved to be continued. And it also means that many of the deeper mysteries about the objects the crew were sent to retrieve from each of the planets were not answered.However even knowing that this is an outstanding show with outstanding production values, a well written plot, good acting and an intriguing mystery.I really loved it.
After turning our cable tv off I realized that I missed all the cooking reality shows.  I did a search on my amazon prime and found the series Chopped from the food network.  I've really enjoyed this cooking show because it brings chefs from all walks of life and puts them willingly into a pressure packed/timed event where they must use specific ingredients to come up with a meal fit for the title of the &#34;best&#34;.The thing I cannot figure out is often time the chef I like in a specific show ends up getting cut.  Or the dishes that look like they will move on get cut, I mean chopped! That may be a result of how the show is produced edited and how the director leads you one way and the outcome is another.  But in the end it is an entertaining series and I recommend it for viewing.
I hated for this series to end as I enjoy syfy and I thought there were some wonderful characters in this.  Over the five seasons there were a few missteps on the continuity, but nothing that made me want to stop watching.  Very well written and imaginative.
This is a quiet, contemplative film about two artists: one young and just starting out, the other old and dying.  It examines the nature of the artistic life, whether it requires sacrifice or selfishness or a little of both, and whether, when push comes to shove, you can have it all--family and a regular life as well as your art.  Frank Langella, as always, takes charge, and the story revolves around his character.  Highly recommended.
OF COURSE THE STAR HOLDS THE WHOLE THING TOGETHER; HOWEVER, HE HAS AN EXCELLENT CAST TO WORK WITH.  THE STORY LINES ARE ALWAYS RIGHT TO THE POINT AND DON'T LINGER.  A MUST WATCH SERIES. TO BAD IT IS OVER.
Mom loves the show for the pure genius that is Phineas and Ferb and their inventions. Son (who is an adult, but started watching the show when he was in the &#34;proper&#34; demographic), loves the antics and is seeing the layers of the show now. In fact, at work, one of the teams that Mom is on had a &#34;homework&#34; assignment where someone who had never seen the show (only one out of the 6 team members) had to report on what &#34;OWCA&#34; stood for. This is a show that adults can enjoy while the kids are watching, too.
DEFINED: In economics and finance, arbitrage ( /&#712;&#593;rb&#616;tr&#593;&#720;&#658;/) is the practice of taking advantage of a price difference between two or more markets: striking a combination of matching deals that capitalize upon the imbalance, the profit being the difference between the market prices; ALSO, expected profit, though losses may occur, and in practice, there are always risks in arbitrage, some minor (such as fluctuation of prices decreasing profit margins), some major (such as devaluation of a currency or derivative).Richard Gere plays Robert Miller, one of the key financial movers and shakers with his own company.  However, he made one wrong move with a copper mine and now he has to sell his company so he will not end up broke and in prison (he misappropriated millions in order to cover the loss). Miller's life starts to fall apart while he is negotiating the sale, the chief catalyst being a car crash caused by his falling asleep at the wheel.  The crash kills his mistress and he sneaks away from the scene with some help. The police try to bring him to heel.What Gere portrays in this film is the very personification of arbitrage.  He is always in the market, always thinking, always leveraging and above all, dealing, dealing and then dealing some more. Although he seems to have feelings for his family and mistress, his mind never can rest on a person very long for it is always whirring, always shifting the parameters around until he finds a way out and forward.  This is both his incredible strength and his ultimate weakness. It is one heck of a performance and my favorite of his since AMERICAN GIGOLO.Other amazon reviewers have criticized the ending of the film.  I did not think it was flawed and I am going to say why but I need to put a spoiler warning in front of it as it does involve discussing the the film's ultimate resolution of this character.SPOILER........................SPOILER...................SPOILER......................SPOILER.....................SPOILER.............We end with Robert Miller (Gere) taking the microphone at a charity gala honoring him. He has just resolved some huge battles only to face another one on another front.  He has on the face he shows to the world and does not look at all intimidated. He is back in whirring mode.  His mind is going on what moves to make next.  He is used to being in tight spots.  He ENJOYS being in tight spots because they stimulate him to find a way out, to arbitrage once again. This is his entire life. He is ready for it; he is always ready for it. If he doesn't win, that is ok, as the battle is what he lives for each and every day. And, by the way, does anyone really think he doesn't have cash stashed in accounts abroad, as his wife suggests? Not me!  You can bet he has assets, caches and hiding places all over the world.
The characters on this show work so well together, and the storylines are very entertaining.  I can't wait to get into the next season!
One of the few series that has kept the momentum going, plots are non-repetitive, engaging and very exciting. I want to know what happens next every minute of the film!!!!
The second season of under the dome is good. A series that keeps you guessing what is going to happen next.
I love Sons of Anarchy. I own seasons one through four and am watching season five on Amazon instant video because I do not have cable. SOA is so exciting and I feel close to the characters. Anyone who loves motorcycles and the bad boys that ride them will feel the same as me.
A great show that isn't boring because one never knows what will happen next.  And a guide said six more words are required. Toni C. does a great acting part with her many varied characters that she plays.
Keeps drawing you into their circle. Mamas watch out, papas get the shotguns out. Can't wait to see Season 3.
This series is a real surprise.  The characters are that - real!  My husband and I sit and guess where the storyline is going - we are always pleasantly surprised!
I recently moved to Thailand to teach and there is little to watch in English on t.v. I overheard some co-workers discussing how funny the show is, so I bought the first season DVD. It is so funny I finally had to stop eating while watching to avoid choking, so I bought the other two seasons. Right now I'm trying to figure out how to download season 4 to my PC. I've watched all three seasons several times and it still makes me choke on food, but I suppose eventually I'll get tired of it and stop laughing. Hasn't happened yet, though.
I love paranormal shows.  This is one of the better ones.  Hope they add more seasons to Amazon prime soon.
This was a great show that I was very disappointed to have seen go off the air. NBC makes blunders like all the rest of them and this was one of them by removing this show. At least they didn't leave you up in the air like FOX with the Terminator: The Sarah Conner Chronicles. The show is best watched in HD.
This is an absorbing series set in Nashville which provides a nice change from East/West coast dramas. Whoever cast the show deserves a bonus. The actors are really good from the stars to the smaller parts.  And, in a tribute to Nashville, the music is also terrific. It actually adds rather than distracts from the various plot lines, a balance which can be difficult to master. There are several intersecting story lines which concern people struggling for success in the music business, in politics,, and the effect of celebrity on the personal lives of people in those arenas.  The plots are not predictable with interesting twists in almost every episode.Hayden Panettiere was a particular surprise to me as she has some real acting chops in a role which might have been reduced to eye candy with a lesser performer.I have watched all the episodes online but the series is so good that I am purchasing the DVD.
Great show with a great plot. Some pretty revolting scenes but overall a great show
Great performance of how deep someone can get into trouble.. Only the Rich people could still come out on top..
This series is very well done. Im on the 4th season and think its the last season. Networks always seem to cancel great shows.  Worth every penny for numerous reason. Writing is creative, unique and very entertaining!!!
Good plot, acting, scenery, good connection between characters.  Plausible - - it's good to see something that you imagine could really have happened.  Joel Kinneman is especially good.  Hoping there will be more episodes of this series.
The show itself is amazing to me. The things that these MEN put themselves through is astonishing. I'm a biological woman and I can't walk in them heels.
We started watching Justified with the first season and were hooked.  I love all the depth of the characters and the acting is superb! A modern day Western to be sure!
This is a very good story line and I can&#34;t wait until it starts again.  Very well written even though the story line is a bit far fetched.  But if taken as a syfy  story type it does have suspence and is well done.  I just can &#34;t wait until they come back with the second installment.
Even though season one is a bit hard to follow, with its intricate plot, this series combines lyricism, intelligence, and a lush sense of place/time. I read somewhere that it is being called the American Mad Men, and can understand why. Both shows are a pleasure to watch. Both have screenplays wrought with style, when there is so much schlock out there. I would say that Mad Men rates second to The Hour because MM series uses its period as a backdrop for intriguing characters, while this show enmeshes the characters WITH history, using specific events. It also encourages us to interpret them. Another benefit of the series is the chance to revisit the Eisenhower era from a British point of view; the darker side of the Mom and Apple Pie imagery that masked much of what was really going on in the post war period here in America. Of course this is a show about a news show. Perfect vehicle. Brainy, heart-felt, sophisticated, sad.
"Eddie doesn't rob banks...He's about this high in the bunch but he gets around more than any man I've ever seen," says Dave Foley (Richard Jordan), a baby-faced Boston cop about as amoral as the wiseguys he hunts. Eddie Coyle (Robert Mitchum) is a worn out, two-bit gunrunner. He provides untraceable revolvers when required. He draws the line at machine guns. Eddie is honorable in his way. He loves his family. He's just a low life who isn't all that shrewd. The fix he's in, because he can't take any more jail time, is what this superb Peter Yates' movie is all about."Look. I'm gettin' old, y'hear?" Eddie tells a young hood who deals in machine guns. "I spend most of my life hangin' around crummy joints with the punks drinkin' the beer, eatin' the hash an' hot dogs and watchin' the other people go off to Florida while I'm sweatin' how I'm goin' to pay the plumber. I done time when I stood up but I can't take no more chances. Next time it's goin' to be me goin' to Florida." Now he's facing more prison time for foolishly agreeing to drive a getaway car when he should have asked his friends some questions. He'll do just about anything to cut a deal for no jail time. He's nearly 50. He doesn't want his wife to go on welfare, doesn't want his three kids made fun of because their old man is doing time. He's squeezed by Dave Foley to inform...and Eddie decides he'll rat a little. He's too believing to understand he might be tagged for ratting big time. It's all betrayal, but Eddie doesn't really understand betrayal. All those friends of Eddie's make us wary every time we meet them: Scalise (Alex Rocco), who robs banks, sometimes violently; Jackie (Steve Keats), the dangerous dealer in stolen machine guns; Dillon (Peter Boyle), owner of a low-life bar who knows more about things than Eddie does.The movie looks as hopeless as the Boston weather. It's the cold end of fall, filled with drab, chill days where parking lot asphalt is always wet. We're into Eddie's life in the low lane, where the anchors in the crummy strip malls are a tired Woolworth's and Barbo's Furniture Store. It's a lousy life and it belongs to Eddie Coyle. "Have a nice day."Director Peter Yates sets up scenes -- an exchange of machine guns, a bank robbery, a family held hostage, a stakeout in a commuter train lot, a night on the town -- that are so naturally established that we might miss how skillfully they build the story and show us Eddie's life. We're never sure if things are as hopeless for Eddie as they seem. Yates keeps us on edge, and he adds layers of Eddie Coyle's sad and foolish trust.This is one of Robert Mitchum's best performances. Mitchum still looks like he might be a tough guy, but his Eddie Coyle is a man who has had the force of his life wrung out of him. He's been in the life forever. He does the jobs others ask him to. He doesn't ask very many questions. He's just not smart enough. Mitchum takes all the hard edges off his usual persona and gives us an aging loser whose life is on the skids, and who doesn't understand just how badly off he is.The Criterion release looks just fine. There is a commentary by Peter Yates.
It's what PJ do.  Go to Utube look up rescue on Mt Hood, Nat'l guard Blackhawk is dropping off PJ's to help idiot civilians trapped on the Mt.  What happens next is just another day at PJ Express.  These guys are quiet, go about business, in background hero's, why?, they are United States AIR FORCE enlisted elites.  When a pilot (no matter what branch) goes down in enemy territory they are called on to get them out....
I really like this program.  At first I had problems seeing Robert Taylor as Walt, but now he IS Walt.  When I read the books now I &#34;see&#34; Robert Taylor when reading about Walt.I also had some problems with Lou Diamond Phillips as Henry, the Indian Nation.  In the books Henry is a big guy, like 6'6&#34;.  Lou Diamond Phillips doesn't quite reach that height but he's &#34;growing&#34; :) on me.  He does a good job.Just hope the show continues.  It's very well done and fairly true to the book.  However, I sometimes wonder if new viewers who have never read the books react to the series and realize that it really is as good as it is.
I was leery about this show. I am NOT a fan of werewolves, but I heard how funny Stiles was, and I had to watch the show for myself. I am so glad I bought and watched it. The show is fast paced action with great a writing team behind them. I am looking forward to watching season 2 as soon as I can buy it.
This is a no spoilers review.  Anyone who is planning on watching this in the winter NBC schedule will not want warnings about what is going to happen.  Those of us who have caught it on DirecTV were delighted and stunned.  I'm going to try to be fairly nonspecific and most of the plot details that I discuss will occur in the first episode, so not much will be revealed.  The review does assume that you've seen Seasons One and Two.  If you have not seen those, this review will contain some spoilers.Season Two of FNL was great, especially the second half of the season, but all in all it was hurt for two reasons.  First, there was the rather melodramatic killing of Tyra's stalker by Landry Clarke.  Pretty close to universally fans objected to this, though most also enjoyed the time that Tyra and Landry were forced to spend together as a result.  Second, the series was hurt by the writer's strike, with the series ending uneasily with Smash being unable to play football for several games.  Other fans complained of Lyla's sojourn as a born again Christian and how whiney Julie was in the first half of the season.  Along the way, however, there has been a host of marvelous storylines.  I gave Season Two five stars without any hesitation, though I also was the first to admit that it wasn't the work of perfection that Season One was.Frankly, based on pure business considerations, FRIDAY NIGHT LIGHTS should have been cancelled at the end of Season Two.  The ratings were just miserable.  And despite every TV critic in America just going crazy over the show (I honestly prefer it to THE WIRE and THE SHIELD), it curiously has not garnered any awards attention.  How is it possible that Connie Britton has not won a couple of Emmys for Best Actress (no one can seriously tell me that Sally Field has been a better television actress than Britton over the past two years)?  Why no awards for Kyle Chandler?  Why has Adrianne Palicki's astonishing work as Tyra Collette gone unrecognized by the awards?  Omissions like this are an indictment of the awards themselves.  And why has FNL not received two straight nominations for Best Drama?  It is simply absurd that it has not.Miraculously, NBC did something uncharacteristic for a major network:  it found a way to save a show that deserved saving.  They worked a deal with DirecTV to show the 13 episodes of Season 3 in the fall of 2008 with NBC showing the show in the winter of 2009.  Kudos to NBC!  I have been horrified by some recent decisions by the majors.  How ABC could even have considered canceling a masterpiece like PUSHING DASIES, let alone doing it, is simply inconceivable.  And how NBC, despite the very good thing it did in saving FNL, imagines that it is doing quality TV a service by gutting five hours of scripted TV next year so that we can get stuck with the repellant Jay Leno is unimaginable.  Still, I wish more networks would take the effort that NBC did to save their best shows.Right now there is no word on whether there will be a Season Four of FNL.  My assumption is that after some of the ratings for the winter come in, NBC and DirecTV will sit down and figure out whether they want to do this again.  If they do, the format is difficult to predict.  There are a few major changes on the show, but within specifying what those are, there will clearly need to be a decision as to whether to stick with the kids who have graduated from Dillon High or keep Coach Taylor in high school football with a new group of players.  Personally, I've been hoping that the main kids go to the same college, where Taylor will be named the new head football coach.  But if there is no Season Four, they have left Season Three in a place to where it can serve as a series finale.  The final two episodes are brilliant summations of everything wonderful that we've cared about for three years.Season Three is, in my opinion, the best yet.  Nearly ever major character has some wonderful story arcs.  Because of budgetary considerations and also perhaps the pressure of giving all the characters enough time with only 13 episodes, two major characters has to be written out of the show, though each one gets a several-episode arc to say goodbye.  Those two are Smash Williams and Jason Street.  Given that both have graduated from Dillon, this was a logical change.  Also apparently for reasons of time and budget Santiago, who in Season Two was living with Buddy Garrity, simply disappears with no comment.  But the other familiar are back.  Season Two ended with Tim Riggins ardently pursuing Lyla Garrity, Tyra and Landry dating as an official couple, and Julie pining for Matt.  All those relationships get shaken up (though I won't say in what ways).  But nothing is so completely shaken up as Coach Taylor's involvement with the new school principal.  And nothing is so funny as the new principal coming to terms with two simple words, "Jumbo Tron."I especially enjoyed Tyra's arc in Season Three.  If you rewatch Season One of FNL, it is clear that early on they didn't quite know what to do with Tyra.  Adrianne Palicki, who plays Tyra, is an amazing beauty with incredible onscreen charisma, but for the first three-quarters of Season One she is just in the show simply because she is.  She is not integrated into any of the show's major storylines.  But once Tami Taylor takes an interest in her (fascinatingly, just shortly after she had forbade her daughter to be friends with her), we get one of the best stories of an individual coming to desire a better life and doing something to achieve it that I've ever seen on TV.  And I'll slightly break my promise not to reveal any spoilers by stating that one of the entire highlights in all of FNL comes in the next to last episode where Tyra reads aloud her college application essay.  It is as moving a moment as you'll encounter on television and it also marks just how far Tyra's character has come since Season One.  And along with Tyra you get her endlessly fascinating relationship with Landry Clarke.  If you don't like their relationship one week, check back the next.  The tension between his never ceasing adoration of her and her flittering back and forth between valuing him for all his outstanding qualities and her reign as the queen of mixed signals produces many of the show's best moments.  And any conversation that the two actors have is special.This is a season filled with surprises, a plethora of marvelous small moments, a few heartbreaks, and a few shocks.  I've gotten about eight or nine people to watch this show and every one of them has become a passionate lover of it.  If you already love the show, you'll love this great, great and hopefully not final season as much as the first two.
Despite the basic premiss of the dressed up 1% acting like middle-schoolers, everyone must appreciate the lasting power of 50 plus Madeleine Stowe.
This is really a good series & we are very much enjoying it. We plan to watch all of them and catch up!
An old story that has been done redone and well you know. Then this reincarnation of the classic terrible team from hell that can't win. Let us cheer for the under dog one more time. Oh please. not again, I know this story and I am going to throw my monitor across the room, I just know it! Well I lived in L.A. for twenty five years before moving to New York City and I grew up a mile from the football hale of fame and I cheered the Browns on for, well, ever. So out of nostalgia I braved this pilot. Wow! I enjoyed it, it was really ...good. The talent and direction were flawless. Not everyone understands just how critical the director is to a show. A director, at best conducts, sets the tempo, the dynamics, the energy and director Jay Chandrasekhar scores a touch down and two points with this film. writers Jon Weinbach and Jeremy Garelick stepped through the mine field of this genre and did a fantastic job of developing these characters in a sharp crisp manner that made the maximum use of the limit time allotted for a pilot. This team, writers, director and actors, marched down the field with first down after first down throwing one spiral pass after another to score again and again, they made me like and root for them. Kudos go to casting director Wendy O'Brien for putting this well balanced cast on the roster, VIP to her! I predict the actor who plays Danny will be a force in acting for many years to come, I tried to find his name but it doesn't appear to be listed by role, it must be in the opening credits but if you don't know then that is just a list of names without faces! please list by role I am an old guy I can't keep up with all these new faces. But other than that. GAME ON!!! watch it pray it gets into the play offs and picked up, and while your at it pray they can keep this team together and keep doing it right.
My 6 month baby girl loves to watch this tv show, and also I like it because they teach her some value things.
This series started for me like Breaking Bad - had heard of it, but never watched it. I watched earlier seasons and was hooked. I had my wife watch an episode and she was hooked. In short, this series is about a motorcycle club and their &#34;adventures&#34;. It has a unique way of exploring who are really the good guys and who are the bad guys. Worth buying just to skip the commercials on TV. The picture is high quality HD and 5.1 sound is very good.
I usually am not much of a mystery lover, but the setting of this series in far away India during Britain's Empire Period gives this detective series a very unusual historical setting. The customs and costumes are faithfully recreated right down to the women's clothing and the automobiles. The Scotland Yard detective often finds himself caught up in the social clashes between the British people and their Post's Commander and the native Indian citizens. The plots usually have an unexpected twist which keeps the viewer intrigued right up to the final moments of each episode!
It was as good as season 1 ecxcept i dont understand why it diverted attention away from the main story of the show. And Swede was like an evil Barney Fife.
The show is just developing.  Its a police show that is enjoyable to watch without a lot of gore.  Inspector Lewis and his partner get along very well and its fun to watch the two of them work together.
Rubicon is a hard one to review. I'm not even sure to what the title refers. However, the series is compulsively watchable. Low key and thought-provoking.There series starts with the suicide of a wealthy professorial type because he receives a four leaf clover. A few days later (or earlier) another rich guy had done the same. Neither suicide was at all suspected.Will (recently divorced but we see no influence of this)works for the API, a secret think tank that seems to analyze and organize intelligence data. Will is supervised by a man named David, with whom and with whose family, Will has a close relationship. David hints to Will that he may be on the scent of a conspiracy. He doesn't get to say more because he is killed when two commuter trains smash into each other head-on. (Since David sits in the very first seat of his train, the collision makes his death pretty much a certainty.) Will, however, spots that David's car had been parked in spot 13 the day of the crash, and, since David was an intensely superstitious man, Will comes to believe that David's death was (no pun) engineered - the possible conspiracy somehow caused two trains to collide and did not cavil at 100's of deaths to off a man who was getting suspicious.Will gets David's old job. He pursues clues in newspaper crossword puzzles, going for help to a retired API guy who was/is a whiz. More cryptic clues from David show up. Without getting too much further in the plot, things get to a point at which there is an attempt on Will's life - foiled, of course, by Will shooting the assailant - by one of the APA bigwigs, while Will gets help from another API bigwig, Kale.In the background, but often in the foreground, are Will's team of analysts, almost all of whom each have a problem. Kale helps them and makes a good macho gay hero. He doesn't have a problem, except, of course, for the fact that he cannot trust almost anyone around him. Good actor - pretty much everyone in the show is good, though a couple of Will's analysts are a bit over the top. We watch as the team tries to figure out the identity of a terrorist, does that and tracks him to the US where, presumably, he is going to do something very bad. In the past, information gleaned from API had been used to create disasters from which the group of conspirators had profited immensely.Will (James Badge Dale) is played very, very low-key, but it is well done. The directing is good, and the visuals are ok, but nothing special.The are questions central to the show that haunt me. If David regarded Will as a son, why didn't he just talk to him? If Kale knows that Will is onto something and is willing to help Will, why doesn't he open up to Will? Why go to such great lengths to kill David? Why so shoddy an attempt on Will's life? Why are clues left in the lining of a jewelry box that might never be opened? Where do all the conspirators' spies and hit men come from?According to Amazon, there is only one more episode left in this season. It needs to do a lot of explaining or a lot of obfuscation.
Just when you think the anarchy of the pilot centers around a probable cyber attack on the electric grid, comes the last few riveting minutes where the show twists to leave the audience hanging.....wanting to see the sequel.  Easy to give this one five stars!
Just when the bad guys think they have a fool proof plan there is the Doctor to show them the error of there way.
American TV continues its run of quality series with this Western set in post Civil War America.  There is a sense of the familiar in the way the episodes are put together, using the editing and music stylistic choices that have worked well in other quality TV series, but satisfyingly there is also a sense of something new, in the setting and the characters.  The setting is a gritty - well no, lets make that muddy, settlement which houses the workers on the railroad, and moves from time to time to stay where the work is - hence the title.  Into this town of ex slaves, immigrants, criminals and whores, comes an ex-Confederate soldier, on the trail of Union soldiers who murdered his wife.  However the pleasure in the series isn't this slim character arc, but rather getting to know the range of characters who subvert the usual clich&eacute;d expectations in Western - yes, we get the hooker with a heart of gold - but her history is an unexpected one, and yes, we get the lone preacher trying to convert the wretched hive of scum and villainy - but his character is also not as we at first expect.  Even Colm Meaney's magnificent railroad baron is a treat, as he defies expectations and manipulates (and occasionally is manipulated) those around him.  The head of security is a fantastic creation - The Swede, and then there is Common, playing the ex slave, and Dominique McElligott as the Englishwoman who supplies the beauty against the range of beasts on display.  They're all well drawn and well acted characters, which makes this an eminently watchable series.I had the same view as others as I watched this, that it was good to have aDeadwood: The Complete Series [Blu-ray] substitute back on screen - but in fact it's kind of unfair to compare the two.  The settings are quite different, though both maximise the drama by using a very distinct geographically bounded area to set their scene.  They are both down and dirty and show humanity at more lows than highs, but I would suggest there is a hint more optimism here, even if we still have the violence and cursing and whoring.  I am not an expert on the period, but the railroad crews are an interesting point of view to peek into this period of history and convinces as to its authenticity thanks in large part to its utterly committed cast.  I for one am looking forward to the next series...
One of the best movies ever! I watched seasons one through five on Netflix, in one week!! Then I went nuts--had to find season six. Leave it to amazon! Absolutely loved the show, Absolutely LOVE Charlie Hunnam!
Have enjoyed the birth and the drama of Bones' vulnerability and being a Mom;  the chemistry between Bones and Booth is still on ...
My three year old daughter LOVES these guys!!!  I wish they would make some new shows though.  I have seen each episode at least six times each.
Awesome, hilarious and hottie Chris Messina. Peter Prentice, Tamra, Morgan nd Ray Ron also rock this show. La la la
Really enjoyed this, and am eager to find out where this is going! I really hope it gets picked up. It's the pilot so obviously it needs a few tweaks. Make the clown guy a little less whiny, and make the Irishman less of a random d**k.
My son was watching Justified when I came to visit...I watched 2 episodes and became hooked....I am now on season 5!!!
very well done, vey well done for a sci fi series.  Karl urban is carrying the program but he is a good actor
I am a mom, and I think that I am way more into this show than my 3 year old son!!! The music is so great and the interaction the characters have with the audience is great. I love the fact that they teach lessons that kids can use in everyday life. Especially when it comes to then starting pre-school. I will continue to watch all the other seasons.
Well produced series for teen girls and their moms.  Not disrespectful to elders or other kids.  Just a lot of fun.
my wife and i love the show.  can't wait to watch the other seasons which are also on amazon prime.
Love this show!!  Three very different personalities placed together into one show.  All episodes are a &#34;hoot&#34; to watch!! BTW..Josh love your shoes/slippers and Madison....what a beautiful smile!!Lynn Jones
Greatest US Marshall series I have ever seen! If you like TV that is fairly &#34;edgy&#34;- you will like this series. Especially if you are employed in the criminal justice field.
I love the stories. I especially love that all the characters are shown to have both good and bad points, just as real people do.
My grandson is almost 2 and he loves Caillou. I was a little concerned at 1st because Caillou seems to be somewhat Whiny  and I didn't want him to copy him but there are lots of lessons to learn and that makes up for it. There are only a few shows where there is a lot of whining and I just avoid those.
The  last series shows conflict between those ready to fight to end the war and those  wanting to dig in and build a working society.
I love the first  preview of the after ,kept me on the edge of my seat ,can't wait for the season.
This is a good series.  I admire these drivers that risk their life and work under harsh conditions to bring food to the table of their family.
This is an excellent series by any production standard BUT I can understand why they cancelled it after the first season. Not many stuck with it due to its complex story line and what seems to be "oddball acting" by an eccentric cast. The most vivacious role and best acting was by his inadvertent (and gorgeous) neighbor. Rubicon requires watching carefully and hanging in there to piece it together just like the characters in are doing as their job assignments unfold, but there is no wham-BAM, snap, crackle, and PoP. One suspenseful interval but the rest rather bland and dull cerebral "ah-ha's" which are gratifying to a minority of viewers. Even the office politics are predictable and transparent. "Three Days of the Condor" was the ultimate conspiracy story as it had pulse and urgency and suspense, and excitement to it. Rubicon is a poignant illumination of pure greed for corporate power and wealth with the the US Government as their lackey. If you like patiently sorting out the chaos to attain clarity then this is highly recommended. After the last episode it is definitely too bad this will not be continued, but it left us all just where it was supposed to - understanding the true significance of the 4 leaf clover, wondering about the fates of Miles (and Julia), Ingram, Will, and Maggie as well as knowing the fate of Spangler, for without him there is no crossword puzzle and lamenting for David, Tom, and Katherine. Stick with it, its worth it!
I first began watching SGU on Netflix and watched both seasons. Since Netflix sometimes doesn't have the following season I did an online search and to my dismay found that SGU had been cancelled.SGU was something different and apart from the other science fiction series and I really liked how each chapter incorporated parts from the previous chapters.Perhaps its plot was too complex for the average viewer or there wasn't enough sex or strong language or perhaps not enough people shooting guns and blowing things up.Whatever the reason, it was a poor choice because season 2, in my mind, was just opening up to all that SGU was about and I will always wonder how the final cliff hanger would have played out.
We love them all, the only down side is they did not release the whole season (not an amazon problem).  If you are a Dr. WHo fan you will not be disappointed.
I love this show - it has solid characters, at times cheesy humor but it is very entertaining.  For lovers of crime shows this one is less intense and offers a more light hearted approach.
Season two follows with the same excellent cast and true stories of the London hospital and the advancement of medicine as well as the personal lives of the staff.
I thought the first season of POI was terrific, but the second season was even better, and now the third season is topping that.  Terrific writing, fabulous cast.
We can't get enough of these guys.  I love the fact that they make numbers fun for my son.  As well as teach him his shapes, colors and patterns.  Great problem solving and communication skills are fostered also.  We love 'em!
This show is so awesome! There is only one more season left. They say that they only had planned 6 seasons from the get go. Sad Face.
It is a horror movie of sorts, but also a tragedy, and tale of some spiritual dimensions.  Not your standard 'horror' fare or slasher film and audiences who don't come expecting that may find the story, upon reflection, to be quite seamless, clever and ultimately rather satisfying.  I give it 4.5 stars.  It isn't quite the odyssey that Pan's Labyrinth was (different director, same producer), but for what it sets out to do, it accomplishes much.  The cinematography is top notch, as is the acting.  Crystal clear transfer on the DVD.  A story with a bit of a twist.  A story that may leave you feeling oddly hopeful rather than frightened.
Though at times this protagonist seems unbelievably stubborn and somewhat self righteous, he is in fact mostly right about how he acts amid a great deal of difficulty amongst a population which seems more likely to behave in an underhand rather than a totally honest way.  I wonder if  Ireland is really like this.  I would hate to think this is an accurate rendition of the general population, but I find the acting excellent, the stories always interesting, and the scenery glorious
My three year old son loved watching this when he was two. He's always been musically inclined and therefore enjoyed singing and dancing along with the characters. It's a fun, kid friendly show that will have you boppin' to the beat :-).
This series in quality was up there among the best in T.V. programs and films made for the big screen.  But there was one thing that I found annoying.  This series must lead the pack in product placements. The view of Kellogg's, Ford, and many other product logos  was thrust into the viewer's face multiple times.  Did this technique make me want to run out and buy the product being pushed?  I think not. I quit watching commercial network television almost five years ago due to the number of commercials per segment, and the number of commercial segments per hour. Although there is really nothing I can do to avoid seeing the placements, I can let the manufacturer know that I find the ads leave me with a negative impression of that product by forcing the ad on me.  Unlike ads in newspapers and magazines I can't just look away and ignore the ad. When possible I purchase an item of similar utility from another seller.
OK sorry but this was hilarious. Heehee. Drew Droege as Crystal Skull was beyond hilarious!!! I didn't realize it was him until the end credits. More please! #Love #DrewDroegeRocks!
this episode is wonderful! if you love the walking dead, you know all about this episode. It's suspenseful and heart wrenching. Totally worth watching over and over and over again
This was an excellent series and different from so many other police detective shows because it was set in Italy--a very alien environment. Loved Rufus Sewell in this.Can't believe the BBC canceled this after only one season. I've seen a number of BBC shows that deserved it more. Heard some new honcho there started throwing his weight around and began ripping and shredding. What a shame.
Bring it on new Season 4.  Chris Holden Reid is very, very hot now.  Don't let Lauren the human push him out of Bo's life.. They need to work it so he can be father to all her long-lived children and Bo can just keep adding her girl and other relationships to the extended family.  Dyson can deal with it as long as he has her in his life for the long, long haul  AND Bo would benefit from having the biggest, baddest, strongest, hottest and most loyal partner to help her deal with and manage all the other relationships...  Love, not war, with others, is the answer for her global fae village.  Hope the writers listen.
Best government conspiracy show in a decade. Cannot believe they shut it down after one season . Wish it would continue
The above was a quote from one of the &#34;squints&#34; (forensic anthropologist/lab geeks) in Season 6 or 7 of this show.  I found Bones on Netflix and became obsessed with this show about a forensic anthropology lab at a thinly-disguised Smithsonian (&#34;Jeffersonian&#34;) that pretty quickly and happily becomes completely hijacked by a charismatic FBI agent.  Thanks to Amazon I'm all caught up on the series.  The writing is generally very good, with scientific gee-whizish-ness alternating with funny or heartbreaking moments of all-too-human emotion from people who never forget that the remains they are working with were people.  Because of the generally high standard of the writing, I forgive the occasional clunky dialogue or wacky plot twist:  why would a serial killer become obsessed with a forensic anthropologist?  Similarly, the chemistry between all the actors, especially the two stars, allows me to overlook the occasional wooden moment. I recently watched the first few episodes from the first season over again and realized just how much the characters had grown over time.  All in all, if you have a strong stomach -- and don't mind seeing someone else's (the special effects remains-wise are really convincing) I highly recommend seeing this dramedy.
This is a great series set in 1860's New York at the time of the Civil War. The series centers on the character of an Irish immigrant policeman that has a fierce sense of what is right and wrong. It is full of intense scenes and captures the visceral sense of how violent and wild the country was at that time. It is a fabulous drama series that you don't won't to miss!  BBC has outdone themselves!
I absolutely love this show!  I started with season 1 on amazon and watched season 4.  It's a bit disappointing season 2 & 3 aren't free with Prime but I hope that may change.  This show is hilarious, distracts me from whatever may be going on in my life and I can sit there and laugh out loud at the show.  You can tell Daniel Tosh and his crew put a lot of work into finding the best for each episode.  Plus- he's very good looking so that is a bonus! : )
entertaining and interesting tv series, too bad they are not more of them.this is good reality tv, try it.
I watch most TV shows on Hulu but since CBS doesn't use Hulu, I decided to try an episode or two (which turned into an entire season pass) of Elementary. I loved reading Sherlock Holmes and love all things Sherlock Holmes (except for the second Robert Downey, Jr. film?). I love Lucy Liu as Watson. Really refreshing take. Jonny Lee Miller brings a great manic energy to the role. It's an interesting take on a procedural show, which everyone notes was probably taken from Sherlock Holmes stories in the first place.
OMG, the first episode was awesome! I can't wait to see the rest of the season. I love, the love hate relationship between Raylan and Boyd. When it all boils down, they need each other. (Kane & Able) Hurry up and get well Raylan! Even at his worst, he still bought in the bad guy! Love, love, love, this show!!!!!!
i don't know why i was so invested in these characters, but it was cool to watch them grow through the volumes
The mid-season final is amazing! The whole series is beyond anything I could have hoped for. At first it was slow, but the pick up and story line has excelled anything I have watch recently (Including Breaking Bad). Hershel was a great loss, but as the story evolves it makes sense to eliminate characters and bring on new more dynamic ones.  I have never bought any TV episodes before this one; I had to see it! I feel that the lack of commercial interruption to be quite worth the money!
SOA Rocks !! I look forward to seeing the show every week. Just want to say , Clay is a Scumbag , Rat Bastard !!
Simply amazing entertainment.  First season is available on netflix, purchased second season here and worth every penny.  You will love to hate Victoria!
In recent years involvement within the Sea Org has become a focal point within Scientology. L. Ron Hubbard's ideas and ideals came under scrutiny by his own contemporaries. The psychology of indoctrination is a know and has been recognized by historians/professionals in the twentieth century and documented from before the Christian Era. This presentation recognizes and perhaps tries to dispel misinformation while giving the opportunity for more personal accounts of Scientology's practices. If you have read Hubbard's books or know of the principles of Scientology, there is no further information that is included. Dianetics is based on freeing one from trauma in 'past lives' . . . one must remember that Hubbard was a writer of 'pulp fiction'/science fiction. His 'E-meter' certainly falls in line with his books! The Church of Scientology has fallen afoul of multiple global government organizations. The Australian government is featured as such in this video.  What questions need to be answered, the involvement of 'high profile' members, recruitment of members, monies paid to the 'church,' and family relations are all addressed.The interviews and included documentation flow smoothly and are easily followed. An interesting video . . .
Neal is a great character because he is both good guy and bad guy. He works with the FBI, but the viewer knows that he and Mozzy still hold all of the Nazi art - a fact Peter isn't aware of, but that strains credulity, especially after Neal and Mozzy were living large incognito in the season premiere so best that the viewer ignores that entirely.In this episode, Neal and Peter host a panel at an FBI conference detailing why their partnership works and why Peter chose him. In a sweet scene, especially given the tension of late between Peter and Neal over the disappearance of Sam, Peter tells Neal that he chose him to be his partner because he liked him - hopefully making Neal feel at least a little guilty about all the ways he is deceiving Peter. The con of the week is fair this week. The real action centers on Sam, just who he is and what the truth is about Neal's father and the crimes that tore Neal's family apart when he was a child. Peter is convinced that Sam isn't who he says he is and tries to convince Neal to let him help. Instead, Neal and Mozzy con Peter. Peter is really very patient with all of Neal's shennanigans. In the final scene, it is revealed who Sam really is but the bigger questions about the past remain unanswered. A good episode of White Collar after a very solid season. I will be watching the next half of the season with interest.
You really have to pay attention to what you see and hear in order to follow the very-well-written and acted drama.  Having driven in Los Angeles for many years, I don't quite buy the small amount of time it takes for the &#34;good guys&#34; to get from point A to point B.
This show is super intense,  and an interesting case study in where choices, regardless of their intention take you. Also rationalization and ego.
This show twerks the quirk. What can I say, it's so strange that I love it. It reminds me of that stuck-up boyfriend I had that always went on and on about &#34;PORTLAND is so GREAT because..... &#34; with his nose in the air. He was such a tool. I sincerely hope he moved there and drowned in a craft beer. Ugh. Anyway, unlike Jeremy, this show was cool. The city seems to be a lot like East Nashville- kind of insufferable, but adorable, in the way a small, confused child is when they're constantly running after shiny new toys and getting obsessed with every new fad they see.God I love this show. I guess I'm kind of like the people on it, which is why I really hate it so much. I'm so confused. Inside every hipster is a lot of self-loathing, mixed with an equal amount of self-importance. I'm so confused. Great show, though!
Sorry to see it end.  Great stories and great acting.  The Good guys win, but at great personal cost, not only to the soldiers, but their families as well..
Moffatt goes on with some more American themes, like the episode with the Internet,  and, at the same time, remains true to Doctor Who's British roots! Can't wait for the rest of the episodes!
The Killing Season is an outstanding TV show! How I never knew it existed prior to watching on Amazon I will never figure that out. It's the one show that will keep you guessing, always grabbing your attention and as a viewer wanting more. If you enjoy police investigative TV, this show is for you.
A word of caution up front, this will contain some spolierish material from season one, although nothing major will be given away.The Following is a show about a serial killer that focuses not only on the killer himself (played wonderfully by James Purefoy), but the cult of followers that assist him.  He kills based on literary references, and has set up a religious cult based on the works of Edgar Allen Poe.  The show starts with him breaking out of prison and sets in motion a plan to kill the agent that arrested him (played by Kevin Bacon), and be reunited with his ex wife (Natalie Zea) and young son.The first half of the season consisted of many twists and turns mainly focused around who was a cult member and who was not.  Some of that got kind of ridiculous because there were cult members insulated almost everywhere.  The cult ended up being very large, although the story tended to focus mainly on just a few of the "main" members.  Like any dramatized cop show they had the agents making very stupid decisions in order to put them in more danger when trying to catch the cult members.  Some of those things did die down by the end of the season however.The story is told both in present day and in a series of flashbacks to tell the back stories of the characters and reveal how Joe was originally caught.  The show is very violent but not ultra gory.  Yes there is blood, killing and some gory moments, but if you compare the level of gore to a show like Hannibal it is very tame.  What I think the show does best is make all the characters flawed in some way.  The good guys are not always good, and the bad guys are written in a way that they are not always just pure evil so you can find some compassion for some of them.  It is also a show where no character is safe.  All of the main characters are point in death defying situations, and not all make it alive.If you get the blu rays, the season will come not only on blu ray, but for some reason on DVD.  It does give you more options for when and where you can watch the show, but I would rather just have the blu rays and keep the set a little less expensive.  Like is the case with most new shows, it looks and sounds great on blu ray.  And given some of the wonderful visuals that the show gives on location shots you can really enjoy the picture quality.  Like many of the dramas are doing the season was shorter, 16 episodes in all covering 4 discs.As far as the bonus material goes, there are commentary and deleted scenes on selected episodes.  There are also "in movie" experience mode on some where you get video pop ups where something about a scene will be explained.  Along with that there is just over an hour of behind the scenes and making of features included.  So if you are one who likes to go through that material it will be enough to make you happy.  The only real drawback to the blu rays is that there is no true season play mode.  The episodes will play back-to-back, however if you stop in the middle of an episode it will not start playing from where you left off when you turn the player back on.  It reloads to the main menu (which thankfully is pretty quick if you have a newer player and have updated your firmware) but you have to go back to the episode you were on and either do chapter selections or forward through it to get back to where you left off.Overall it is a well written (for the most part) well acted drama.  As I said above some of the twists early in the season are a bit silly, but once those let up, and it becomes more of a chase/manhunt thriller it works well.  If you generally like those kinds of shows and movies then this one is worth checking out.
How do they continue having such warm and funny shows after all this time?  I don't know, but I love it!  To everyone responsible for BBT, the writers, actors, crew, director, etc...keep it coming! And thank you!
If you'd just like to watch something wonderfully joyful, this is it. Good for kids, great narration and loving.  I was so glad to see it arrive on Amazon Instant Videos.
This is the best show, and I had lost track of all the episodes, so I thought of Amazon. It was a great picture, and I got all caught up!
This show is soooooo creepy and dark, and oh so wonderful!  The cast works together effortlessly and wonderfully.  You really believe everything that is happening from the nonverbal communications!I however, have not noticed a single thing different between the Blu-ray or the DVD.  This time it really is a personal preference.
I know some of the reviews for this season have been less than stellar but this season still is a joy to watch mainly because the cast is so wonderful. The music and dancing weren't as good as season 1, but still worth watching every minute. I love the season end song and dance routine, and only wish they had continued the show with more seasons because the characters are compelling.
Nice twists and turns. Sure some are predictable, but dang there you are caught up in it and waiting for what's next and hoping for this or that to happen. Good drama.
I love the interaction between Sherlock and Watson.  I like the mysteries that they have every week.  I have totally missed them the last couple of weeks.
My children love this show. I will give a great example from my four year old from last week. We come to a stop sign and she reads S T O P and says that spells stop. We were really impressed, we have been working on letters for quite a while now, but she could comprehend  stop means stop. We  asked her if she learned it in K-3. She said no she learned it on blues clues. Just a side note I know some people are going to read this and say. Well if he didn't have his kid in day care they would be smart... or something of that ilk. Our children are in a small Christian school and they didn't have enough teachers so my wife became a full time volunteer to help the kids. I'm not a fan of preschool, I do not sit in judgment of those who do. It's just a personal choice for us. Back to the show my children have learned so much from this show. hope this helps.
It was really interesting to see the transformations of all these iconic estates!  How they have been run and managed over the years was intriguing.  I was interested to see how family was selected to be the guardian over these lovely homes
This show nails computer nerds. I've been in the software field for over 40 years, and I've worked with all these guys. (Yes, they were around in the mainframe days, but we didn't let them out of the back room then.)I loved this show. My wife did too. She's not very technical, she didn't get a lot of the jokes, and she doesn't even like sticoms. But the show made her laugh, and she was disappointed when I told her there weren't any more episodes.Good show, I hope it makes the cut.
This is a thrilling, thought provoking series that rarely lets you breathe.  From the first minute to the closing credits it keeps your heart racing with excitement.  Terrific acting by all concerned, excellent plot line and amazing FX.  Watch it.
Tell us why you chose this rating? Well, there is really only one answer I can give, only one word that sums up my feelings about this show: yes.
This season continues to please with it's twists & turns. When characters behaving predictably, it is believably so. The last episode clearly shows that the season ended and the producers pulled the plug without completing the story line, leaving the audience wondering what happens next?  Or what happens to conclude the story line?  Maybe the moving coming out in March will pick up the thread. However I hope to see some of the same characters. We have a girls night out planned for it.
caroline Quentin is so normal.  she plays a single working mom with a brain who is able to handle her job and her children.  I love her.
Great writing, and compelling characters in a dramatic situation, are some of the reasons why Jericho is very compelling serial television.  The story centers on the events in the fictitious town of Jericho, Kansas, after a nuclear attack.  The immediate concern is survival, and then maintaining basic government structure, medical facilities, and utilities.  As characters are defined, past lives and secrets are disclosed, and roles, old and new, are formed.Exactly what happened is a mystery, and while some things are revealed, it is evident to viewers that there are several hidden conspiracies.  The situation gets more complex, as new characters appear, and a hazy picture of the new America slowly takes shape.The key figures in Jericho, are from the Green, Richmond, and Hawkins families.  The ensemble cast is great overall, but Skeet Ulrich's performance as wayward son come home, Jake Green is superlative, and the glue that holds much of story together.  Gerald McRaney as Johnson Green, the mayor of Jericho, brings incredible toughness and leadership, to a situation that demands it.  The wild card that separates Jericho from being just a post holocaust survival tale, is Robert Hawkins (Lennie James), a newcomer in town engaged in something very, very, deep.The writing is often clever and suspenseful, with unexpected developments springing up.  Although things begin slowly, the season finishes in a flurry, with the town on the verge of all out war.  Quite sobering, for a network television series.  The writers mix things up, using creative flashbacks, and bringing back characters, and even a tank, in later episodes.  While there are inconsistencies and illogical events, and some things have to be toned down for television, the story builds to a riveting conclusion, leading to a second season, that almost never was.  Family values, morals, and patriotism, are some of the values that led to the founding of America, and this series effectively touches back to them.Executive producers Jon Turteltaub and Carol Barbee provide commentary for a few episodes, and Skeet Ulrich and Lennie James, also contribute commentaries.  'Building Jericho' is a 24 minute documentary feature, about how the town of Jericho was constructed, and some interesting background information.  A series that will make you think, thrill you, make you cry, and remember what it means to be an American.  Jericho is a remarkable program that should not be missed.
My wife caught this first and recorded it because she thought I would like it too.  She was absolutely right.  Superb writing, excellent acting, great F/X, lots of action, and all round intelligent series.  This is the kind of story Isaac Asimov would write and I even see similarities to the Robot series he wrote.  If you like Sci/Fi and or police series you will probably enjoy it.  I think Karl Urban is outstanding as usual and although I am not as familiar with Michael Ealy's past work, I think he is great too.CA Luster
USA Network has got me hooked on so many of their character driven shows - Burn Notice, Psych, White Collar and of course Suits. Gabriel Macht appears as a mild mannered Clark Kent type of guy in his real life appearances but then proves his great acting skills to pull off the character of Harvey Specter. I love the other characters also - Mike, Donna, Rachel, Jessica and of course Louis Litt. I've found myself so many times getting angry at Louis only to end up feeling sorry for the guy.
The first few episodes of season 1 left me rather underwhelmed, tho it is an interesting idea. Now this show just keeps getting better. All the cast is excellent; my favorite right now is Sasha Roiz. Adelind's pregnancy is a nice twist. I'm hooked.
I already heard good things about this film and knew about the great cast before I watched, so I wasn't entirely surprised that I enjoyed this suspenseful movie! Top-notch acting and a believable story of backwoods folk - many of whom aren't very nice people. William H. Macy gives another nice performance and Jason Isaacs shows just how flexible he is as an actor (and pretty scary, too!)This is one for the over-18 crowd and over and another work in which the tobacco drug use could have easily been omitted.
Unless you've watched every episode from the beginning you will not get why this show is great.  I've loved almost every episode and look forward to the next.
The history in this show is a realistic portrayal to the brutality of the times. When civilization was about conquering other people. This is not a candy coated endeavor. The violence is graphic and not for everyone. The acting is fair.This show is not for everyone. But if you like historical fiction portrayed more realistically than usual especially in the visual rather than written word. I would recommend this series.
Nashville, as the name implies, is a Nashville based fictional drama television series about up and coming, and, already famous country music singers. It airs on ABC.Season 1 introduces some of our favorite characters and the first bits of trouble and drama. Connie Britton is amazing as country sensation Rayna James. One of my top two for this series. Rayna is an established artist, mother of 2 and daughter of the Mayor all while remaining very grounded and stoic. She struggles with folks at the label, whom she feels is stifling her career.Then there is energetic and always stirring up something Juliette Barns played by Hayden Panettiere. Juliette is a young, country pop star, so to speak, and she is ready to have legend status. In her ambition she is always leaping without looking first. Then forever trying to live down an event she really isn't bothered by to begin with.Deacon Claybourne (Charles Esten) is Rayna's long time front guitar man and former flame, though she is married to Teddy Conrad (Eric Close.) There is always some tension between the two as they vie for her time and attention. Rayna will have to make some changes to hold peace in her life.A few of our newcomers in the world of country music include Scarlett (Clare Bowen), Avery (Jonathan Jackson) and Gunner (Sam Palladio.) And yes, there is definitely some heat and friction with these young people out there trying to make it. The drama is there, but these kids always go back to the music. I think it is part of what makes them endearing.I really enjoy the acting on Nashville. Especially that of Britton and Esten. I feel they make their roles so believable and interesting. The show really encompasses all aspects of the musical scene in Nashville, involving artists from made status all the way to entry.The first season is my favorite so far.
Better the show, the faster the cancel.  I think if a show requires the use of your brain for more than five minutes it gets cancelled.  TV land is littered with victim TV shows (Jericho, Journeyman and the killed before it's time FireFly).  Stargate Universe relies more on cerebral analysis of the crews situation and less on odd looking aliens with weird headgear.  Anyone who liked the Battlestar Galatica remake will enjoy this show.  Give it a shot.
24 Season 9 is great and cannot wait for season 10 if they plan on doing it.
So we missed an episode on our DVR.. The streaming was just like we where watching it live well worth it.
This is an amazing new show!  It is well written, produced, acted, and cast.  This is the story of how a British convert from the British army  defected to the revolutionist army in late 1770's which resulted in the birth of America.  He meets an African American woman who is an intelligent independent, skilled law enforcement lieutenant of the sheriff's department, and they together find themselves to be the &#34;witnesses&#34; foretold in  book the Revelations in the Bible must fight the war with the four horsemen of the Apocalypse.  It has replaced my first all time greatest television series.  The only downside:  only 13 episodes/year.  Really?  This is too good to have to endure 9 months without it
While I am worried about the move to Friday nights for Season 4, I look forward to the show every week. Having this series on Blu-Ray is a must for me!
We love Daniel Tiger!!  Notice that I said We!!  I always look at Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood when the Grandkids are visiting.  We love the stories, characters, and the songs that reinforce good behavior.  We don't have a favorite character because we like all of them.  The colors are vibrant, and even my 15 month old Granddaughter enjoys watching it with us.  As soon as the kids hear the musical introduction, they come running.  I'm glad I have this option to view it at a time when the program is not being aired on television.  I enjoy Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood as much as the children do.
One of my favorite series with great characters, action and fun and witty dialog.  The bad guys loose and the good guys win. We are hooked on the series.  Sometimes it takes just the right feature for an actor to gain notoriety, Timothy Olyphant has been around a while, but he has found a great fit in the roll he plays on Justified that I think will gain him the respect he has earned in this series.
I've seen every one of Bones' videos and recommend it to every one.  It is well written, witty and real.
This family is so sincere, loving, and genuine. I adore watching this series and feel as if they are good friends of mine. The children they have adopted are just adorable and so lucky to have them as parents.
This show will teach you things you didn't realize that you'd learned, until later. ("I know that's not true, I saw it on."..  is something I've actually said more than once!) Then there is the love/hate relationship between the  main 'stars'... But, perhaps MOST importantly, the show is just good entertainment. I love that they sometimes have the two 'units', the 'original' with  Adam and Jamie... And the newer M7, with Torry, Kari, and Grant, each tackling their own stories. Which are usually unrelated, but sometimes, are related: Sometimes they each tackle separate aspects of a particular 'Myth'... Other times, all 5 gang together to tackle one single 'Myth'.And MYTHS and urban legends are NOT all they tackle. Nor is 'busting' them all they do. Sometimes, the result is 'Plausable', or even 'Confirmed'The show's entertainment value is enhanced because they do one other thing right: They first replicate the 'Myth', that is, they try it as shown or said or whatever... And If that doesn't work, they try to see what, if anything, CAN reproduce the 'results'. And they don't seem to have any real bias towards the outcome. As Adam often says, any result is a result. (And a result, any result, is a data point)"THERE'S YOUR PROBLEM!"... "FAILURE IS ALWAYS AN OPTION"Edit:After seeing more of this season, (All of it?) I must agree with some of the other reviewers. They HAVE evolved. Some of that is good, and some, not so good. The quick build montages... Don't explain anything about WHY it was done as it was, with too much prefab stuff... Too much dependance on explosives, ("When in doubt, C4") and I DO at times get the feeling of 'Sold Out'...  Yes, they have evolved from the early days, and I loved those. I still eagerly await each new episode, but some of it IS a stretch... Too much reliance on 'Hollywood' fake movie 'science'. Too easy. We all know that you can't believe everything you see in a big budget movie. That's kinda the point, isn't it? Escape from your own humdrum life? They DO need to get back to real life myths and urban legends. Everything is all too easy now, with Treasure Island, and the abandoned landing strip, or the Bomb Range...  All their back yard. They say so. Lets see more like the "Spinning bullets on ice"! THAT was real, and totally surprised even me. I was a Small Arms Specialist during the Vietnam war, I know a thing or two about firearms. And Hyper Mileage 'myths', like following a semi truck, That's never been a 'myth'! It was interesting to see HOW much of a difference it makes, but it's been a known fact to everyone ever since NASCAR was first televised. (And ever since I was an impoverished Airman trying to make it back to the base on a quart of gasoline during the Arab Oil Embargo!) Get back to the roots, please. I too, feel this show coming to a close in the near future. Either that, or it will degenerate into something I wouldn't watch for free. End edit.
Great Show, love the little 80s references but overall it's a well acted and enticing spy show that is much better than Homeland.
Absolutely addicted to this show! Truly it really is amazing, so much so that I often have to remind myself that it's a television show and not a movie.
Yeah, this series is filled with T&A and excellent writing.  The multitude of plot surprises is worth every cent you pay.  You will not be bored with CALIFORNICATION.
This movie is wonderful! Charlize Theron Jennifer Lawrence, and Kim Basinger are all amazing! Their acting performances are flawless and they portray their characters brilliantly! The story line is very good and hits you close to the heart in so many areas and it's interesting to see all the pieces of it fit together throughout the film! I think everyone should see this movie!
Yippee!  Love the Marvel characters!  Love Stan Lee!  Hope they bring Dead Pool into it!  He's flexible because no one sees his face.  This show has the potential to be very exciting.  There evidently is a deeper story line than just weekly episodes.  Little by little, things are revealed.  To get the most out these, you should see them all.  Yet, they could stand alone.
I am SO bummed the network cut this show after one season. Still worth watching Season 1. Great show for girls looking for a feel good show to watch. There is (oddly) some graphic stuff that doesn't really fit in with the rest of the show but it didn't bother me too much.
I like Flashback, and have from the first season.  It is one of the shows that I buy the seasons so that I will have them to watch in the furture.
This more than met my expectations. It is exactly what I anticipated receiving and is very well made. Should the need arise I would purchase this item again. Not only is the Roberston family funny and entertaining they are also very inspiring. Everyone should see this show.
Diego is a teaching tool for my 4 year old granddaughter. She has watched every episode and repeats much of the stories to me.
This show is the best show I have seen on network TV sense Lost for me. I do love Person Of Intrest but they are both good in there own ways, I just think this is a better show, better acting because there is a larger group of awsome actors and the twist n turns. Love it! Give it a try you will be glad you did!
An unusual pair of antagonists in somewhat contrived situations. The last episode of the final seasons makes one realize how deeply invested the viewer has become.
HBO and the BBC have really outdone themselves with this first season. A brilliant action-packed and highly  emotionally charged violent series doesn't just tell the story of the rise to power and death of Caesar, but portrays the most violent ancient Roman world, where we of today forget just how cheap life was back then. You see for yourself through the eyes of two centurions, who get wrapped up in the intrigue and as mere pawns tragically manipulated and toyed with by all levels of society.Joe Wocoski, Author
I had this on the shelf, buying it for $9.99 on some Black Friday special. I finally ran out of other stuff to watch, so started this series. From the descriptions, I didn't have high hopes, but I am most of the way through this season and I am very pleased to say that it is very well done.Update:Finished the season and am anxiously waiting for the next season to become available on DVD. I am pleasantly surprised at how good this show is.And a note on value:Season 1 has 23 episodes, with a running time listed as 989 minutes, or 43 minutes per episode. I was lucky to pick this up on Black Friday for $9.99. That comes out to about 1 penny per minute, probably about the best value available via DVD.I appreciate the 23-episode season, which used to be common, but now 10-15 episode seasons have become common on so many cable networks. It is frustrating to wait a year for a release and then get through an entire "season" in just a couple days.
This was a solid show that I had avoided watching because it only ran the two seasons. Watched it when I was low on good programs and should have passed as it's frustrating to see a first rate production end so quickly. I have no idea why they pulled the plug, UK programs will often have short runs, but this was a fine show and could have had a nice long run. It was five star while it lasted.
I like the Grimm series. it is very well done. The stories are exciting and fun stuff. However, Amazon doesn't yet have season 3 for free.
Great Series! I love it!  It was temporarily canceled in season 4 but liked so much they brought it back for a 5th. Season 6 just started. I just recently learned that this will be the last season. :(..... (Unless they can be talked into bringing it back again)
I am an old lady but I am fascinated by this story of drugs, lies and deceit.  Watching Walter's fall from grace and how he causes so many lives around him to crumble is devistating b ecause he seems to truly believe he is doing something good for his family.  My how we fool ourselves into thinking our actions are pure.
This brings back memories of the old Vegas. Lots of action and drama. Love the actors. Wish they would not have canceled the show.
The writers are the best!  They took a great story line and added great actors. What i really appreciate about this show is that the writers wrote great shows and didn't feel the need to include constant profanity and senseless violence.  I love it.  Its very sad that the show is in it last season.  I will miss it.  We need more writers and shows like this.
People at work were talking about this show and so I thought I would check it out. I laugh during every episode.I highly recommend.
Clean and fun Sci-fi. Not as dark and mature as Stargate Universe. Most of this felt like a clear good vs evil. Excellent effects budget and decent acting for a TV Sci-Fi. Hate that it was canceled so soon.
One of my personal favorites. Not a bad place to start if you want to get into MST3K. It is a classic, the riffs are non-stop, and the direct-to-video nature of it just screams to be riffed.
I didn't think I would like Anthony Bourdain, because I assumed he would be abrasive and obnoxious. To my delight I discovered that he is both of those things, but he is also a lot more than that. First off, he knows his stuff, but he isn't snooty about it. He attacks street meat with the same verve and enthusiasm (probably more) as he does when sitting down to a meal with a Michelin star attached. The shows are always informative and usually amusing. I've never seen a show where he was anything but courteous to his hosts, and he actually comes across as someone with whom you could sit down and enjoy a meal.This is probably in my top ten favorite shows of all time. If you like food and travel with some education on the side, this is it.
Love watching this show... Surprise it is still  the  Top 6 - Waiting for the final of the show view
Wow, you gotta watch this one! So many twists and turns, there's lots of stuff to unravel next season.  This was the best episode yet.
Absoultely Amazing and I could not believe that the quality and experience was so enjoyable.  Definitely recommend to other buyers!!!!
I love all the people on the show. It shows how they are hard working people and they love their family.
It was never suppose to be The Closer, The Sequel. Same charcters, for the most part. The actors are still superb and as the first season went along, the writers, actors and directors, found their groove, it improved. I'm looking forward to Season Two.
I have loved Mindy Kaling since the first season of &#34;The Office&#34;. She is a wonderfully snarky, off beat writer. Her supporting characters seem to have a hard time finding themselves...but maybe that's the growing pains of a new show. Mindy is WAY too out there to be taken seriously as a dr of any kind, but it's a comedy, so I kind of let that slide. I adore Morgan the nurse and Dr Danny. Bring back Shauna, tho! Miss her! The addition/ subtraction of so many new characters can be annoying, and Mindy's constant search for a guy bothers me a little..but again, it's a show, not real life. She's really always very funny, and frech and as I watch only 2 TV per week, I don't have a lot to compare this show to. Hope it sticks around.
Since Walking Dead is one of my favorite shows, that's saying a lot for me. We stumbled across Season 1 on another site as we were looking for something new and good to get into on TV over the holidays. This caught us immediately. Season 1 of Hell on Wheels is another dramatic win for AMC. Season 2, (bought here on Amazon) built on the characters and story of Season 1 bringing us a brilliant look at not only a piece of American history, but in such a way that to a certain extent, you can't hate the Native Americans for their seemingly cruel behavior as their land was being unfairly ripped away from them, and you can't hate the many times corrupt railroad personnel for building a railroad through this land without any thought about the rights of Native Americans.I think the strength of this series is that it shows humanity in all of its forms - greed, corruption, thoughtless killing, drunkenness, as well as moments of incredible love and tenderness. This was a different time. Taking place just after the end of the Civil War, the people "hired" to build this railroad are often remnants of this war, many of them suffering from terrible effects and experiences of that war. I would like to have seen more of the Indians side of things, but I suspect this is a series about how the dregs of society as well as some with big dreams of finding success out west all come together and figure out how to get the railroad through Indian territory to the Pacific to tie the east and west together. Hence the name, Hell on Wheels.The huge strength of this series is the actors and writers chosen to tell this story. Ansom Mount is strong as the central character, Cullum. Colm Meaney, is amazing as Thomas Durant, the greedy tycoon trying to get the lucrative government grant to build it. A host of other equally strong actors fill out the story in ways about as genius as the Dead. I highly recommend Hell on Wheels. It's not your average western by any means. It also has a bit of the feel of Sons of Anarchy as well. Definitely in my top ten favorite shows I've seen. Glad I didn't find it sooner. It was awesome watching the first two seasons back to back. This is another win for AMC. It just needs more advertising and word of mouth. Definitely television worth watching.
You can really feel the main character's pain.  He's so unlikable but you feel for him. The movie does a great job showing how sad and lonely and depressing this guy is. Gaming is all he is good at, and you even wonder about that since it seems he makes the rules.  The whole movie I wanted to give him a make-over knowing it might make him feel better. But obviously, his pain, anger, and low self-esteem is much deeper than that, and I salute the movie for showing a glimpse of the root of that pain. The grandma in this film was the funniest character in the movie!
About time classical music gets its due!  The 'behind the scenes' of the symphony is an unusual, but fascinating subject.
I have really enjoyed watching Eureka. The first to seasons introduced all of the key characters and a lot of the projects of the company that built the town. Season 3 brings several changes including that the children have grown older and graduated or advanced scientific minded teens. I love seeing the new projects and their results. The roles of Fargo and of Jo change. Excellent show. Very good imagination.
Wonderful show and amazing characters. So terribly sad it was not renewed for another season. I looked forward to it each week.
Now we are sitting here drumming our fingers and tapping our feet while waiting for season 4 next summer! :(
Each episode is dished up with the same pace, conviction, drama - leaving you hungry for more. What will happen between the characters next? What new conniving strategy will threaten to unsettle a recent detente? What a treat to finally come across a show that isn't replete with boring prejudices and platitudes!
Really an awesome series! And of course James Spader is amazing. I'm hooked,constant excitement,and unlike any series out! Wish I could give more stars..
Like the group of people, Barry is funny love the different vehicles he has. Hate hester and his yuuup. Like brandy and jarrod.
A new series for intelligent viewers.  Maybe his wife didn't turn.  Time will tell as the series continues.  Even if has been blown to bits.
So I grew up with James Spader as the annoying side kick shows/movies.I am taken back by his later career, this role is fantastic he knocks it out of the park.Love the corruption mildly brewing behind the scenes of personal lives and government.Truly bad is just lurking ....
This was a realistic crime show.  It was interesting and held your interest to the end.  We look forward to the solution.
Due to Apple's failure to provide the latest episode of Doctor Who (Rebel Flesh), this will be my very first and LAST iTunes Season Pass. For the second half of Season 6, I will give my money to Amazon.com, which seems to have figured out how to put the show up the morning after it airs.
I was really surprised by this movie.  Admittedly I rented it just to kill time, but it turned out to be really cool.  It is filmed similarly too Blair Witch, though this one didn't make me seasick.  It's about a group of students who confront a man accused of poaching bears in Norway, only to find out he actually works for the Norwegian government tracking trolls.  The story line was very inventive.  The effects were pretty good and keep it above an average B movie.  The acting was really good, and the twist at the end was great too.  If you can bare subtitles (part of the film is in english too) and like monster type movies, you'll probably like this film.
Island... check!  Spiders... kind of check!  Horror... not exactly!  Deranged part-spider mostly man... definitely! Women running around in their underwear... almost the entire movie!  Oh, and one dead professor.  This is surely one of the lowest of the B-raters and the MST3K crew do it the proper justice.
I can't stop watching this show - it is so dramatic but in a real way.  It is heartbreaking but often redeeming as well.
This is the best show on TV. It just keeps getting better and better. The cast is awesome and the storyline is so cool.
The season 2 finale and season 3 opener featuring the zombie master were, in my opinion, a little disappointing if not downright campy however episode two of the current season sets the stage for a decidedly different turn of events.  What fans are being treated to is nothing short of an expanding universe as other legendary creatures, not necessarily Wesen, are introduced along with hints of Nick's deadlier powers and darker persona.  Everyone's favorite Blutbad (i.e. Monroe) continues to be an active consultant helping to lighten the mood but with a decidedly larger emphasis on his own story while the European intrigue sub-plot continues to become a more substantial and thankfully more interesting part of the overall series.Horror lovers will be pleased with the look and feel that Grimm continues to cultivate and given that it precedes "Dracula" on Friday evening is helping to give NBC a reputation as the place to go for legitimate, creepy thrills.  If you can't wait till season 3 is released on DVD but don't care for the commercials associated with television, then buy a season pass (includes a slight discount) on Amazon and you can watch new episodes that premiere Friday evening on Saturday morning.  :o)
I really like the medical science mysteries and this one has my attention!  I keep trying to figure out what's the motives behind what's going on.  I marvel @ the actors rattling off all the tongue twisting jargon.  Some scenes are rather disturbing, but also a sobering reminder of how somethings can go very wrong.. fast.
I really enjoy Justified - I initially watched the first season on Amazon and couldn't get enough - so now I'm through season 4.  This is a great show
I love this show and I would recommend this show to everyone. and it did not mess up on amazon.
The season 5 is filled with drama .betrayals  and suspense. This great show is well worth the investment of time to view.A true TV classic.
Daria rocks. This season is no different. i really enjoyed wathcing this series again as an adult. I definitely ddnt get the sarcasm & humor that was going on wen i first watched it as a kid! Don't forget the movie at the end!
Our whole family can enjoy watching this sweet little show. There is gentle humor and life lessons, and Timmy's school environment is one that I wish my own kids could attend each day! Pre-k teachers should watch this.  :)
This has become one of our family's great TV favorites.Superbly done.  Can not understand why they would havecanceled this program.
This is one of our family favorites! Good clean fun!!! Not to mention educational, exciting, and very entertaining! A must see!
Good special effects, a dash of realistic biology and an interesting story make Trollhunter that which I always strive to find: something entertaining and unlike anything else I've seen.  Clutch writing makes the characters as interesting as the monsters--a task which I feel is generally difficult.The movie opens with a mood-setting disclaimer that it was formed by chronologically assembling footage left behind by an anti-Mythbusters documentary film crew from the University of Volda.  How very Norse-Blair Witch Project meets Cloverfield of them.  The camerawork has all of the appeal of Cloverfield without the headache-inducing shakiness (except when briefly appropriate, for example, running from a troll!).This film follows a group of student filmmakers as they follow Hans.  Originally suspected of being a bear poacher, Hans is actually a somewhat bitter, poorly paid government employee charged with "troll management".  This sounds slapstick-ridiculous, but I swear it is delivered with a straight face.  Hans is charged with tracking and killing trolls that have wandered from their government-delineated territory--like a secret wildlife preserve.  He hopes that filming these creatures and informing the public could improve future troll management strategies...that, and he's clearly sick of the secrecy and, perhaps, being under-appreciated.The depictions of the trolls stayed in the true spirit of classic folklore.  But still there was a subtle attempt to explain a bit about troll biology.  As a biologist, I found this charming.  The extra heads (accessory organs, really) that some trolls develop throughout their life cycle assist them in peacocking to impress females and to intimidate other trolls.  There are also two species (groups), each with various subspecies (types), of trolls.  In as detailed a manner as one could expect from a movie like this, they even explain why trolls turn to stone when exposed to ultraviolet light (and why some explode instead).  Troll detection, tracking, various baiting techniques, gestation periods, intelligence, and the simple fact that they are mammals are all addressed, even if only briefly.The behavior and variety of the trolls they encounter make this film feel like Where the Wild Things Are for fanboys.  There are several different troll scenes and the types of trolls differ as much as the circumstances of their encounter.  While the effects are not amazing, they are every bit as good as they need to be to maintain the credibility of a world in which trolls exist and, more importantly, to keep us entertained.  I never felt that the effects "could have been better".  If you like monster movies then this is a MUST SEE for you!I you like this movie, then check out Rare Exports and Thale.  Both are also Norwegian folklore-themed movies.  Rare Exports and Trollhunter are reviewed on [...]and can be found in the archives.
Thought this was a great concept and show, after the garbage you see directed toward children today this was a nice twist.  Hope to see this made into a series.
Diego has helped my daughter to realize some significant animal characteristics.  She always looks forward to going forward in watching more episodes!
Ramona may need help, but if she could just talk a llitle slower than I might just understand her better. She is the most &#34;Drama Queen&#34; of them all,  Of all the girls, Carol has her act together...two fold. These girls just won't let go and move on!
Now the Amsterdam episode absolutely sucks (in my opinion) but all the rest of them are fantastic.  I can watch episodes of The Layover over and over again
Nothing particularly outstanding about this program in terms of acting or story lines, but it sure is fun to watch.  Great special effects and totally different from any TV shows that are available.  New and different.
If you like SCI-FI you'll love this; I get the episode as soon as it comes out on Amazon Instant Video
This is one of my favorite shows.  It is well written and all of the actors give an excellent performance.  Too bad it is over
This is one of the best seasons of Ancient Aliens. It includes well thought out ideas and fascinating locations. I love that this show always leaves me with questions. I don't agree with everything they say, but I love thinking about it and trying to come up with my own conclusions. I really enjoy seeing all the site around the world that defy the standard explanations.
Good stories . Good acting . I just  recently saw Kelly  Reilly in a tv series on American channel  Had no idea that she was British. Very good series . I would watch many more episodes if they come about.
I love the intrigue of this season and happy that Annie and Auggie is together ! I love this show!
I am not finished the first episode yet, but I am excited to finish and to see more of this show.  The actors are all doing a great job.  The set seems well thought out and set up and the story seems very interesting.  I will tell my mom about this tomorrow.  Very cool new show.  I a, excited to see more.
this is definitenley not a show for anyone sensitive,this seasons storyline has been a bit more dark and intense a very edge of your seat type of season.It didnt dissapoint in any way which was s somthing i was afraid of after how good season one turned out to be,but this picked right up with that level of intensity,and a storyline leaving you not just wanting,but needing to know what happend next. A must reccomend for AHS fans. Id also reccomend this to anyone who enjoyed the Kingdom Hospital series
I almost did not watch this show, I am happy that I did. The show has passion, a lust for music and a sensual connection, it kind of plays with the imagination which positions you in the mood for more. Truly recommend, have a sensational time watching this show. Cannot wait to see how the season lays out.
thought this was going to be the last season. you could feel that they are about to lose the charm of the show but it holds true in most of the episodes. still definitely a funny show.NPH is the man
I love this show! I had seen only 2 of them years ago and was fascinated by the premise, production and cast. To have all 3 seasons is a feast that is my day end treat. The main character, Cal Lightman, of The Lightman Group, is a psychologist who has developed a practice around 'reading' micro features and reactions of people during different stressor moments. He is the quirky feature. His team appease the general public and buffer with authorities. His Irish accent is just enough. I watch him and wonder how much is his perfect ACTING style and how much is what he naturally brings. Unusual, creative & enjoyable.
I was not expecting much from this movie but since I am a diehard fan of horror/monsters/aliens/scifi/etc movies I just had to see this and I was glad I did! If you like a fun yet silly movie with good and likeable characters like Shaun of the Dead or Attack the Block then check out Grabbers!
The chemistry between the main characters is great.... even we know they come with baggage of their past jobs.  Still miss &#34;The Closer&#34;, but this & Major Crimes are easing the &#34;pain&#34;.
I enjoyed the fact-based evaluations of several of the world leaders during the World War II period, including Hitler, Mousolini, Rosevelt, and Churchill.
Spectacular production and acting, based on actual people from history and events.  This is a show to NOT be missed.
It's a small-town cop drama that simply happens to take place in the West. This show is character-driven. You want plot, watch The Killing. You want interesting characters, try Longmire. If you love the Jesse Stone series, give this one a try.
Whoever thought this series up is a genius. I'm actually reviewing the entire first season/complete series--which should have been renewed (phoey on the networks!!).All of the episodes are included in the download if you program if for all episodes. Common sense here people.  My favirote episodes are ' The intern' just because having to do at least one internship now is a virtual right of passage for anybody trying to get anywhere in anyjob now. Nobody will look at you with just a college degree. The episode takes a 'comedic' look at what the private sector intern does in the office--and themselves can expect to go through. It's not fun and games at all.I also liked "Sydney, Australia". A stumped ad company managed to turn annoying messages to one of their executives into a catchy ad campaign--which saved 'the difficult client account". Is this good multi-tasking or what??  This is the song I still remember about the series for some reason--even without having seen it in months. I can still sing it off the top of my head.Having grown up watching him on TV, I was thrilled to see Robin Williams return to TV. He was still able to do a weekly sitcom. It is great to find out that Sarah Michelle Gellar has a good comedic side. I appreciate her so much more now as an actress.  Both of them should band together and find the network executive who cancelled this series. When so many other series had just settled for toilet humor, this sitcom WAS crazy, it tried to engage audiences with a personal/work family who loved eachother despite everything. It should have never been cancelled.
I can tell that thought went into this series.  It is like filler between what happened in the movie with few things added in.  If you like the movie you will either hate or like this.  I happen to like it.
I laughed the whole way through!  I purchased and watched it on Amazon. I love that I can lay in bed when I'm not feeling well and watch this hysterical family! It brings a lightness to my soul!
This series is about what the old style American is all about.  He is loyal to his friends, needs to right injustice when he sees it but is like all people somewhat flawed.  Still one will look at Sheriff Longmire and see an American hero.  His counterpoint is the detective from Denver that illustrates all that is wrong in our politically correct America.It is definitely a series that is compelling and worth time spent watching it.  I highly recommend it.
I love the relationship between Givens and his X-Wife, the writers do a great job of keeping that dramatic and I love how T.O. is cool with the whole baby thing. but I have a feeling that he will freak about it a little later.Plus, that whole back-wood country feeling is great. Neighbors making moonshine and handling the law on their terms, not leaving it up to the lawman to take care of the problem. I love that there is a balance, the Marshells go after you for the big stuff, but the little stuff they are going to waste their time.
love it can't wait for the next season, start watching last year love the story line and is one of the show I recommend. Give A try you might like it.
My three year old daughter LOVES these guys and has now for the past year.  Teaches her quite a bit about animals.
A definite keeper with some excellent star turns.  I hope the North Carolinian oboist keeps some of her naivete although I am sure that will be out the window as television goes.  Rodrigo is sure to corrupt anyone as is so often the case with genius, music and sex.  It would be a pity to keep each episode down to thirty minutes with this a mere tidbit of plot, character and possibility.  I would definitely watch further episodes.
Well, after watching over 50 episodes, this series has some great moments and finally achieved the elusive 5 star rating with me.  Still no sign of the lost member of the team Leah, who disappeared without explanation.  I guess it just adds to the intrigue.  Highly recommended though.
Season 2 is better and more exciting than Season 1.  Annie has matured in her role as well as the script.  Auggie shows more versatility as well as the other characters.  Cast is well done.
My 4 year old loves this show. It is very creative and keeps his attention. The five friends use their imagination as they play in their backyards.
This is such a great show I can hardly put my kindle down. The actors are the best. I am so glad season. 2 & 3 r on prime also
It so nice to know when you tune into Major Crimes you see familiar characters that are uplifting and entertaining. You always feel excitement when it is time for the next episode.
While the plot bogged down with complications at times, they pulled it out at the end. The cast and music were wonderful as was the dancing. Fans of musicals will love Smash!
Maybe I am confused but the last episode available this season seems to be November 25th. Surely this isn't the end of the season? Anyone know what's up? Thanks!!
I love this show! And this season has not dissapointed!!! True it is running a bit slower than other seasons but it looks like they are still deciding on a way to go......
I'm a huge horror fan !! Let just say that I truely loved the 1st vhs , that said I'm so beyond words for vhs 2 , it is the best behind the camera genre , ghost flick , one the best zombie shorts to date , the 3rd flick is called safe haven ... Wow this is the most messed up shorts on this film . I truely give it 5 &#127775;&#127775;&#127775;&#127775;&#127775;cuz it deserves it . U won't be disappointed .
I like this teen angst anime. I love the sarcasm and hidden thoughts running throughout this season as well as Season 1, Good laid back-about time to sleep-entertainment.
This is the best show on television, tied with NCIS. I love the characters and their humaness. There is plenty of action but these characters also have a soft side and I appreciate seeing that. I truly love this show.
This show was suspenseful and great promise.Pilots are always scattered trying to hook you into wanting more....  This one succeeds!
I think this presentation of yet another conspiracy story is well written, exciting and easy to follow. Since the heroes are a group of teenagers this series might be of great interest to that age group, but I'm 67 and I loved it!
Fantastic acting, great writing, and an assured tone make for a fantastic show.  I wanted to watch the next one immediately.  This would be at home headlining any premium network.  Jeffrey Tambour would get an Emmy nomination for sure.
good writing, good performances.  And doesn't make fun of republicans at there expense. Hopefully most will agree it makes fun and laughs with themThe show  gives some complex characters, that deserve a 2nd season.  Different from west wing. A little less serious.  People who like the office will like this
I love this series - about ready to start watching Season 3. I love the main character - how laid back he is and soft spoken.The only problem I have is it's hard to believe that a little town like Harlan, KY has so many bad guys. A little far-fetched i nmy opinion but I do enjoy the action. Wish there was more mountain and bluegrass music. Would help make the show better.
This series continues to develop interesting and complex characters.  It is dark and sometimes violent, and wanders off from the original premise of Elmore Leonard, but makes good adult viewing.  The characters in the story have some depth, make human decisions that may surprise the viewer, and the story wanders around the dangerous edges of human behavior.  Worth watching.  (Worth reading!)
Soft, tender and beautifully restrained, `Ondine' is a magical film that left me feeling a warmth in my bones I hadn't felt walking out of a theater in quite a while.  I have been anxiously awaiting this films opening for some time now, beings that I had first read of it last year, but it wasn't until about a month ago that it opened in my neck of the woods and I dragged the wife down to one of those posh `Independent' theaters that I love so much to see this `adult fairytale' for myself.I was simply captivated.The film centers around a lost soul (well, quite a few of them actually) who have to come to terms with circumstance and situation, all of which dampen their existence.  Syracuse is a reformed alcoholic fisherman who struggles to care for his handicapped daughter (the poor girls suffers from kidney failure) while battling his ex-wife and her new man, both of whom are still heavy drinkers.  One morning Syracuse sees something strange in his net; a woman.  She insists that he tell no one of her whereabouts, and so he allows her to stay in his mother's home (she's deceased).  Syracuse's daughter stumbles upon this mysterious woman (who goes by the name Ondine, which means `she came from the sea') and instantly believes that she is a selkie, a sea-woman who wears a seal coat and is allowed to come to land and live for seven years if she sheds seven tears, buries her seal-coat and falls in love with a lands-man (it's Celtic myth, and I may have got it a tad wrong so correct me if you feel the need).  Regardless of what or who Ondine is, it is instantly apparent that she is very good for both Annie and Syracuse, and they are good for her as well.  You can see them come out of the depression that circles their lives and begin to live, spirits uplifted and futures bright.Until...Well, I don't think it would be too telling to state that not all is as it seems and dark secrets are bound to come to the light.`Ondine' is a beautiful film to look at, complete with stunning cinematography that still maintains a gritty authenticity that lets you know this is not your typical glossed over fairytale.  The Polish actress Alicja Bachleda (who looks like a Victoria's Secret model) is obviously well liked by the director (who can blame him) and so he effortlessly frames her, but without every once coming across as offensive or tacky.  She's beautiful, but not at the cost of the films internal integrity.The film has a very tender center, one that beautifully captures the rawness of human longing and the desire to put our pasts behind us.Performance-wise, this film is very strong.  I've always been a fan of Colin Farrell (so underrated as an actor) and I absolutely love what he's been doing with his career over the past few years.  That Golden Globe win for `In Bruges' (how dare the Academy snub him!) was just the beginning, and `Ondine' marks yet another pure, grounded and unforgettable performance by the Irish stunner.  He breathes such depth of despair into Syracuse's bones, giving him a rough yet endearing quality that makes us want to comfort him and alleviate his troubles.  This is easily the best performance I've seen so far this year (granted, I have not seen a lot).  Stephen Rea (who stunned in another Neil Jordan masterpiece, `The Crying Game') delivers a delightfully subtle supporting turn as the cheeky Priest who knows Syracuse all too well, and Alicja Bachleda sizzles with commanding strength as that mysterious sea-beauty.  Alison Barry delivers a smart performance, once that capitalizes on youth in all the right ways and I think one that was necessary in carrying the audience off into her fantastical beliefs.In the end, `Ondine' is a marvelous film that I highly recommend to all.  There are few films that offer such refreshingly unique viewpoints and that flourish with originality within prose (my only balk is at the clich&eacute;d way in which the `obvious' villain is introduced, but it's a very minor complaint) that ignoring this film would be a travesty for any and every movie lover.
Excellent series! I like all the Doctor's, yet, this doctor is very refreshing and quirky (as are they all in their own way). It always fascinates me how each new Doctor has his own personality that shines through. Yet, each is different in a new and inviting way.
Sam and Dean are back, with new Hunters to help them out.  With time running out, and the Yellow Eyed Demon out there, it's a race to get find him, and avenge their dad.  And Soon, Dean makes a shocking deal.
I really enjoy this program, but although all of these men have capabilities beyond mine, I have to say that Eustace Conway of North Carolina (Turtle Island) is the only one that doesn't do stupid! Eustace has a keen eye and mind for the safety of not only himself, but of those around him. He would make a great mentor for anyone wishing to learn his way of life. On the other hand, Tom Oar left his wife a single shot .410 shotgun for protection against Grizzlies and wolves that had been coming around the homestead during his absence. If he didn't know that a .410 was totally inadequate against those wife eaters then perhaps he could use some educating. He is nearly crippled with his knee and worried about losing his way of life. Some advice to him: take some time off and get that knee repaired even if it means getting a total knee replacement, then after rehab he should have many more productive years that he otherwise will not likely have. Singer Pat Boone was onstage just two weeks after a total knee replacement. Granted, Tom's way of life is a bit more demanding, but he is strong and should recover nicely.The guy up in Maine is a disaster waiting to happen. His heart is in the right place but he is simply too green for his own good. He might do well with a little time with Eustace Conway!The Indian in Idaho has made no mistakes that I can see; he has just had some bad luck! I would like to know what he did with the remainder of his sled dog team though.The lion hunter is pretty level headed, but I would never climb up a tree after a Mountain Lion like he did. It could have cost him an eyeball or two or even his life. I'm sure he had at least a sidearm, but if he dropped it while up in the tree he would be uhh, &#34;up a creek without a paddle&#34;?Now Marty in Alaska is a work of art. I can see that he has skills that I never ever thought of having. My hat is off to him, but he does take unnecessary risks. When his snowmobile broke down 10 miles from his cabin, he was worried about the wolf packs and Grizzlies. He had to snowshoe the 10 miles in the dark, and he didn't have his rifle with him! Now, maybe he had a revolver that would work in that cold and maybe it was a bear killer, but seeing how Marty has carelessly operated in the past I seriously doubt it.Well now I have run through all the episodes posted so I will have to wait for more as they come. I REALLY enjoy this program, and wish there was a way to correspond with the Mountain Men, especially Eustace. I have never, ever seen a modern man who could do all the things he does from scratch. He is truly a very intelligent and resourceful individual. He is an icon of the American Pioneer spirit.
Mad Men Season 7 Episode 1 features the character of Don Draper making the best out of his new life and naturally wanting to improve both his personal and professional life. He chooses to stay in  a place with a view and interacts with Pete Campbell, who appears happy in his new surroundings. The character of Joan is Harris  is dealing with a business contract that involves a footwear company and is shown meeting a college professor regarding assistance in navigating certain aspects of  her professional work.  I admit that I look forward to the journey that the character of Don Draper (craftily played by John Hamm)undergoes as he carefully pieces both his marriage back together and regains his career footing. However, I admit that I also like watching the show because of the portrayals done by Christina Hendricks as Joan Harris and I also look forward to January Jones in her Betty Francis role during upcoming episodes.  This is because Christina Hendricks reasonably plays a woman who is always calm under professional  pressure and keeps her cool when  various people question her  abilities (such as the case with her meeting with the professor).  I enjoy watching January Jones solid performance as a woman who is a survivor of what happened between her and Don and also staying emotionally strong during a time when many women were still greatly restricted in their professional career choices. I am fortunate in being able to access all six seasons through the Netflix subscription that my husband and I share. However, I enjoy the Mad Men series to the point where I would like to eventually purchase the complete season sets (1-7) of Mad Men within the next 18 months.
This show is so high energy and engaging!  I don't usually watch shows of this type, but the actors in this one are so great, and the dialog is so good, that I am happily hooked.  I can't wait to see what trouble Mike gets into next, or what outrageous stunt Harvey has to pull in order to save the day.  Even the theme music has me tapping my toes!  Here is a great package that I hope goes on for many seasons.
I love all the seasons of The Unit. Wish it was still on television. I enjoyed my binge watch of this show. One exciting episode after another.
As usual, this season of Bones does not disappoint! I All the seasons of this show are just what I am looking for in a crime show! I recommend this to anyone who enjoys shows like Murder, She Wrote, The Closer, and all the Law and Ordres
I love to hate the bad guys on Justified!!  Raylan gets himself in some situations that me feel anxious about how he's going to get out.  I always feel a roller coaster of emotions, because I am so invested in every episode.  I don't like all of the characters, which really means that the actors play their parts well.  I love Justified, and I'll always watch an episode more than once to make sure that I haven't missed anything!!
Watch this you will not be disappointed at all & the eye candy is nice too! Great show!! Can't wait for next season
When I watch Warehouse 13 it gives me the opportunity to just let go off the tough days, and imagine living in the wildly appealing life of a Warehouse agent.  Oh to escape to a magical place like the Warehouse.  The stuff dreams are made of.
infant son loves the show. it's not so bad I can sit and watch with him without wanting to kill myself.
I love this show.  I couldn't stop watching it once I started.  The end of episode cliff hangers are great!
Wow, what can I say this is one of the best written show on the tube, the cast is great and the chemistry between the major players are awesome! Looking forward for more exciting plots! 2 thumbs up!!
What a show!  I'm bummed that the season ended.  I also liked watching it without commercials and being able to repeat an episode if I wanted to
watching every chance! great show, funny, quirky, excellent! love goodman! great cast and soooo amazing! worth it to have prime just for this!
Just started watching the first season, but I have to say I have become addicted. Diane Kruger's acting as the slightly off detective has been great as has been the other actors. The plot is engaging. My Spanish is greatly improving.
What happened with Tony and the plague he was dying from.  HELP!  It's killing me to know!!!!!!!!!!
tale of trust/honor&political views of each other's race,country&creed.Pretty interesting what being stripped down to being a bare,normal,everyday human will do to you!
Especially love the ability to make the close captioning larger.Very easy to access...I give it 5 stars.Recommend to lovers of sci-fi.
Hidden gem of show where the cast interaction is on level of excellence bar none.  A thespian experience that is intense and surprising moment by moment as the story goes on!
I started to watch this series on my kindle and was hooked.  Great acting and very good characters - I hope the great writing and storylines last.
Monk: Season Eight, arrived very quickly and in perfect condition.  I would buy further products from this seller in the future.
The Governor, zombie-like, yet alive, returns. What's not to like? But man, how are the writers ever going to end this?
I first heard of King and Maxwell from an AD on the television. The AD did NOT do the show ANY justice!The show is funny, entertaining, and suspenseful! It is kind of like Castle meets Suits. I would recommend thisTV show to anyone who likes police drama TV shows such as, castle, criminal minds, law and order, chuck, crossing lines, etc.
This is another one that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Great cast they work well trying to solve the plot of a cult serial killer.
I love john goodman this series was made for him ! Cannot wait to see the new episodes ! Thank you for great programming !
This season has been heart breaking,mind blowing and Earth shattering all at once! twists at every turn and &#34;Biters&#34;around every corner! There has been some sad moments as we loose some characters that have been around from the beginning and at least one character that re-emerges from the past whom we assumed was dead and turned walker.this is a great show that explores what the limit of humans are capable of in extreme situations(both good and bad)&#34;.The hard part about about being in a zombie apocalypse will be pretending I'm not excited&#34;(from a bumper sticker)
I love this show. Then I wonder...how is it that at so many of these auctions there are so many people at the beginning and then it ends up being a showdown between the four silly stars.  Where did all the other people go?  I like treasure hunting...so I get excited when any one gets a great find in a locker.  This is a rough business....I can only imagine.  The best thing about watching this was not have have to wait SO LONG between commercials.  Loved it.  I am on to Season Two very soon.
We weren't going to watch any new shows,even though we thought the show looked really good, so missed first 2 episodes and heard so many good things and family watches it so we started DVRing the season and watched first 2 episodes on Amazon Instant Video and the show is awsome and keeps you guessing.
Low key but intriguing, it has a Jesse Stone quality without being quite so depressing. I especially like the lead and I'm glad to see him get a shot at his own series. An interesting show that I hope I get to see more of.
I chose to watch season 3 of Justified, because I had missed it during the regular season. I love this show with the humor, drama and story line.
This is a consortium of Latin and American actors trying to solve the impossible.  Add to this the complicated relationship between an Aspergers spectrum detective and her boss, subtitled Spanish, subtexts and subplots and the overall picture is both complicated and a good experience.  I believe this is a re-make of a series first shown in Denmark?  I will definitely search this out and watch it as well.
I never watched it when it was on TV so I am really enjoying watching all of them now. I really like the main character and how Kyra Sedgwick portrays her.
I thought the pilot episode was very good and I'm curious to see how it's going to go. More episodes please?
Very intriguing plots and a twist to peak your interest.  You have to start from the beginning to understand that the &#34;Americans&#34; are about the Russians who have infiltrated into the U.S. during the cold war and have integrated thier lives into the U.S. in order to spy and or destroy the U.S.  An enjoyable series and the plots vary enough in the series to keep you coming back for more!Good performances by main characters as well as supporting cast.
I literally stayed up and glued to the tv all day and night finishing up the whole season in one sitting!  Twists you never saw coming.
Can't get enough of a quiet, dignified detective of integrity.  All seasons have been enjoyed and worthwhile watching.  We recommend it.
I was very glad to see my favorite professor is heading back to the states where he does his best work.
I waS a bit skeptical of this kind of drama before watching, but found myself engrossed in the story very quickly.  The realism (albeit Hollywood style) gives a scary peek into the cold war with Russia at the time of Regan.  With news casts from the period it makes it seem even more realistic.  The show centers around the two KGB spies, husband and wife, who have been assisgned to America undercover.  Tension abounds with the interaction and difficulties with trust for each other and their &#34;keeper&#34; from Russia.  They are asked to do impossible information gathering that puts the tension on the cutting edge.  The acting is superb and the tension realistic between the two and at times you wonder if they really care of each other or not.  Heart pumping action, tension and excellent acting make this a real nail biter and couldn't help but watch the whole series in tow settings.  Well worth the time.
This has it all, high drama, credible plot, family feuds, emotional highs and lows , the thin line between good guys and bad guys.  When does a cop cross the line and become a bad guy as Dennis Quade comes close to teaming up with the mob.  The mob, on the other hand, has its good guys and bad guys and at times you really like the bad guy who becomes a good guy just trying to keep his job, just like any other corporate manager. There is something for everyone here, love, sensuality, intrigue, intelligence, mystery, tough guys and sexy women.  What's not to like?  Keep this show going, its a keeper.
I know 5 stars means you love it, but they should stand for I hate it.  It is so bad I cant stop watching. Abby Lee is a person you hate one moment and feel for the next.  Same goes for the Moms.  The little girls are so lovely.  You just wish they could be treated equally and fairly but that's life, nothing is really like that.  Maddie is obviously the little star but you cant help but root and cheer when Chloe rises and shines.  I hate myself but wont stop watching now.  Every dancer out there I would imagine would be engrossed with this series.
I didn't expect a lot out of this Onion News comedy. It's like HBO's "Newsroom" meets "Airplane." Very funny, very quick and enjoyable. It is an absurd kind of humor with a lot of slide-in scenes -- kind of like Family Guy. I just liked everything about it.
This is a real fast pace exciting, Oh Wow Drama, I cant believe it. I was not real excited about it at first. it moves really fast and sometimes I had to rewind to figure out what the heck was being said. I'd be like &#34;WHAT?&#34; but I am additcted. I just love it. it is wild and make you wonder..... really wonder....
Love it!  As usual it's good entertainment!!
I would like to see more seasons of this show. I enjoyed it a lot. It's about as good if not better than Face Off.
I like this TV series which nowadays may not last too long for reasons I can only guess at. I have the other seasons and just want to complete my collection. If you haven't seen any of the shows try season 1 and see what you think of it.
Fantastic. Who knew Congresspeople could be so incompetent, corrupt, absurd....and likeable...on both sides of the aisle? Trudeau nails it. We missed a lot the first time through because we were laughing so much; we'll be watching each episode again as the season progresses.
Interesting program, not sure if it is all true or not.......................it seems the focus is off of finding gold and more on finding ghosts.
This is my all time favorite cooking show. I have made several of these recipes after watching the videos and hopping in the car to get all the ingrdients at the grocery, and each one came out exactly as it should have. My fave is the episode with the french apple cake. I cant remember which season that is but the cake is amazing and very true to the flatter, sweet cake the french make with lots of apples. These recipes are manageable for your average hobbiest/cook in your own home's kitchen. The only recipe i will decline to make is croissants... that one is just took much trouble. Rather the bakery handle that one! If youclike to cook ajx want a variety of interesting, doable and true to promised good taste, watch all these episodes and seasons.
Its great to see a series that has all the elements of suspense that you love to watch in movies!!!! Its awesome!
I love the Mindy Project.  I live to see every episode.  It is awesome! I can't wait to see more episodes.
As far as the final episode of the final season goes, this episode, the first episode, of the final season is as good as it gets. Haters gonna hate, with their low ratings on Amazon for selfish reasons, but that does not make the anticipation for something great to happen, in this final season, anything less than it already is. Can't wait, but I have to. So do you!
Great show, a bit convoluted at times but generally good programs. It's worth watching if you have not seen it.
Tony brings something special to an ordinary cooking show! A little bit of culture, travel, comedy, adventure, class and oh yes food!
THE ACTORS ARE SUPERB.  THE STORIES ARE VERY GRASPING.  YOU LOST ANOTHER ACTOR THAT I REALLY LIKED, DARN.  I LIKE THE FAST PACE OF THE STORY LINES.  EACH CHARACTER IS UNIQUE.  KEEP THEM COMING.
This show is getting better and better. Kurt Sutter is great. As is Ron Perlman and Charlie Hunnam and Katey Sagal. Love it!
my two year old loves the show and is learning lots! i especially enjoy how excited she gets about the clues!
I saw this series and never heard of it so I decide to give it a try. I am glad I did I was hook after the first episode. It is a British series and very well written and the actors are great.  It is about Organized Crime Division that solve crimes in the east end district of Whitechapel, more like a Law and Order. It is a great series and think everyone should give it a try, can't hurt.
I like how the show is progressing and it is interesting to see how the songs and storyline blend together.  A true gem of a show.
this is a great series to watch. love that actors and actress in this series. keep you looking for more.
This is like a historical soap opera.  It has history and an awesome plot line.  What more do you need?
I loved this show so much I couldn't wait to finish it.  I devoured each season and when I got to the end.  I watched Season 1 all over again because by that time I was in love with each and every character.
I don't know why it is, but the Brits just do a terrific job with mystery series, particularly those involving serial killers.  Ciaran Hinds is just marvelous as strong willed DCI James Langton and Kelly Reilly is equally as interesting as the &#34;new kid on the block&#34; so to speak.  This series has some of the most arresting villains I have ever seen on TV.  If mystery is your cup of tea, do not miss this series.  Thank you Amazon Fire for introducing me to this terrific show!!
The writing and acting of each episode gets better each time.  I am happy that the characters are not two dimensional and each is growing in their own fashion
We really enjoyed this. It keeps your attention. we just couldn't wait to watch the next episode to see what adventures awaited Nick, and the team. It's the kind of show that has you laughing your head off one minute to sitting on the edge of your seat in suspense the next. It's funny, scary and very entertaining.  a wide variety of themes and characters which provoke all the emotions making and excellent series. It's a must see with no regrets.
I missed the first episode of Betrayal & was able to buy it & start watching within a minutes. I love Amazon video downloads.
A compelling look at prewar Poland and the French embassy's actions to keep it out of harms wayof impending invasion by the Germans. The photography was simply exquisite!! The very best!. The setsand 1930 clothing and furniture, automobiles etc were spellbinding. I was completely enamored with the film.I also discovered an author I knew nothing about. The author who wrote the book for the movie: Alan Furst. Not onlySpies of Warsaw, but many other novels of prewar Europe.I highly recommend this excellent film
This is a great series. I am so glad I found it. It is now one of my favorite television shows.
so is awesome.watch it with my kids best fun had in awhile glad its on.hope goes forever.wish more like it
I love the books and the casting is perfect. I can't wait for a new episode I hope this one will keep showing.  If you haven't read the books it's ok as you will enjoy the show.
I love this show and am bitterly disappointed it was canceled before it really got going. The writers handed the twisting story lines expertly and made sure to give all the Avengers enough face time to make the viewers care about each one of them. This show has a really good Loki too which is very hard to do and currently only this show and the Avenger's movie have managed to pull off.This show is a must watch for kids and adults.
If you're like the many who believe in the paranormal, you'll love this show.  The investigation is fascinating and the psychic work is wonderful.  I want every season of this show on PRIME!
While the first season was good, the second season picks up with more intrigue, better effects, deeper and more intelligent plot, and improved scripting. The actors continue to provide excellent performances, and the episodes keep you involved the whole time. I'm always excited to see the next episode, and I enjoy every minute of it when watching it! I highly recommend it!
.A vastly under-praised work of engrossing Story, Story, Story---and Revelation.This brilliant real-life documentary has a beginning, middle, and end---yet they are all one and the same, a passionate love story ranging from youth to the most silver senior years. It is a journey we all must make into whatever dreams may come, or not---yet a journey we can envy.Through a reserved yet non-stop roller-coaster romance in its twilight years, we witness the mature fruition of realistic love.  Flashback original footage of the ageless yet aging lovers flickers in and out like beautiful dreams of youth and quest and destination arrived at.Yet as the end surely approaches, love rolls steadily onward and reveals itself through a completed transformation of each lover. A sea-change; those are diamonds that were her eyes, and pearls his....I found tears in my eyes more than just once. This is a beautiful story that left me wanting more.Buy it.Watch it.It is wondrous..
It reminds me so much of the game &#34;Machinarium&#34; and the other games that Amanita Studios did. Quite beautiful.As to the story, it is somewhat interesting, and, yes, &#34;Ghost in the Shell&#34; does come to mind among other films that explore this field of possibility. However, this film is a bit of a lightweight in the deep-thought department. A nice one to put in a roster of introductory films to technological-based enlightenment and the like, for example.A caveat, though, this one is pretty grown up, so maybe hold off on showing it to your young ones.
It shipped as scheduled, in the condition promised, at a good price.  I love the show.  What else do you need to know?
My son is a statics masters student going onto his PHD, this show so reminds me of him and the math that he does, it just makes you realize that math is everywhere no matter where we are, sorry to see that the series ended so soon
great family show no GD,s and no sex or drugs a little romance never hurts but today most shows go way passed that
If you're a fan of Adri&aacute;n Garc&iacute;a Bogliano, and you've seen either &#34;Penumbra&#34; or &#34;Cold Sweat,&#34; you will absolutely be blown away by this stylish possession feature that shows Bogliano's growth as a storyteller and highlights his signature style. &#34;Here Comes the Devil&#34; is his best film to date. It's unpredictable, shocking and wholly original. To know too much going in is to ruin the bounty of surprises that wait to be discovered. This one is a must-see.
Penny Marshall guest starred in this show. The small part was perfect for her. Portlandia is not for everyone, the humor is a acquired taste but I enjoy the quirkiness of the characters.
It's a twist on the normal show about creatures of the night, they make you wish you were one of their friends. Keep your eyes open, watch how the d&eacute;cor of the house changes. You may not leave the house for a few days, hard to turn the T.V. off.
The casting on this show is unbelievable. The story line is not at all predictable - each episode leaves you wanting more.
This show is completely different, a dog who doesn't exist , and yet he's very real in one mans world. There are sexual comments, and pot smoking, but still a very funny show.
L LOVE IT!!!!! FUN,FUNNY,FUNNY,FUNNY!!!!...I OWN ALL THE&#34; MADAGASCAR&#34; DVDS &&#34;KING JULIAN&#34;...THE BEST IN FUN-BUT HE THINKS IT REAL!!!!!THEY ALL MAKE IT &#34;REAL&#34;
I have never given a five star rating before.  However, I could not resist giving this show all five.  The scripts are well written, the effects are magnificent, the story line is unparallelled, the characters are realistic, and the acting superb!!!!  I never thought a comic book tv series could be so well done.  I am gratefull that I was wrong.Well Done!!!!!!!!
I reviewed Pretty Little Liars with 5 STARS as well.  It doesn't deserve any less the show is awesome.  Here's the thing we aren't allowed to give anymore STARS.  Twisted is even more awesome than PLL don't ever let this or Pretty Little Liars show go off the air like you did Kyle XY.  Removing Kyle XY was the biggest mistake ABC Family ever made.  If you let pull Twisted, Pretty Little Liars off the air I will be done with ABC Family.  There's no sense in getting into great suspenses if you aren't going to finish them.
If you like Sci-fi then you will love the second season of Falling Skies. Awesome show great acting good story.
I vaguely remember it the first time. There was a lot of hoopla and you weren't normal if you couldn't converse about each weeks episode. This time I was ill and decided to have a marathon. It all melted together. The actors,the script,music editors producers. it made me scream at the tv like an idiot and laugh like" haywire" and cry as though my brother was going to the chair!!!!! Wentworth is amazingly beautiful! eye candy. &lt;sorry> had to put that in! One of the funniest quotes I have ever heard came from Balak's mouth" omg you are slower than a bunch of stutterers at a spelling bee" just the visual made me crack up! the only unfortunate part is season two! I hope it gets better the episodes aren't as nail biting and a little predictable and I did see the second season before!! give my review later for 2..
I liked the 3 episodes. It was cleaver and funny.  The cast is also outstanding.  I will be waiting for more...
I took a chance on getting this and am glad I did.  I wasn't familiar with the Solomon Kane stories before getting this movie, but now I'm intrigued and will have to explore them.  I thoroughly enjoyed this story of good and evil, and the redemption of a man's soul, though it was a bumpy road to get there.  And that's where the fun is, the bumps on the road provide lots of action and move the story forward quite nicely.  Very entertaining viewing.
The characters are complex, the stories unpredictable: everything you want in a good mystery series!  There are layers of story lines going on in each episode with natural dialogue and excellent actors.
Best TV show in that last 10 years.  It is not for the faint of heart, but if you enjoy gripping drama, genius writing and some of the best acting on TV, this is the series for you.  Vince Gilligan did EVERYTHING right.  I hated to see it end, even though it ended very satisfactorily.
My daughter loves watching and re-watching this show! We were heartbroken when it left Netflix, but so happy that it is available on Amazon!
I even talked to my doctor and said this stuff is pretty accurate since he's old enough to remember some of it.  Also a great story.
This show is really addictive, I am now a huge fan, gets better every season, I watch this on my Kindle thru Amazon Prime, and I have watched 6 seasons within the last month!
My family and I love Curious George. It is educational for the whole family and teaches children good values. I enjoyed the sixth season very much, but then again, all seasons have been quite wonderful.
This is one great show about how inventive people can be--but the best part is being able to go show by show and findout about how something you are interested in is made.
This is one of the better cartoon shows out there.  I'm just sad this is not being renewed for season 2.  The story lines, graphics, and music are good.
Along with some others I have not watched yet it is one of the big reasons I like Amazon Prime.  Just wish we could watch shows one after another without intervention between.
This is the best series I've seen in awhile.  The at times tension and then comradeship between the two detectives is terrific to watch.  I want them to catch every monstrously evil person out there.
Completely charming and effortlessly entertaining. There is an amazing amounbt of learning that takes place amidst the simple stories and adorable animation.....Stwphen Frye is, of course, perfect.....My 3-year-old is outgrowing Elmo but still loves Pocoyo!
I watched The Closer from the first episode and wasn't sure I would like this show because I was sorry to see it end. All the same people play in Major Crimes with the exception of Brenda and Chief Pope. I think that is one of the reasons I like it so well because I really liked The Closer and this show really just continues that one.
Keep waiting for clues as to all the unknown factors in this show and &#34;Red&#34; is an intriguing character along with Lizzie's husband.
WHOA! Pardon My French!  So many 'F bombs' I lost track. However, good story and scary monsters.  Acted with conviction and that Irish twinkle that makes it so much fun.  I'll be looking for Grabbers 2 sometime soon.
Was an interesting show and both my wife and I enjoyed watching it. The actors work well off each other and the story is different enough to not be repetitive.Shame it got canned :(
I like this show and they really seem to be helping out a lot of people that feel almost terrorized in their own homes,  even if it only makes them less afraid by knowing the truth about what is there.
Still manages to be funny and clever after all this time. I enjoy the writing and the skill of the actors in making the characters all their own.
Watched all seven seasons and all of them were excellent.  A combination of the acting, writing, stunts, and pyrotechnics are what made this show great.  This program is very unique from other programs in its genre, so be sure to check it out!
I love this show, even when the story isn't the greatest or it gets slowwww.  It's almost in that category of shows you don't admit watching (at work).  Right up there with Nip/tuck, dexter, etc.  Wish they would add more episodes per season; this isn't England!
I love the show.  Mary McDonnell is soft hearted and kind in this series while at the same time maintaining the integrity of her character.  Love it love it love it.  Wish there were more episodes
If you like crabby Abby, then you will like this show. It's hard to watch young girls get trampled on, like one girl is told after her performance that it was &#34;road kill&#34;, but I guess that's show biz and show biz spares no feelings! If you're a fan of her regular show you will enjoy this. I liked it a bit more because the American Idol Style at least gives the kids 2 other judges to hear from, which sometimes helped ease the criticism.
Love the actors, could watch Josh all day long. Like how the characters are all fleshed out. I like how the friendship between the handler and Gabe is developing. Like the plots. Great show~
This show is a great show. It's very entertaining, and smart. I really hope they keep this show on the air.
I love this series and all the characters! There was some concern that if Beckett and Castle got engaged that the series would decline, but that hasn't happened. It is still great story-telling, and well-acted!
This was interesting for the series to go from High School to college.  Most of the cast remains and Veronica is on the case again.  The sizzling romance with Logan is rekindled .  The college scene is somewhat believable, but I thought needed a little bit more work.  The last scene was a heartbreaker.
really a good show, like the actors/characters..a good change from &#34;same ole-same ole&#34; that's on TV..would like more of this type even tho it's dubbed, it's still very easy to follow.........
Watching Season Three got me hooked on the series again.  I recently also purchased Season 4.  I will get 5 & 6 at a later date.
One of the best seasons of Dexter besides 4 and 7 in my opinion. With a great villain and awesome story this was a perfect start for everyone's new favorite serial killer.
I love this series, it's a traditional period piece with just the right amount of happenings and social dilemma.  The actors are all great and the story line is good, you can't wait to get to the next episode despite the rather dreary circumstances of the citizens of cranford
Colbert is very funny.  You have to realize that it is satire.  Highly recommended if you like political humor and making fun of DC.
i stumbled upon this tv series. i enjoyed the very first episode and every one there after. i can hardly wait to see season 5 on amazon prime for free as a member i highly recommend this show
If you love them or hate them this show connects you with how a Law Firm works. it quickly introduces each lawyer and their expertise, then shows what they bring to the table and how things are served up. The work that is done to help you or burn you depending on if they are your attorney's or coming after you. The real twist is how different they are away from work. The clients are just as interesting giving you reason to choose how people utilize Lawyer's. Loyalty, intelligence, competence and being human you connect with each attorney from the bottom up. Associates trying to climb the ladder, the assistance/secretary's that protect their boss's very entertaining. i started watching and can't wait for next episode. Remember LA Law all the lawyers , from real estate to divorce. Suits is now in 3rd season 3rd episode and the writers are keeping it fresh definitely addictive. If you like Series like the Wire, Law & Order, House you can watch them over & over and catch things you missed in first viewing. Check it out. I am sure if and when it's over they will have Full Complete series. I am saving my loot to but the full complete series of original Law & Order over 20 seasons. Already purchased all of Criminal Intent.  Check out my review of that series. SVU is still in production so I'll hang back for that one. Hope this was helpful for new viewers and active viewers. Lets not forget a brilliant kid that is performing like a lawyer but is not a lawyer.
Cumberbatch is better than ever in this tense drama.Everyone's acting is terrific; writing is top notch.Grabs you right away.
the show continues to show the nature of human beings even among the dead. Great show, great look at the psyche
This is a police crime show and very interesting. Several story lines going on all at once with good continuity. The acting is great, the mysteries are well thought out. Some humor but not slap stick, thank goodness.  This is still on the air and I watch it every week, bought the ones I missed.
In, "PRIME SUSPECT" Helen Mirren makes the show as Tennison. Obsessed, work-driven, feminist attitude, course, in-your-face drive, believable. Most is man-like rather than the occasional romantic portion which does exist. She's a drinker, and almost never smiles. The cases may not always end to your satisfaction--just like real life crimes and punishment. But you will be on the edge of your seat while you watch. "Prime Suspect" is compelling viewing, ruthless in the detail, definitely not for children and the squeamish, blatantly course visually and in dialogue, but oh, so realistic.Police drama was changed forever by Helen Mirren's as Jane Tennison.1-Brutal murders, & DCI Tennison gets promoted to head of the murder investigation team after the present leader dies. She takes on a botched investigation, a slippery suspect, a home-front relationship, and proves to have more than what it takes, even being a woman, to male surprise. Loads of blood, mutilated bodies, bare chests (including star Zoe Wanamaker), graphic scenes and language. It's unrated-but be warned. Introduces the woman-at-the-head cop.
There is only ONE Poirot and his name is David Suchet. Kudos to the other members of the ensemble cast which make this series perfect.
They just love these shows that used to be on Cable TV.  We use services like this instead of cable.
True story about how a child is abducted at birth and raised in another atmosphere than her natural parents would have. The woman who kidnapped the child is verging on being insane then snaps back to near normal off and on during the film.  It shows how, though she and her circumstances are pitiful, she has torn apart this other family and has no remorse.  The kidnapped child, now a young woman with a child of her own, is very torn between the two worlds, as she finds out who her real family is.
What a nice change of pace to get a show that combines panache, wit and turn-of-phrase in a drama that never loses steam. Almost every single character in this show is believable, interesting, portrays their storyline with flair and conviction - and so far I haven't found an episode that bored me. Truly a great show that I hope will continue along the same formula and not do what happened to Mad Men by pandering to the lowest form of &#34;entertainment&#34;.
....It's &#34;Buffy&#34; good.  At first I thought this was just going to be popcorn fluff, but the writers of Teen Wolf show what good writing and solid acting can do for a television show.  Plus, it doesn't hurt that the guys are easy on the eyes!
My daughter told me this show was good and I was skeptical because we have different ideas of what a good show is, but I decided to look at it anyway.... I was pleasantly surprise! I loked at an episode every chance I got. Very good acting and story lines. Just enough of everything to make it interesting and exciting at the same time. can't wait for Season 2 to be on Prime .... or I may just have to purchase.
Timothy Olyphant has created a character that continues to entertain episode after episode, the other players are equally talented. You will enjoy this....
The characters keep growing (many times despite themselves), yet the core of this series is still fun and laughs. The earlier seasons are on TV everywhere and it doesn't matter if I've seen an episode, once or many times, I can still catch a portion and enjoy some laughs. I hope they continue forever as long as they can maintain this quality.
I don't know where they come up with the story ideas, but this series is terrific.  All the actors are great, especially Raylan and Boyd.  Amazon streaming is terrific and it's great to watch the shows we want on our time.
The acting of everyone in the cast is outstanding.  Even though the writing for some of the episodes was too much to believe and brought out many questions in my mind regarding things that the FBI would never have missed, you find yourself rooting for the bad guys a little.  You need to remind yourself that this is a movie and NOT real life.  I hadn't seen any of the season 1 shows and just started watching Americans after the first 4 episodes.  I was thrilled to find the entire season 1 on Amazon Prime for free without any commercials. Since the 1 hr. show can be watched on my Kindle Fire HD in less than 40 minutes, I have seen all 13 episodes in two nights.  My only complain with the Kindle HD Fire viewing is that I cannot use Closed Caption when I hook my Kindle to my TV with an HDMI cable.  The words are shown on the Kindle but do not transfer over to the TV.  This is a major problem for me since my hearing isn't the best and I usually only watch TV with CC.  Therefore I had to watch all the episodes on the Kindle's screen rather than my 50 inch HDTV.  I did view some of them using both the TV with cable and the Kindle on my lap.  The words could be seen on my lap but not the TV; you would think that someone messed up somewhere with the Kindle software.  I've seen others complain about that on Amazon.  I am not happy at all about that.  If someone out there knows a workaround I would really appreciate hearing a fix.  As for the Americans, bring on season 2; Comcast does have it for free on demand while Amazon charges for season 2 and does not offer season 2 on Prime.
This bloody, sexually explicit show is more enjoyable than &#34;Deadwood&#34; or &#34;The Sopranos&#34;. Plenty of crime, vice, sex, greed, murder and mayhem, enough to satisfy everybody's bloodlust. And to cap it off the show is well written and fast paced. I watched it when it first came out and loved it. Now I can watch two or three episodes at a sitting and I'm enjoying it even more.
We like this show , because the main characters are so believable, and interesting~and their supporting characters are just that ~ strong, smart, sexy. (and others whom wanna be sexy!) Very well written story lines that make you watch, and have interesting twists~we used to put the Good Wife in the better category, but this show is more true to life with LESS agenda's shoved in our face and given attention to. Suits~can't wait for more!.
this is my favorite. Since we do not have cable television, I now watch it many times over and over.
Just as I've written earlier about J1 & 2, this series is well acted with actors not usually seen in movies. However, I recognize a few guests in the plot and I think that makes the story more interesting.  I look forward to Season 5 & 6. Sorry to know there'll be no more story after Season 6.
Season one was pretty good, but this is even better. The characters are wonderful and multi-faceted. Such amazing talent on my home TV. I love it!
Doctor who has been around for so long,i think they have the formula perfected this show makes you fall in love with the characters so deeply its sometimes unreal,doctor who is one of the greatest shows to ever be televised and if you dont watch it you will be missing on a great piece of tv history you will love this show i promise
Top notch shows with excellent acting and superb special effects. We enjoy watching and rewatching each one of these specials.
Pure Stephen King.  What more needs to be said.  Stephen King is known for saying that &#34;plot&#34; gets in the way of writing a good story and that is so very evident in Under the Dome.  You never know what is coming next. Who will be the next one to die suddenly and it may well be a good guy character.  The story even feels a developing as life under a dome would be.  There there is the factor of how much is still normal.  We never really know how large this dome is and we suddenly find a lake and an Island. The incongruities just don't matter.  The Dome is so very real who cares where the fresh air comes from or how it rains and how wind blows...its all in and under the dome. Better look out Barbie, you might be next.
The producers of this program really attempted to accurately portray historical events, so much so at times it was difficult to remember that the program was an reenactment.
Everyone is very good looking, and the acting is very believable. Love the clothing, sets. We have been watching it nonstop after finding the show on Amazon Video. Now we have moved to Series III.
As I have said before I watch all the paranormal shows I can but when I buy not one but two seasons it's proof it hooked me in but I loved every scary minute of it.
I've been finding interesting older series on Prime and enjoying them.  Sometimes straight through the series.  This one is a good one.  Not to mention I like the sassy theme song (even downloaded it from the web).  Characters are good and stories are both fun and fast-paced and fresh.
You can lose the cameos and Jon Daly's brilliance and still have a worthy pilot. Writing and apt character observation is the key here. Visual cues from apps are bound to be ripped-off by mainstream shows. Hire these writers for Community and then renew. The key is the writing. Thank you, writers. BTW, the actors are excellent and the cameos are also terrific. I just am saying: the writing is the key to this.
This film takes place on &#34;a remote Irish island&#34; according to Wikipedia. It features one of the best monsters I've seen in a while as well as the absolute best screen chemistry: Richard Coyle as Ciar&aacute;n O'Shea and Ruth Bradley as Lisa Nolan are as adorable together as Burns and Allen, as the couple from Dead Alive. Bradley plays the straight-laced, by-the-book cop who has to get drunk for the first time ever&#8212;so that the GRABBERS DON'T GET HER!!! GLURGH GLUG GLUG GLURGH!Definitely worth your time!
The seiries is still kicking butt after three seasons.  I have always been a huge fan of the Zombie genre and this series has consistently gone way above expectations.  LOVE IT!
Love this show. Such a funny  and exciting show. Makes you think you are right there with them....trying to catch gaters too
I started out watching this show in Season 1, because the name got me curious. I don't normally like sitcoms and I am not a fan of the whole Odd Couple routine, so I was surprised to really like this TV show. Somehow everyone on the show makes you like them even Chloe for all her narcissistic, rather evil scheming ways who really can't help but find herself being positively influenced by her sweet girl-next-door roommate June. Who actually is the only one that really gets Chloe and can stand up to her at the same time.Having James Van Der Beek on the show playing himself and poking sly fun at the whole celebrity/Hollywood crowd is an added bonus of fun and he and the two lead actresses, Krysten Ritter, Dreama Walker, should be walking away with armloads of Emmys for their being able to generate a comedy show that's fresh, funny and naughty in the best way possible.I never know what an episode will bring, everyone makes me laugh, and the snarky satirical moments they manage to slip in that sometimes say more about society's ills than any trumpeting politician ever can are brilliant. Everyone should watch this show and please, please, please never switch out the writers who do this or pressure Krysten's Chloe to be a little less bad or Dreama's June to be a little less goody-goody.They are the perfect Odd Couple girl team.UPDATE: I was so heartbroken when they canceled this show. And then the remaining unaired episodes for Season 2 were released making me realize that Yes Virginia, there really IS a Santa Claus after all. Even if my name isn't Virginia I feel like it's Christmas morning anyways. :D
It is hard not to be drawn into the lives of these sociopaths. The character development is good and the treachery is non-stop. It is very violent...I would NOT recommend for kids under 17 or so and I am not a prude.
Wow! Talk about some great acting! They portray the evil side of mankind so well but Marshall Raylan always gets his man in the end. I can't wait to,start watching season 3.
Just Like Ctenosaura said we as Tron fans need to show Disney how much we want this show back and alas Americans vote with their dollars so buy the season, write a review, U will not be disappointed.
Wonderful fun and very educational series for the entire family.Something everyone should watch and you will love it for sure.
This is a show available on Amazon 'On-Demand' that I decided to try and was pleasantly surprised to get hooked on this series right away.  The show centers around a vampire, a were-wolf and a ghost.  Both the vamp and the were work in a hospital and decide to share an apartment.  They find shortly after moving in that the place is haunted by a female ghost who was murdered by her fiance.  I highly recommend this series to anyone who enjoys a good paranormal story line.  I thoroughly enjoy this series and hope there are many more seasons to come.  Good writing and character development.  This is an American adaptation of a British series that is still running after four seasons.  I'm hoping the American version holds up as well.
What a series, Billy joe and the gang do a great job on all of their characters. This is a great line up of people. The writers are excellent. I don't get cable so I have to buy it on line too see the show at 1.99 a show, But it is worth it. The choen brothers should be proud.
Love every episode of "Louie." New Year's Eve made me sad and made me laugh. Louie CK is a great writer, director, and actor.
I quit enjoy blacklist and look forward to every episode.  Both the acting and writing are excellent with new twists and turns constantly keeping you guessing.
It's always a problem when you like a series whose "arc" has basically wrapped up in Season 1: (a) so many of the main characters from the first season are gone, (b) new characters aren't as interesting, (c) anticipation has raised your standards higher than reality could realize, and (d) it is awfully hard to do this stuff again and again - so just appreciate a good Season 1 and move on.  Thankfully, Season 2 of "Justified" is still great. It has the main characters still going strong and, while most of the side characters from Season 1 are gone, there is a new arc that keeps ya interested. I think they concentrated on humor more in this season, too, and it pays off: There is a black comedy feeling to many episodes that plays well with the characters you care about but keeps you laughing between the tense moments. Definitely NOT pretentious. Can't wait to see Season 3.
Just keeps me guessing over and over. plot change direction very quickly. Has me waiting for whats next. This is the kind of show you can watch and then come back a month or 2 later and its new because yo see what you missed.
Hard to review this documentary. It is absolutely compelling as a chronicle of american social history for the time. It is also compelling as a documentation of a type of mindset prevalent for the era- the charismatic preacher who shares insights to help his "flock," or "children," understand life. While the content is largely non judgmental, I felt as if I'd lost about forty iq points after "getting" its purported message. Also, it is absolutely amazing how other similar "gurus" of the age travelled through the same narrative arc that is described in this documentary, heck, even the symbolic head of the most popular religion in western civilization. The parallels are uncanny and so similar as to awaken insights in to the nature of messianic identity. All you start with is someone who is not sure of themselves.
I love this series and Season 3 stands up to the first 2 seasons - not an easy task! The acting is superb and the plot is interesting and keeps your attention. I look forward to it every week.
The third time is the charm with this series, but then so was the first time and the second. The ISIS crew return for another round of sly cultural references, excellent editing, and dark humor. I confess that I was not taken with the cyborg theme as it played out, but that is a minor grouse. Fine writing, marvelous casting, and top notch production values make this a gem to treasure. Highly recommended.
All I can say is, it's in the top ten of my &#34;Favorite Pictures&#34;. Out of the ten, it's number 1.
Excellent series, which I watched on TV.  I was sorry to see it end after 13 shows.  Great cast.
Originally airing on Nickelodeon, House of Anubis (2010) is an engaging mystery and adventure program set at a boarding school in England.  Extremely well written, the series has a serial format, where a typical episode runs about 11 minutes, and ends in some kind of cliffhanger or crisis.  Featuring some enjoyable characters, interesting locations, numerous mysteries, and some spooky situations, this is a fun and entertaining series with great appeal to children and young adults, that can also be appreciated by adults.The complex storyline has several long arcs which involves the disappearance of one of the students, and the investigation of certain mysteries.  Events in the past have aligned to create a crisis situation, as supernatural elements also come into play.  The characters are defined, but continue to evolve and change, as the plot twists and turns on its long journey to a resolution.  Some events you can see coming, while others are quite unexpected, making for an adventure that is well rounded and satisfying, as nearly everything takes place on the school's grounds.New arrival from America Nina Martin (Mathalia Ramos) is assigned to live in Anubis House, a coeducational facility where Victor Rodenmarr (Francis Magee) is the live in administrator, and Trudy (Mina Anwar) is the housekeeper. As part of an initiation test, Nina sneaks into the attic, where she discovers a strange object that turns out to be a clue to mysterious events that occurred in the house long ago.A related storyline concerns Patricia (Jade Ramsey), who is extremely upset that her best friend Joy (Klariza Clayton) has disappeared, and that she has been largely unsuccessful in getting answers from the school's administration.  Pat is approached by a strange man named Rufus Zeno (Roger Barclay), who eventually becomes a major player in the expanding drama, which also includes teachers and members of the administration.As Nina develops a relationship with Sara Frobisher-Smythe (Rita Davies), an old woman named who once lived in Anubis House, Nina soon becomes the key figure and driving force in the expanding and encompassing drama.  She forms a secret alliance called "Sibuna" ("Anubis" spelled backwards) with Fabian (Brad Kavanagh), Amber (Ana Mulvoy Ten) and some other residents in the house, who are dedicated to investigating the mystery.  When Joy's disappearance ties into Sibuna's activities, Pat also joins the group.Not everything is devoted to Scooby Doo sleuthing, as with teens involved, much time is devoted to normal adolescent concerns like schoolwork, dealing with teachers, and kids learning about love.  Students Mara (Tasie Lawrence) and Mick (Bobby Lockwood), who eventually become a couple, are just ordinary kids, and are among those who provide some respite from all the intrigue.Many times the cliffhanger format makes the action seem forced, but together with the various plot twists and conspiracies, it generally makes for a very lively and spirited adventure.  Ultimately, House of Anubis a rousing success, because at its conclusion, the various threads of the narrative come together nicely, incorporating a strong supernatural component.  The adventure ends on a high note, with the relationships of the key characters taking new paths that should please most viewers.The talented cast really bring the characters to life, and allow House of Anubis to achieve its full potential.  The actors are engaging, charming, and mostly convincing, in a young adult drama that has enough mystery and drama, to appeal to some adults as well.The Region 2 release is a PG rated four disc set, which contains the entire first season, which is divided into two parts, the House of Secrets (317 minutes), and the House of Codes (345 minutes).  Bonus features are a little light, with a couple of behind the scenes featurettes.  For those with region free players, buying this set from Amazon UK could be a less costly option than buying it at Amazon USA or watching the episodes on demand.  The image and sound quality of the full screen presentation is excellent, and the program is subtitled in English.
I really enjoy this series with a female lead character in a supervisory role.  She is a good administrator and the show reveals enough of her personal life to really add some depth to her character.  The stories are well developed and the supporting characters are interesting as well.  I like that the series is set in Manchester instead of London, and the British accents are totally understandable to my American ear.  I enjoy gritty and dark series with no personal business to dilute the story lines, but this show is a little lighter and I watch it when I am not ready to see the seamy side of life.
They're sort of like Brennan and Booth in Bones, as far as best friends go and great partners.  The story lines are fun and easy to follow.  I just sometimes wished the writers would move away from Jim having the same routine for arriving at the culprit.  He singles in on about 3 suspects, and then constantly rotates them in and out of questioning, it's too predictable.  But it is a fun show and like I said easy to follow.
It always leaves you wanting more!
This show is amazing....Kurt Sutter has done it again... Fast paced and entertaining and a hit of humor...love the Gemma and Jax storyline...
Movie about an Ad man who has lost touch with the meaning of Xmas. With the help of a little Xmas magic from Santa, anyone looking at him, thinks he's Santa, but he only views himself unchanged in the mirror.  He winds up in a homeless shelter and working as a dept. store santa, and it's here he starts to learn about what is happening in the real world and the hard times people go through and finds his inner Xmas spirit and helps one very sad little girl along the way.  Good family watching for the holiday season.
The suspense continues in season three!  Even though A was unmasked at the end of season two, strange things continue to happen . . . suggesting that the evil stalking continues.This season introduces some interesting new mysteries and fascinating new characters.  This show does a great job of keeping the audience guessing, introducing new questions even as old ones are answered.
The stories continue to be riveting and I have a difficult time  not going on to the next episode.  Great stuff
A show that makes it hard to breath!  Watch it more than once to catch the jokes you laughed through the first time.  Such a shame that this very funny show didn't last longer--but well worth watching what was made.
Adam is a pain in the neck, and rightfully so. Still, he is more than Mitchell wants or needs and so he tries to find a way to get him out of his hair. Mitchell is also feeling here, and feeling is leading him to wonder about a lot of things. He wonders, for instance, if Lia is right about him, if he is safe, and if he should think about love. Also, George and Nina are having a go at things, and things are becoming more and more interesting for the both of them. Combine that with our recently-arrived girl and we have a cast of grand things.This episode really sheds light on vampires and the way they are seen. It also shows what depravity exists and just how Mitchell is seen. The Nina and George fest is on, too, and humor has crept into this fray. That is a nice one considering where it went in the last season.As far as goods, this season is on pace for a nice outing. I personally have liked it more and more as I have watched it, and I have watched it a lot. The Adam story is one of many, it seems, and I am not sure if he will appear again. I also wonder about what Lia said, what will happen, and who will be impacted. Mitchell is a soft target now, and the words have said so. That makes it all nice and the video here is nicer still.
One of my all time favorite programs.  This one... there are other productions.  Just a wonderful story and  wonderfully acted.
I am giving this show five stars---I'm actually on the third season and I still love it. You do feel like you are being conned sometimes, because the plots don't work, and they hope you don't notice.  But it is sooooo good otherwise, I have to go with a full five stars.  The characters are rich and believable and adorable. The characterization details in the dialogue are amazing. The con details are interesting.  There's no gross yuk stuff---like dead bodies staring at you.  I hate that! It's really a great show!
Absolutely fabulous! The relationships between the characters keeps you wanting to know what's going to happen next. The &#34;hillbillies&#34; in this show are as conniving as any city person I've ever known.
Seasons 1 and 2 are outstanding, each episode was extremely interesting, time passed quickly.  However, I would judge season 3 as good but not as good as seasons 1 and 2.
Great story and excellent acting. Toni Collette steals the show but John Corbett is right behind her. Love to see them both get their teeth into a really good story. Very intense. Very funny.
The production is just amazing with historical accuracy and references all wrapped up in a great drama series. Ready for season 2.
Great show. If you are a fan of Spy Thrillers this series is perfect for you. Set at the pinnacle of the Cold War during the 1980's Reagan Era, with flashbacks to earlier formative events, this series highlights the struggle of deep cover operatives living behind enemy lines, as the enemy. The twist lays in fact that the main protagonists are Soviet Agents. The series is smart and well written. It has more to offer than just thrills and action also. The protagonists have a family so the dynamic that their secret lives layer on top of the day to day struggles of parenthood in very interesting ways.
The Seasons are extremely short at 4 episodes. The stories were masterfully complex must came around at the end with attention to the little details.
So sorry there are no more seasons. Especially love Nessa and Pam! Excellent acting and clever scripts... Can't ask for more. Loved it!
They always seem to have such a good time with the simplest things in life, a good lesson for sure!
Off the wall, loser girls in NYC&#8230;.hilariously bumbling through life.  Definitely raunchy, but witty&#8230;.a much more modern and US version of &#34;Absolutely Fabulous&#34;.  Women behaving badly.  Love it.
I love all of the Vampire Diaries! And would highly recommend it to anyone especially if they love romance and conflicts! :) It'll keep you in the front of your seat wanting more!
Like all the rest Sam and Dean are alway's hero's, course I think they need to put the Uncle back in to straighten the boy's out once inn a while. :)
If you like this type of edgy police drama this series wont disappoint the writers have put in plenty of twists and turns, the acting is first class.
This is really as good as it gets it has it all as far as the Vampire Genre. The seduction the mystery and the style that older vampire films had. There is only one other option out there and its called Byzantium which is a Neil Jordon film (Director of Interview with a Vampire). Great movie but staggers in alot of areas and takes itself really seriously. This film is just amazingly fun and sexy and well done. There really isn't much of a deep plot just two sisters that hate each other. One is good one is Evil and they are forced to live together temporararily by their superior. The good sister has a lover that she has turned at his own will. The sister is on a rampage through out the entire film including trying to intice her sisters lover. The movie suggest that the evil sister and there superior may have had a fling in the past. Who ever the evil sister is in the film she is extremely exotic and seductive in everthing she does. She pulls off her noncaring, no respect for the human kind and using them for her pleasure off very well. I saw her in one other film previously it was called Kaboom and she was a similiar character. This is a really good movie if you like a well done vampire film with class and seduction. The last really cool vampire film I have seen recently was Byzantium and before that was Rise of the Lycans (3rd installment of Underworld). Thats just how bad the vampire genre has gotton over the years. Sometimes modernizing a genre isn't as effective as sticking to the blueprint.If you like this then check out :ShameGirls against boysPassionBreaking the GirlsStokerThe lifeguardByzantiumAlbatrossNobody WalksLovelaceDisconnectThe EastAmerican MaryExcisionOnly God Forgives ( Takes Patience not like DRIVE)
Exquisite.  This film is a visual kaleidoscope of color, pattern, texture, atmosphere and emotion.  It is composed of choice moments threaded together almost like sensations.  What is not said by the characters is as compelling as what is said.  It evocatively brings to light England and France from 1908 to 1919.  Light and dark juxtapose themselves in this film - which will triumph?Tom Stoppard takes Ford Maddox Ford's delicious but painful love triangle and spins screenplay gold.  The triangle begins when Christopher Tietjens (Benedict Cumberbatch) is "tramped" in a train car by Sylvia Satterthwaite (Rebecca Hall).  He feels duty-bound to marry her when she announces she's pregnant - even though all characters suspect it's not his child.  Lacking the capacity for contentment, Sylvia ensures Tietjens shares generously in her misery.  The triangle locks into place when Tietjens meets Miss Valentine Wannop (Adelaide Clemens), the daughter of a classics professor and young suffragette who has an abundant capacity for joy and for understanding Tietjens.  "My dear" she calls the older Tietjens in tender moments.  Duty and misery joust with freedom and loving kinship within this triangle.Tietjen's values "duty, frugality, keeping your word" are part of his gentleman's parade of the dying Edwardian Age.  As a statistician, a polymath, who corrects the Encyclopedia Brittanica for enjoyment, Tietjens knows that statistics are smart and predict the coming war and seismic change.  But he can't predict how these forces will impact the trajectory of his own life.What will happen to his gentleman's parade which marches to duty, honor and keeping one's vows?  Will the parade allow for comfort and sympathetic companionship with Valentine?  What happens to parades after the Great War?  This achingly beautiful classic illustrates the dying of one age and birth of another, and the impact on these characters' lives.  You may fume at Tietjen's apparent passivity which he defines as honor and strength.  This isn't plot-driven so much as the story of the maturation of emotions and insights by the different characters.  It is subtle, but exquisite in its subtlety.
Jack Bauer, I love you.  My mom loves you and so do my co-workers!  I'm so happy this was available on Amazon Prime Instant Video.  We had a storm on the premier night and no one got to see the episode!  APIV saved the day!
Very entertaining, love this show, I wait for it to come out every week very sad its almost over I will have to watch reruns
Most awesome show on the planet!  Timothy Olyphant is perfect to play Raylan Givens. Art is funny as heck! Love it
My Grandson loves Shaun the Sheep. It is a very cute show that little ones like. As Grandma I think it is a fun show .
Love the twisted ins and outs of the plots ! Great series ! Always the best programs on prime ! I dropped other programming prime has all I need !
The CDs arrived timely and in good condition. NCIS just keeps getting better.  I do not fin d the interaction of Jethro and the FBI agent based on a mutual ex-wife of much interest.
I am fairly certain that when Rob Thomas was developing Veronica Mars over 10 years ago that I was not the demographic he was shooting for.  Well, call me Mr. Staypuff because I'm a genuine "marshmallow" fan of this show.  Growing up I was a big reader and quickly ran through all the Tom Swift and Hardy Boys books published.  My next door neighbors were three sisters who had the entire Nancy Drew library which I also read and enjoyed.  Maybe this is why I love this series-  and now this movie.  The characters reunited in another mystery was a lot of fun.  I think the success of the Kickstarter campaign to fund this film starts with Kristin Bell, she totally sells this character and owns it.  Pretty, smart, and sassy she's very entertaining and compelling to watch. A contemporary, darker Nancy Drew strikes just the right note and is credible.  The support cast of largely unknown actors work well together and the sprinkling of known actor guest stars are blended well into the stories.  Of special mention is Enrico Colantoni as Veronica's dad, P.I. and former sherriff Keith Mars.  I only know him from his work on "Just Shoot Me" which was a comedic role but he's perfect as Veronica's father.  My only frustration with the series was the seemingly endless poor relationship choices Veronica makes for such an intelligent young woman. That said I was never a team Piz fan and guess her serial boyfriend Logan works the best.  I think this movie gives fans some closure since at the conclusion of season 3 Rob Thomas and company did not know if they'd been renewed or not.  For some critics of the updated presentation, and one who picks on Kristin Bell for essentially not being as "hot" as she was 10 years ago and looking like she just had a baby (which she did) all I have to say is don't attend your high school reunion dude, you're going to be disappointed!  Do I here sequel?
Great show, had heard of this show and had it suggested to me by several and it was just as good as it had been stated.
The plot is great, unpredictable. No one is safe. You start to love the characters and then things happen and you end up upset. I don't think this is going to have a happy ending. But I'm just glad that it doesn't try to please the audience, instead, the audience are forced to accept the events and move on, which pretty much what the show is all about. Brilliant show.
I was delighted to discover Heat of the Sun was available on my Kindle Fire.  I had seen it when it first was released and truly loved it.  The settings are so true to colonial Africa and the costuming and attitude toward native peoples consistent with behavior at that time.  The story line is also well developed and interesting.  I highly  recommend Heat of the Sun.
It's different, a little dark, but the actors are good and so is the plot.Not for children to watch.
Excellent!! I absolutely love love love this show. Every season gets better and better. The characters are great and its brilliantly written
The show is well acted and the story feels real, to me that is important. I would and have told all my friends to give a look to this show
Jeez, watch it. He's fantastic, and I love the series as much as I love Downton Abby. You must watch Luther.
This show is so funny and creative at the same time.  The diagologue is fast-paced and you will miss some zingers if you nod off.
my husband and i have really enjoyed this series wish it hadn't have been ended and i rewatch all seasons as i can
As someone about 3 weeks older than JFK, Jr, so I don't remember any of this happening in real time.  I would like to believe that this, more than any other documentary, was more evenly balanced.  It showed the POTUS at times very vulnerable and it showed Oswald as a man struggling with his inner demons, but also one who truly loved his wife and children.  We all have a &#34;picture&#34; of what we think Oswald was, because of what history says he did, but this showed the other side of both men.
No one ever seems to fear the daunting task of reinventing Sherlock Holmes and the complexities that make him unique in the world of fictional crime fighters. When Granada filmed the Doyle stories and cast the brilliant Jeremy Brett in the lead, Holmes was defined on film to perfection. Yet, here's but another spin. And what a great one it is. Up front you have Lucy Liu as Watson. There's a bit of imaginative casting. Her presence alone caught my attention and led me to the series.Add in the NYPD, city location shots and you run the risk of becoming predictable. Not so here. It's gritty, fast paced, more than a touch of humor and Holmes? Jonny Lee Miller has given us a Holmes who is a bit more damaged from his abuse and a bit more human because we have an underlying tragic story behind the abuse. He's arrogant, conceited and slovenly to the point of repulsion yet remains charismatic and compelling. The series is slowly evolving the relationship between Holmes and Watson, good indication they are looking for a long run. Give Lucy some scripts that will do justice to her immense acting talent and you're looking at an Emmy winning performance at some point. I truly enjoy this series and I find no flaws. Stay the course and a long run is guaranteed. Many of my friends are hooked as am I so lovers of detective fiction, Holmes and first rate acting, writing and direction will follow this show for a long time. I know I will. Can you really get enough of Lucy Liu?
Man this is great, although most of story moves around the ace star but all other characters are greatly chosen and performed.
Always, alway action and intensity.  Love the relationships among the cast of characters.  This series wouldn't be the same without Mozzie!!
Mary McCormac is brilliant in this series. Too bad it ended so soon. Only 5 seasnons, and the 5th season ended after only 8 episodes.
Matt Smith is awesome as The Doctor.  The Doctor is such a great character and Matt Smith performs excellently in the role.  The plots are well written and clever and the action unfolds in a fun and enticing manner that draws the viewer in and makes them want to see what's next.
I will love poirot always.  David Suchet is the best. Please add more seasons to prime as well as miss marple also.
The human drama, the threat from within and alien are well balanced. The low tech of the humans against the wild advanced mechanicals of the alien races is intriguing. The CGI is not over the top :)
Even though the case was dragged out for 2 full seasons, it still packed a whollup in the end! You knew who might have been involved but I never thought that the aide was the actual killer!!!
Nature vs. Nurture, are we who our parents made us to be? Has our culture molded our beliefs that could easily change if we grew up learning the opposite perspective? I enjoyed this documentary because I have always been a very open minded person and that was instilled in me by my family. We are all born the same but the experiences and courses our lives take are pre-determined by the society and culture we grow up in. What do we do when we realize our dogmas need to change?
Timothy Olyphant and the entire supporting cast is superb in this addicting series.  The story is set in Kentucky where the people are interesting and the scenery is beautiful.
Love the characters and the interaction.  It have a good mixture of funny and touching moments.  It can go anywhere with all the artifacts that cause anything the mind can come up with.  Great show.
didnt care what the show was. i was so entertained by this actress from her days on "rescue me" that i pressed "buy now" without another bit of information other than the name of the show itself.and so far shes exactly as you want her- funny, REAL, neurotic but sharp as hell.  I will scream like a stuck pig if this show goes down hill, but when i am this happy with a pilot, things can only get better.if i dont follow this up in a few days with a rant, then give this show a shot. :)
Looking forward to seeing more shows like this all the time on Prime!Interesting,funny, and full of excitement with drama to boot.
Great show
Great show. Acting and writing is wonderful and witty. The technical information throughout the show is actually very accurate when they speak about it.
Bring it back!!! This is the fourth time I've watched it and every time I watch it, it's like the first time! My favorite HBO series period.!
I have watched every season!  I truly hate to see this show end!  AWESOME!  I will miss this show next season!
I love this show. Like most Elmore Leanord stories the dialogue is brilliant and has a cadence all it's own. The acting in this is top notch. I've watched this show from the first episode and so far have loved every single one.
This show is amazing. My just turned 2 year old loooves it. He has learned his shapes from this! He also loves to "measure" everything (our dogs just looove that...). He has all the toys and books they have made for it so far. Waiting on more! Hint hint! He sleeps with the dolls, plays all day with the figures and love to color in the coloring book. Keep it coming!
A normal day at Mount Justice for Knightwing, Robin and Beast Boy gets strange when a strange teen emerges from a machine that just suddenly appears. He is Bart Allen, the Grandson of Barry Allen The Flash from fourty years in the future. He claims to be a tourist but he actually has an ulterior motive behind his Trek to the past.
We all love this show, would really like to see more of it on prime.We watched some of them more than once.
Who knows what lies on the other side of life?  Not that this series will answer any questions about that, but it's interesting to watch what these other folks have experienced.  Is it all true? I don't know.  I watch TV for entertainment purposes...don't you?
excellent excellant.  david did a marvalous job. of carrying his part.  billie was a smart move.  i hope she included in futuresegments.  i will be viewing all segments a i finish one and go tothe next one.
the scenery and colloquialisms common to the Irish was a treat! The continuous story was cleverly devised and very human!
Antiviral is a new film by David Cronenberg's son Brandon, and needless to say the influence shows through brilliantly in this single attack on the insanely stupid celebrity worshipping culture which has gripped society.A company sells celebrity viruses to it's clients so they can experience and receive a little part of their favorite star into their own bodies. They can also go out and grab a celebrity steak, grown from the cells of their favorite star.Naturally things take a turn for the worse for one of the company salesmen, who comes down with a nasty virus all his own while trying to find out what happened in the death of their most famous contracted celebrity.Sure it's grim and disturbing with a few gruesome and decidedly Cronenberg-esque touches that will make the viewer twitch a little, but the core of this film is just a big kick in the nuts to anyone who is worried about Kim K's dress being a little too flashy for the Grammys.
I started with Season 3 and then went and purchased Seasons 1, 2 & 3 because I am so taken with the characters and their trulyscandalous behaviors and alliances and misalliances.  Kerry Washington is so effective and are most of the others.  I love "Cyrus" and "Huck" especially; they are built upon evil foundations but there is love and loyalty in them.  I think "Mellie" is terrific and would like to have the script so I could remember some of what she says to "Fitz" so I could say it when applicable.  "Quinn" and "Charlie" are so scary.  I highly recommend this season and the other two also.  There is no show of this quality in my opinion.
I really love this show.  It surprised me.  If a show makes me relate to or attach to its characters, then I know it is a good one.  This show did that for me.
This needs to have a few seasons made. Best pilot so far. Best new show of 2013. I had to pause it multiple times because I was laughing so hard I couldn't breathe. I think I just had a satire overload...This better get made or I'll cancel my prime membership and pay full shipping!!!!
At the close of the fourth season of the Shield, there was reason for celebration.  As season five begins, not much seems to have changed.  Corrupt cop Vic Mackey (Michael Chiklis) and his Strike team are back together again, Antwon Mitchell (Anthony Anderson) is in prison, Rawling is gone, Aceveda (Benito Martinez) seems out of reach; it seems like it's business as usual.  Then everything changes.  Enter Forest Whitaker as Jon Kavanaugh, an IAD lieutenant who is making it his sole purpose in life to bring Vic down.  His method: using Lem (Kenny Johnson) as a blackmail tactic to rat out Vic.  But as we learn as the season progresses, not only do things not go as planned, but everything comes to a shocker of a conclusion that will have you beating the walls in anticipation for the sixth season.  Also going on during the season are a variety of things: Julian (Michael Jace) breaks in a new partner (Paula Garces) because Danny (Catherine Dent) is pregnant, Wyms (CCH Pounder) looks to take another shot at being the Captain, and Shane (Walt Goggins) makes a choice that will alter the course of the show forever.  As the credits roll after the season finale, it is clear that the end is quite near, which is bittersweet in a way, because if it's one thing that Shawn Ryan's gritty cop drama has proved, it's that prime time cable TV can be nothing less than spectacular.
Liked this a lot, I hope that this gets made and becomes another series on Amazon.  I had a little difficulty trying to see it on my Roku.  I had to go into my account on line and then resume on the Roku.
It's a cute little show from what I've seen.  My kid will sing along with the intro.  They always rescue an animal in trouble.  Some of the ideas for rescuing are actually pretty clever for a kids show.
Season  3 is becoming more of a  science fiction show, than the police procedural it was during the first two seasons.  With the storyline changes in episode one, they seem to finally be going in the direction that it should be about. The writers seem to have a firm grasp on what ultimate resolution of the series will be. I hope the ratings stay up and we have a chance to see the end result.
Air Disasters is an excellent show!!! They not only show the disaster but take you &#34;inside&#34; finding the problem that caused the planes to crash. Dramatization is very good sound & quality is excellent. In my opinion, these are a bit like potato chips....can't stop at just 1 lol. If this show sounds interesting to you at all, then I'm sure you will enjoy it.
Continues to be impressively well-written and acted, appealing characters, stories which fully engage viewers in each episode. A wonderful series.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.  Anyone who has ever enjoyed the exploits of Patsy and Edina will surely be happy to know that the pair are still thriving!  Twenty years after the 1992 debut of "Absolutely Fabulous," Jennifer Saunders and Joanna Lumley return to their iconic roles for these three short form specials.  And it's a reunion well worth taking.  Boozy, bawdy, and wildly inappropriate--I think that it's fair to say that the gal pals still exist in a universe of their own devising.  That's good news for the viewers, but not always a pleasure for the others in their midst.  In addition to Lumley and Saunders, many of your favorite original characters also return (in some form or another) and you just might be surprised to learn what they've been up to!The three specials are Identity, Job and Olympics.Identity:  Kicking things off, this special has to reintroduce the cast in a rapid and effective manner and it succeeds tremendously.  Saffron (Edina's usually sensible daughter) returns home after a long absence and welcomes another unexpected guest in the process. Not to ruin the surprise, but it's not quite the homecoming you would anticipate.  Saffron's visitor has past ties to Patsy and, in a word, the situation is complicated.  To extricate herself from this difficulty, Patsy must face her biggest demons--her age and her vanity.  And Saunders, as usual, is terrific!Job:  A hilarious spoof on celebrity, hype, and public relations, Edina decides to represent and promote French Film star Jeanne Durand in a one night only can't-miss concert performance.  Needless to say, things do not go smoothly!  Lindsay Duncan is spot-on as the aging star, but the hero of this piece is a familiar and welcome face.  Bubble (the wondrous and hysterical Jane Horrocks) plays a big part in keeping this sinking ship afloat.  Some great physical comedy is utilized in the resolution as they ladies attempt to pull off a great con.Olympics:  What better way to honor "Absolutely Fabulous" than to have the ladies skewer the 2012 Olympics!  With madness overrunning the city, only Edina could be completely oblivious to the event.  When hearing, however, that one of her idols is close at hand--she hatches another harebrained plot that involves plenty of Olympic intrigue.  Silly and over-the-top, this caper is a great capper with plenty of slapstick and surprises.  Seeing Lumley and Saunders struggle through the difficulties in this episode, it's like bringing back two champions committed to absolute lunacy.Are these three specials the best that "Absolutely Fabulous" have to offer?  Maybe not, but they are inspired madness.  I'm just happy to catch up with old friends (even ones with as much baggage as these two).  It's also great to visit with Mother (June Whitfield), Saffron (Julia Sawalha), and Bubble (the previously mentioned Horrocks).  A lot of fun and a definite must-own to complete your collection (oh no, does this mean another Complete AbFab DVD collection is around the corner)?  KGHarris, 7/12.
I loved it. John Goodman anchors a strong cast.  Excellent acting by all. New & fresh premise.  Can't wait for more!
The hardest part about watching these episodes is knowing that this is the next to the last Season in the series.
IF YOUR A SERIES FAN, YOU WILL LOVE THIS..IT DOES NOT DISAPPOINT! I PERSONALLY DONT LIKE IT WHEN THEY DO THINGS LIKE TAKE THEM TO A HARDWARE STORE AND HAVE THEM MAKE THINGS FROM ITEMS THERE...THATS STUPID...BUT IT MAKES FOR ENTERTAINMENT!
I like to keep an open mind about the paranormal and cryptids but I'm definitely on the fence about whether Sasquatch/Bigfoot is real.  Therefore it's no big surprise to me when they find no real hard evidence aside from the occasional footprint.  The group is fun and their dedication is commendable.
Though Matt Smith isn't my FAVORITE Doctor, he's still brilliant in all of these Specials. The Christmas Carol one is okay, the Narnia knockoff is kind of cute, the Snowmen is GREAT! It's all Doctor Who, so the worst episode of this show is better than the best episode of pretty much anything else!
three of us in my condo village are hanging off every episode of this last gasp of the series.  the episodes seem to go by in five minutes, they are so breathtaking. all of our favorite long range characters are at their maximum stress points. hank is beside himself with the implications, which keep getting worse, being a big DEA honcho with a drug kingpin brother-in-law. everytime he thinks he may be slogging out of the morass, his wife Marie drags him further into the bog.  but that is nothing as compared to walter, who may or may not have had his cancer return (i no longer believe anything he is selling as truth). Jesse can't get past all of the evil he and walter have done.  Aaron Paul does a wonderful job of almost being in a coma like guilt induced state, waiting to be reignited by his partner. Saul Goodman, who seems to have never represented an innocent client, scorches our eyeballs with his sartorial choices. Skyler is the most enigmatic of all. One just never knows where she is going to jump. An early scene with her and Hank, where he wants her to make a tape for him without a lawyer, has tension carooming in waves off the resturant walls.Excellent as all the actors are though, let me give top credit to the creator of all of this, Vince Gilligan. He did all the best episodes of THE X FILES and then eclipsed all of that excellent work by giving birth to this series from the bottom up.  (he had used bryan cranston, walt, in one of his very best episodes of the xfiles and created walt with cranston n mind.) Gilligan is in charge of the whole ball of wax and it shows,  I can hardly wait to see what he does next. Long time fans are hoping he does a series with Saul Goodman, Atttorney at Law, as the star.Netflix is streaming all but this last season presently.  My neighbor watched four seasons in one week last summer on netflix so she'd be ready for season five.  it made her summer.
this show is by far one of the best on TV today. I love the twist & turns and you just have to expect the unexpected. This is a great show.... love it!
Unique. Nothing else like this on TV. Witty writing leaves you with memorable quotes. Really does evoke the era in Britain. I remember, I was there.
This show seems to be hitting its stride again. I stopped watching it because it got way off the mark for me. Now, I can say that I'm enjoying it once more. Yay!
A good look at one of the arts in training through daily life, humorous.  More normal than most shows especially those that go to extremes such horror and depicting murders.
This show is always entertaining and suspenseful.  The ingredients in the baskets are so random....I am always amazed what talented chefs can make of of them.
love this show along with icarly, when ever you need to just watch tv and laugh its there also you dont have to flip through channels!
I just love this show. Wish I didn't have to pay to see the rest. As his daddy would say HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY.
Love it!! The price was great and the Season 1 DVD set is a &#34;must have&#34; for any fan of the Under the Dome series.  Originally a gift, decided to keep for myself - Definitely recommend!
I loved this season of Bones even more than season one, as more of the cast are developing to fuller characters, with new subplots to keep things tied together, and more really cool forensics.Dr Brennan (Emily Deschanel) continues to struggle with her desire to feel normal emotional connection, while her intellect keeps her from exactly getting there, and while the chemical tension with her partner simmers under the surface. Thrown into the mix are new moral dilemmas due to her developing knowledge of her birth family, and shades of gray start to infiltrate her world of black and white. Can one be a moral (justified) killer? Etc. Forgiveness and love are examined in rather unique waysBones is very good TV, that I can enjoy with both my wife and my teens.So if you have already watched season one, get season two (but really, watch one first for the character development that is quite good) and have a marathon fun weekend!
Found the pilot to be all I expected it to be and more. Liked seeing the charactures well defined from the beginning and the story line fantastic but believe able! Special effects were awesome.
Only have watched the first episode but already looking forward to continuing.  &#34;Edge-of-one's-seat&#34; viewing, to be sure!
Timothy Olyphant....what more is there to say!  The plots are fun and the dialog is great with many lines that make you chuckle.I love the verbal sparring between &#34;Boyd Crowder&#34; and &#34;Marshall Raylan Givens&#34; & Timothy Olyphant!
When this show first came out, I paid only casual attention to it.  I wasn't hooked until I saw the episode in which Sheldon and Leslie Winkle (Leonard's girlfriend at the moment) engage in an argument over the relative merits of String Theory and Quantum Gravity.  I had been involved in a discussion with one of my fellow scientists regarding this very same topic only days before viewing this episode--and the points that we addressed were almost the same as those articulated by the characters.  I had never seen a TV show where the characters actually talked about the same things that we real scientists do--and actually in an intelligent manner!  That said, not all statements voiced by the characters regarding physics are sensible or realistic.Of course, this is a TV comedy--not a documentary!  Unlike Sheldon, Leonard, and the rest of the crew, Physicists and other Ph.D.-bearing scientists and engineers who reside in the real world have little interest in comic books and superheroes.  In fact, of the thousands of scientists who I have known, only one ever expressed a great interest in comic books or superheroes.  Although people with such graduate degrees have generally seen movies and TV shows featuring such staples as Star Trek, Star Wars, and Lord of the Rings, I am not sure that they view them more often than the general public.  Most scientists I know are more interested in the sports teams of their hometowns, music (both popular and classical), politics, and literature.  It is probably true, however, that scientists read more science fiction novels than the general public.Like Leonard, most scientists would indeed count themselves lucky to have a charming girlfriend like his lovely neighbor Penny played by Kaley Cuoco--and her often insightful character provides an important counterpoint to the book-smart but socially awkward scientists across the hall.  Her character is also admirable for her many clever and humorous remarks.  She is even able to eventually appreciate the somewhat obscure in-jokes of her scientist neighbors!  I should also observe that some scientists and engineers do have to ability to surround themselves with attractive women--and it is such smooth operators who become department heads at universities or government research labs!It has also come to my attention that this TV show was nearly the biggest topic of conversation for physicists attending the 2012 March Meeting of the American Physical Society!  Apparently many of the attendees had all of the episodes memorized, and spent much of their time at the APS meeting debating the significance and theme of each episode!
I had been wanting to watch this show since I saw info about it at last years ComicCon. When I saw that I could order it on Amazon streaming I did, I think I watched season 1 3 times back to back. This is my new standard for TV shows. It's so good i can't believe it's not on SyFy. Whoever did the casting for this show should win an award! Stephen Amell is a brilliant actor! He does not just read a script he acts with his whole body, his facial and eye expressions are remarkable, as are Emily Bett Richards!!
Addictively likeable characters (some that you'll love to hate) that will have you obsessed with watching way passed your bedtime.
This show rocks!I agree with the majority this is a great sci-fi show and I look forward to the next episode to see what is really going on with Dr. Woods character. Extant is really a great show and every moment there is an interesting plot going on. It's certainly worth the time to see and glad to see Halle on television.
I love Leverage, I was sad to see them end it, when we were traveling for a competition my children found this on cable and we fell in love with it, sometimes it was hard to wait for the next season to be available.  I hope they reconsider and bring it back.  I have bought them all and watch them over and over
The writers of the series keep me coming back for more.  I like the fact that it doesn't appear formulaic, other than the fact the Lewis and Hathaway always get their man (or woman).  Occasionally, the pair set a snooty Oxford nose straight.  Having visited Oxford only once, I enjoy seeing more than a tour bus could offer:)
Interested in how backwoods country-folk criminals act???  Well this ain't it but it doesn't mean it's not a good show.  Timothy Olyphant who stars in the lead and is now a co-producer is great as the lead!  I don't think the 4th season is as good as the first three but that might be because of the departure of Natalie Zea (Monahans, Texas girl!!).  Is it worth the money??  If you liked the first 3 seasons, you're in for more of the same kind of stuff but now it's not as new to you.
This is an absolutely excellent historical fiction film, granted with extreme license.  OK, I am a Roman history pedant and aficionado of historical novels, so I brought to this a critical eye, but also a hope that I would get enveloped in the narrative, in subtle character, in wonder at the endless varieties of human ambition.  At this, it was so successful that I forgot the present with complete delight, even after 2 full viewings.In terms of history, this is fiction based on speculation about what happened to the 9th Legion, which disappeared from the historical record without a trace - the only way to limn what happened to them is to piece together ambiguous clues, such as the inscriptions on grave stones scattered throughout the former empire.  The time is that of the Emperor Hadrian, the golden age of the Roman Empire - the series of good, circumspect emperors who governed judiciously and without the insane excess that is remembered with Nero or Commodus.  Rome is one of the largest stable empires the world has ever known, though it has experienced resistance in certain areas, such as the Picts in Northern Britain or the Parthians in Central Asia.  Whatever happened, the film that concocts an explanation, and it is as plausible as an other, with plenty of fictional speculation and fantasy thrown in to build a narrative.To be honest, the film either works for you or it doesn't.  All I can say is, if you liked HBO's Rome, this is the same kind of grainy, highly textured portrait, just not in the center (Rome) but on the periphery.  I believe this preference is personal and subjective, a pure matter of taste.  It is extremely bloody, with realistic battle sequences that are not for the squeamish.The plot follows a non-commissioned officer (Centurion), acted by the wonderful Michael Fassbender.  Long a fighter of Picts (he knows their language), he survives an attack on an outpost and is rescued by the 9th, who are about to make war on the Picts.  They are led by the incredible Dominic West (of The Wire), a charismatic general who has led his men to glory in Spain and is now establishing them in Britain; he is a gifted brute, but extremely popular with the men, from whom he rose by talent.  Their scout is Olga Kurilenko (yes, a Bond girl), a mute and mysterious young Pict.After the quick decimation of the 9th, Fassbender and a handful of survivors seek to rescue the general by duty, deep in Pict Scotland.  Upon failure and an unfortunate murder, they must flee for their lives while an elite corps of Pict warriors pursue them with a blood oath of vengeance.  At their head is a killer of singular talent, whose family was brutalized and executed before her eyes, then she was raped and left for dead.  As described, "she is an empty vessel that can only be filled with Roman blood."  When you see her, you believe it.  I will not reveal what happens, only to say that it is acted to utter perfection.There has been much criticism of the Romans as "good guys" in this film.  I think it is far more subtle than that:  no one is good, no one bad, they are all just striving to live the way they want, in accordance with their traditions.  The Picts are genuinely savage warriors, but the reasons for their ruthless ferocity are completely clear:  the Romans brutilized them in unspeakable ways as demonstrated more than once.  For their part, the Romans are simple soldiers, part of a military machine the likes of which the world had never known.  They are not good guys, they just are what they are:  disciplined killers who will follow their leaders to the death for duty and hopefully glory.  They are tougher beyond imagination, with their own codes of honor, though clearly one of the survivors is a sociopath.  Another much criticized plot incident is the girl and love story.  I suppose you could say it is unrealistic, but what the heck, it is a movie.  To me, it was believable and moving (in however a superficial way you might want).  Roman political machinations are also surprising, believable, and subtle.This is not the kind of thing a pedant like me should pick apart.  It is just a darn good story that completely absorbed me for 2 viewings.  I will certainly watch it again.  Warmly recommended.
I won't go into much of a review, I don't think I can top the ones posted before me, however I will say the positive reviews are right on, this is a cool movie, plenty of action in this one, & Scarlett Johansson is always easy on the eyes as is Cobie Smulders, you will not be disappointed!!
I enjoy this series, especially the interaction of the two brothers and their father. I recognize it is not especially realistic, but it is nonetheless, thought provoking and enjoyable.
Charlton Heston along with Ronald Reagan were two of Hollywood's &#34;Greats&#34; !  Charlton dominated his scenes and somehow always told you that your existence could be &#34;bigger&#34;, &#34;better&#34;, and more than life itself. This collection was revealing and remembering of his life and movies of all time.  Definitely worth watching.
I really like this series! It's original, creative, and leaves you wanting more! The story flows smoothly and the actors do a great job!
It was a shame to see this series come to an end.
This is not the care a lot I grew up with but they are still very cute and the message is always positive. This is a great show to let your kids watch.
One of the best episodes.  It was the first time Elliott showed he cared for Harrison.  I love this show!
Love the drama between the 2 actors and the direction their life is leading them while they themselves are trying to get over the past that haunts them.
I first heard about this show NPR's Fresh Air. The reviewer gave it great ratings so started to watch it and got HOOKED. Check  it out, great series. PS, when I saw the pilot before the FA review it didn't appeal to me. After watching 1 and 1/2 seasons I'm on board.
each season is better than the last. and season 2 is good. I watched it in about 2 days. I like it better that way so sit back and enjoy it
I stumbled across this show by chance and I enjoyed it from the beginning. Have never heard of it, but I'm not exactly the MTV type. Anyway, I find it completely amusing and I really love the characters and casting. Its a lot of fun and I'm flying through the episodes. Witty and silly, but raises issues we can all relate to. Love it.
But very sad ending.  I really enjoy the black comedy of this series and here in season three as a teacher...oh come on.  The series is funny and sexy and well written and this season might just be the best. All the players are in top form.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
I'm crazy about the movies and could talk about different aspects of the film world for hours upon hours. So any serious contemplation about the art of filmmaking has an inherent interest for me. But beyond that, "Side by Side" assembles some of the biggest names imaginable to discuss the digital revolution currently underway. Producer and host Keanu Reeves interviews such luminaries as Martin Scorsese, George Lucas, Steven Soderbergh, David Lynch, David Fincher, and James Cameron for this piece. And while these are some of the biggest names (those featured prominently on the DVD/Blu-ray cover), there are plenty of other familiar faces willing to weigh in as well. With lessons in film history and film technology, the documentary is also a stunning retrospective of movies that will have you yearning to revisit many of your favorites (often with a new eye). Seriously, you should get a film school credit for watching this presentation! This is no dry lecture, however, but more like a lively and informal debate.Celluloid has been the exclusive medium for movies for over a hundred years. Recently, though, advances in digital technology have changed the game. "Side by Side" charts the evolution of the technology using lots of examples and film clips to highlight the historical stages of digital filmmaking. Once the province of low budget student films or experimental works, it now accounts for a large portion of the entertainment shown in modern movie theaters. Does this trend mean the end of film as we know it? This is the big question at the heart of "Side by Side." Some proclaim the texture of film can not be rivaled, others embrace the new possibilities of digital, and many fall into the middle of the debate. One thing seems fairly certain, though, there is no escaping this brave new world.Chris Kenneally packs a lot of information into "Side by Side" and Reeves is a genial host (bonus points for charting the different stages of his facial hair throughout). What makes the movie so enjoyable is that those who contribute to the discussion obviously love what they are doing. It's almost infectious. Anyone who loves the movies should not miss this one! Rarely do you get a chance to sit down with so much talent and have them wax on about the history of film. And again, the presentation is so loaded with movie clips that my brain went into overdrive compiling a list of classics that I needed to watch again. In the end, "Side by Side" adequately addresses its central theme. But unexpectedly, it's about much broader topics as well and has a real universal appeal. Informative and entertaining, this is an essential piece about modern movie making! KGHarris, 10/13.
Again the story continues.  I am glad the decision was made to make the second season.  I hope the series will continue for several seasons.
I just love how the characters develop from season to season.  I love the cliffhangers at the end of the shows.  Always leave me wanting more.
We've enjoyed watching Justified season 5. We had never heard of the series until we started with Amazon Prime Instant Video and saw it in the lineup. We were hooked from the beginning. Raylon is the new Matt Dillon! The acting is great...not a bad performance in the bunch. Well worth watching for those who like westerns, detective shows, and great character development.
Love these shows, they are very addictive. I am amazed at the hole people dig for themselves without realizing what they are doing. I love animals and could see myself being overwhelmed if I followed my impulses. I would like to see these people get more counseling not just for the animal hoarding but underlying depression and other issues.
I love this adaptation of the classic Sherlock Holmes. Warning: it is not for those who only enjoy the traditional view of Sherlock but I really enjoy it!
I liked it. They finally answered the question of how he was going to continue past his limit of regenerations. HIs transformation was Grand! And as we loved this actors work. He showed us he loved his time as the Doctor and didn't want to leave even when he was already gone. I will miss Matt Smith as the doctor but, I know I will enjoy the new episodes just as much. Peter Capaldi is a great actor and I feel he will walk in the doctors shoes very well. I am a fan of the doctor and I am glad to see the show continue to bring the great entertainment it has all my 47 years. I hope it will continue for a long time to come.
Would love to see a prequel movie on this series.  Other than that I hope this runs at least 3 more seasons.
Is the new series 8 worth the price of $7.99 per episode (gulp!). Yep! I'm hoping we see a series 9 in the not to distant future. Highly recommend!
I would recommend this series to anyone wanting a new series to watch to fill in free time and also introduces new characters from Canada.
Hey all you mad men watchers. What is the first thing that comes too mind? Final season... I love this show with all, the ups and downs of life. The great thing , is you don't have to be in advertising too relate.
While many Darcys are merely wooden, you can see the progression of emotions on Firth's face before he speaks. And he still manages to make you like him, even while he is acting like a pompous ass.
I really like all of the programs in this series but watch &#34;And the Moonbeams Kissed the Sea&#34; and &#34;The Quality of Mercy&#34; are my favorites. In other series there are episodes here and there that I just don't watch.
The cast is inspired. I can't imagine a different Poirot, Chief Inspector Japp, Captain Hastings or Miss Lemon. Also love the costumes and sets.
This is the best show on TV right now.  Great characters and lots of action. I've always been a Timothy Olyphant fan, but I think this is definitely his best work.
Great collection of movie trivia all about Heston.  He was an interesting character in his own life!
I love this show!  The script must have been written for James Spader, as he is perfect in it.  He and Lizzie are terrific, but the rest of the cast is average.  This is a mystery thriller that focuses on capturing a different bad guy each week, which you know will happen, but there are lots of questions that remain to be answered over the course of the season.  Who are these characters, really?  Are they as good as they seem, or actually evil themselves?  What are their relationships?  What mysteries from the past will be revealed?  Tune in and find out!
If you have never heard of this film, chances are you will very soon.  Why, you may ask?  Well, aside from the fact that it&#8217;s an excellent, laugh-out-loud horror-comedy, it is also somewhat, um, unique in its subject matter.  I mean, how many movies about demons living in a guy&#8217;s bowels can there be?  BAD MILO! is a bizarre but amazing film that will have even the heartiest of gore-hounds laughing as they cringe.  Push your reservations away, and check out this film as soon as you can.You might expect a movie with this type of plot to be full of bad one-liners and poop jokes.  Surprisingly, it&#8217;s not.  The production team handles this concept very delicately and instead finds humor everywhere else.  I am very impressed with how they did this, and the end result has to be seen to believed.BAD MILO! is shot very well and features some inventive camerawork to capture the &#8220;ins and outs&#8221; of Milo&#8217;s experience.  His host, Duncan, obviously endures a bit of uncomfortableness, but that&#8217;s to be expected given Milo&#8217;s living arrangements.  The film is even shot on a RED camera, which makes the vivid picture even more extraordinary.The special effects are excellent.  The production crew uses practical effects for Milo, which makes this a more than noteworthy creature-feature.  Too many flicks today rely on CG, which lessens the believability factor of a monster.  Not so, here; thanks to realistic effects, Milo is slick and creepy&#8230;but with a hint of a sick cuteness factor as well.The acting in BAD MILO! is also very good, but the story itself is what really wins the prize for me.  Inventive and original, this is one of those films that only comes along once in a great while.  While the subject matter may make some folks cringe, it&#8217;s not nearly as grotesque as it sounds on paper.  You just simply have to see it to appreciate it.BAD MILO! is a huge win for me, and I recommend snatching this one up ASAP.  Be sure and get it on Blu-ray if you can; the enhanced picture and sound quality are worth it.  There are also a nice batch of Special Features to go along with the film, including an extended outtake reel (they show a few outtakes during the credits), a deleted scene, and a couple of behind the scenes featurettes.  Regardless of what format you choose, give this one a look for sure.  It is available now.
Well worth a look.  There's nobody like Hyacinth! My only complaint is not all episodes are available.  Patricia Routledge is the epitomy of posh.
Great humor. Always was a big fan. They don't make them like this any more. Glad to have the time with family.
It's in the eyes. This is a combo psychological, drama, and a bit of the supernatural, why supernatural? Some may ask. Ellen and her husband move to a neighborhood where all the houses are identical no variety making it dismal, other than the good sized group of wild foxes their the only human occupants there. When you start to watch this pay close attention to Ellen's eyes one is brown the other bluish then at the end watch the fox and you'll see why I said a bit of the supernatural.Ellen starts following and photographing the foxes and begins changing, after a romp in the woods previously un interested in sex Ellen comes home and gives hubby a passionate surprise what he doesn;t see is the scratches on the left side of her back, the following morning hubby comes to check on her she takes off, he frantically searches for her, a couple days go by then one night the foxes show up hubby opens the door and makes a horrifying discovery
Love the series, would recommend the 3 season to anyone. Every episode just gets better and better and wants me wanting more.
This series was a great show/series!  I find it hard to believe it got cancelled after only 1 season.  It was not shown or promoted because it is much better than shows that have made it for years.  The humor is fabulous...very similar to the M.A.S. H. television series.  The major networks all want criminal minds and csi type shows...we loose  with this all the same philosophy.  I wish they would make more seasons to THE UNUSUALS!  Maybe Netflix or Amazon will make their own series of this show!
This is another great episode.  Don't think I have seen a bad one yet. It does have a different spin/feel to it though.
Love their principles and values.  God fearing just like me.Good work ethic just like me.  This is my kind of show.
Good Show and Good quality stream.  An entertaining show.  It does not really show you exact recipes so if you are looking for more precise directions and recipes, this is not a show for you.  It is good, however, for entertainment and for those like myself who are always looking for different tips and ideas to spark creativity and renovate an old recipe.
Love love this show. One of the best? If you don't think so in the beginning, just keep watching. Can't wait till season 4.
I am totally in love with some of the family members.  I find it a fun and entertaining show to watch.
This is the cutest show. Too bad they only made about 4-5 episodes. I like all the characters and my son is really enjoying it as well.
If you like Ireland and like mysteries, this is a successful combination of the two.  The Garda Sergeant Jack Driscoll (Owen McDonnell) returns to his remote, western Ireland home town (filmed in Connemara) after working in Dublin.  The locals think that because he is one of them he might let them off the hook for some of their crimes and misdemeanors.  But he is principled, unlike his father who was a former policeman there, and he wants to obey the law.  This causes conflict in the community with the crimes he works on.  The scenery is majestic, the plots are compelling and not too grisly, and the characters feel real.  If you watch mysteries as a kind of travelscape, this is something different.  It's too bad it only had two seasons, but it's a fun addition to the genre. 4.5 stars
Somebody really wanted this show to spell shield.  I've watched several episodes so far and it's a fun show.  I like the actors and the story thus far.  This series looks to be one follow-able for family viewing.
A creative attempt to tell the story from a different perspective. If you want to sell drugs all you have to do is.....  The narration using sarcasm makes it sound so easy but the dangers and potential consequences are ever present. While somewhat balanced in its approach to the issue of drugs in America it does seem to take a stance on the side of reduced legislation. Informative to say the least.
We cannot get enough of this show!  While some of the twists and turns have not been what we were wanting or anticipating, we still love it!  And when we can't catch it on our DVR, we get it on Amazon!  When we started watchign the first season, we were concerned it would be canceled like every other drama we fell in love with!  I was thrilled to see Emily VanCamp in another great show after Brothers & Sisters.  She is so different here!  Victoria's character is also deliciously evil!
It says 'guy movie' all over....great acting and story all together. will not disappoint for action. I suggest to the hubby for movie night every couple of months
For a show running into its fifth inning, &#34;Justified&#34; continues to fulfill its promise: the characters (big and small) are fully rounded, the story keeps you pumped with interest and excitement, and the dialogue is just some of the most intelligent and fun-to-listen-to words coming out of good actors' mouths since the Golden Age of Hollywood. As an FYI: This season is perhaps a bit more violent than earlier ones - both physical, vicarious and black comedy. There is also a lot of sly, self-directed humor: this show is not above kidding itself. It is also filled with very human characters, with deeply affecting moments that make you care about them. The leads and regulars are, as always, excellent -- but the two relative new-coming main characters (both seen in minor spots in earlier seasons) turn in performances that deserve awards. WELL worth the time spent watching.
One of our favorites.  It always amazes me that what I see as junk, these guys see as treasures.  They find some fascinating pieces and we always enjoy their adventures.
Love watching without the hundreds of commercials that accompany the weekly show.Love the show and all the complex characters and plots.
i  like the atmosphere of cajun country (music, sights and swampy conditions).  the story line is fast and excitings.  crocodiles you can leave out however.  good acting.
I liked the people in the show and the plots were different and exciting. It was a good show right up to the end.
Alton Brown is engaging and funny all while teaching you how and why you prepare food the way you do. Great for learning chemistry in baking.  I highly recommend it to pros and baking beginners.
I love the way they actually do the work, a room or part of the house at a time.  It's much more helpful and interesting than &#34;overnight&#34; make over shows.  Wish I could get more than one season with Prime!
I love this series and the story line has been very interesting!  I prefer the brothers to be united and not fighting..it gets old.  Also, bring back Kol...PLEASE!  Of course Elija is my favorite Original and the show is at its best when he is at his best and in charge!  His character is amazingly sexy!!!  Keep writing great storylines!!
Miss Lemon and Chief Inspector Jepp are back and the timing is back to 50 minutes. Very Manageable to watch.
Haven is a great fictional, sci-fi television drama that airs on SyFy. The town of Haven is home to many troubled, or supernaturally affected, persons. Their &#34;powers&#34; are interesting and many.Former FBI agent Audrey Parker, turned local cop, spends a ton of time here solving local mysteries and piecing her own history together. She is paired with local enforcement officer Nathan to chase down clues; some of them leading to her heritage.This season has been my favorite thus far. It really delves into the &#34;how&#34; and &#34;why.&#34; More and more of the back story begins to come out, as well as this infamous Colorado Kid.Haven is a very mature show for the genre. It is very original. It is kinda of &#34;Twilight Zone&#34; mixed with a good law enforcement show. I love the characters because they are rational, grounded people. If you enjoy fantasy with normal minded people, you will love it.
Great characters, engaging, complex mystery, outstanding acting... I wish for a season two
This newest version of Sherlock Holmes is very fun and interesting.  The lead actors are very good, with on-screen chemistry, and work well together.  Episode plots are plausible and sometimes intricate. Added to my &#34;must see&#34; shows list.
This is one of the best series ever produced on the History Channel. The research is top notch. The script is compelling, and the production values, from the sets to the CGI, are first-rate.  Even the dramatizations are less amateurish than is usually the case. I found that the arch of the historical presentation presented me with an overview I never received during my days as a graduate student in History at Princeton. Highly recommended.
My wife and I thoroughly enjoy this series. The best of all is that you can watch it on Amazon Prime for free.
Excellent series. A must see.
This is a very good second season. Granted they are not in Prison anymore. They broke out and are on the run with other prisoners. Added new people to the mix and they fit in well. This show has a lot of good action, drama and story.Has a lot of intense scences as well as surprises. The bond between the brothers is done well. The man that steals the Show is Agent Kellerman. A very good series to own.
YES ,YES, here we go. Brand new ways too show the devotion in music. The cast is great, the show ,keeps you coming back for more. I will be waiting on season two...
I had never heard of this show until I signed up for Amazon Prime and started watching it on Prime instant video.  I fell in love with the show and the characters.  I am really very sad that they have cancelled it.  I could watch it for hours every day and never get tired of it.  It seems like every show I ever find that is an interesting quality show they have to cancel  I'm sure there are a lot more sci-fi fans out there that are upset about this.  Here's wishing they would bring it back!!
Loved watching each episode of Justified.  Am looking forward to the next season.  Will be watching and waiting for the coming episodes.
This is one of the best seasons so far for one of the best shows on television. The twists and turns are great, the characters are still evolving and the plot never fail to keep you guessing.
We love  it and It's very entertaining, it shows a lot of truths a out lazy fat cats and how they all become power hungry and lazy. As usual it's all about me.
"The Last Days On Mars"(Magnet, 2013)NOTE: mild spoilers below. you'll live.. . .Jeez, guys. I'm surprised this film is receiving the amount of harsh reviews and blowback it's gotten on Amazon... I guess it's because it mixes genres -- horror and "hard" sci-fi -- in a way that some sci-fi fans can't deal with. Oh, well. Their loss. Personally, I enjoyed this film and found it gripping and fairly believable. It's about a Mars mission gone wrong -- they discover life on the Red Planet but it's in the form of a virulent and necrotizing bacteria that acts basically in the same way as a conventional zombie virus. The repercussions are violent and swift -- these are "fast" zombie, ala "28 Days," but also relatively intelligent, with vestiges of the knowledge of their human hosts, and as such they are pretty formidable.Perhaps pop culture has hit a saturation point with zombie fiction, but as films in the genre go, this one is quite good. It's also a very good space film, with a strong ensemble cast thrust into the taut confines of a claustrophic-paranoid thriller scenario. I appreciate that all the characters behaved in ways that made sense -- they reacted to the events of the story in ways that rang true, and they each had individual personalities and temperaments that defined their responses. I'm not fond of "Alien" and "Predator"-style space-monster films where everybody in the group responds identically, instantly butching up, yelling incessantly, and shooting things until they get picked off, one by one. This flick has a bleak, inevitable story arc, but the psychology of its characters is not cookie cutter or one-note, nor is the pacing of the film. What's roughest on viewers are not the action sequences, but the tension of the slow moments in between -- there's a variety of pacing and emotional tone that creates a palpable sense of the exhaustion and dread these characters must be feeling.Finally, I'm very much into the current crop of "hard" sci-fi films about the current horizon of interplanetary space travel. Not that I have a problem with warp drive, per se, but there's something compelling about stories that show characters slogging it out in relatively short journeys that take months and years to complete, where the results of these extraordinary efforts are completely in doubt, our grasp on simple survival is constantly tenuous, and the technology is more or less what we have on hand today, in 2014. This is sci-fi that speaks to where are at, right now, at this moment in human evolution."Gravity" is, of course, the big hit in the genre: I found it entertaining but painfully limited in its scope and execution, an inherently bland, conservative view of space travel, its timidity shoehorned into a shrill, melodramatic script with a highly improbable action narrative."Europa Report"has more expansive perspective; although it's a low-budget film, it takes us further and shows us more. Ditto with "Last Days On Mars," which creates a technological vision of space travel that feels real and achievable, shiny and gritty at the same time. And sure, the zombie angle is a slight buzzkill, but (I might remind you) it's also true to the zombie genre: the apocalypse in George Romero's epochal "Night Of The Living Dead" is started by a pathogen brought back on a space flight, so this film is consistent with that premise.Long story short, I think this flick is fine. If you're into it, "Last Days" delivers a pretty solid, convincing portrait of a hostile alien environment, a long, long, long ways from home. Normally, I'd give this four-stars, but I'm goosing my rating a little to make up for what I think are overly harsh Amazon reviews. (DJ Joe Sixpack, Slipcue film reviews)
This series takes an in depth look at points of interest in American history.  You are guided through each investigation by three pleasant and interesting people.  One is an attorney, another is a professor and the last is an engineer.  Each has their own way of investigating the topics.  They go below the surface, they visit the sites of each subject and also interview people who are experts on the subject or were eye witnesses to this part of history.
But the main reason to watch Season 2 is to see how nimbly the show balances humor and jump-out-of-your-chair scares. Even better was the work of the ensemble cast, as everyone stepped up their game.
Love it! Great show. Great actors. Great special effects. Would recommend to a friend to watch. Wish you could buy them ahead of air time ...lol.
Many years ago, I watched Doctor Who on PBS when I could, but I lost track of The Doctor when I moved to Arkansas in 1992.Now that I've got Amazon Prime, I'm delighted to see that they have many seasons of Doctor Who, both original and rebooted series.I decided to watch the reboots first, and I'm enjoying them as much as I remember enjoying the older doctors.Though the doctors change, and the companions change, I like the way that it happens logically. I better understand how and why The Doctor regenerates, and I even understand how each of the Time Lords (back where there were more than one) chose their names, as our multiply-lived &#34;The Doctor&#34; chose his.I like the way that the producers and writers found creative ways to keep bringing back the various bad guys, and I like the way that some of the so-called villains are not always villainous, but merely seeing life from a different perspective.Don't forget to watch the specials. They are longer so usually have extra time to spend on a particularly special story. Some of them (but not the Matt Smith Specials unfortunately) include &#34;Making Of&#34; episodes that show how much of the filming happened, and other trivia.While it isn't necessary to watch the seasons and specials in any particular order, you can find complete listings of the episodes online. For my own convenience, I decided to watch the Matt Smith episodes slightly out of order. I watched Season Five, then all the Matt Smith Christmas episodes, then Seasons Six and Seven.The copy I found shows this order for the reboot:Reboot Season One: 9th doctorReboot Season 2-3-4: 10th doctorDavid Tennant Specials: 10th doctorReboot Season 5: 11th doctorSpecial: A Christmas CarolReboot Season 6: 11th doctorSpecial: The Doctor, the Widow and the WardrobeReboot Season 7: part one (5 episodes)Special: The SnowmenReboot Season 7: part two (8 episodes)and of course, there are also Special Specials that do not fit anywhere in the timeline aboveDW: Best of the DoctorsDW: Best of the MonstersDW: Best of the CompanionsDW: Best of the Christmas SpecialsDW: The CompanionsIf you enjoy time travel, sci fi, fantasy, or just plain fun, try Doctor Who?John
The directors and producers found the perfect cast of actors.  They are ideal together!  Hope it is on for years!!
This show explores a different side of the Cold War.  Phillip and Elizabeth Jennings seem to be a typical, all American couple but looks can be deceiving. They are actually KGB agents who have been living in the US since 1965 as americans but are actively engaging in espionage activities for the Soviet Union.  The series begins shortly after the election of Ronald Reagan, a time when Cold War tensions greatly increased due to Reagan's rhetoric.  To complicate matters, their new neighbor is an FBI agent in the counterintelligence division who is tasked with hunting down &#34;illegals&#34; (KGB agents posing as Americans).  The way this story is written, it is often difficult to know who the bad guys are.  You will find yourself rooting for Phillip and Elizabeth even though you know they are supposed to be the &#34;enemy&#34;.  Be cautioned though - this show is not for children.  It contains explicit sexual scenes and violence but for adults, I would heartily recommend this show, especially if  you are interested in  spy shows.
Continues to deliver funny episodes season after season of clean and wholesome fun:)  we love watching this show every week and can't wait for more episodes
Collin Firth and Jennifer Ehle are amazing in this version of Pride and Prejudice. This my favorite rendition of Jane Austen's book. I was so excited when they added it to Amazon Prime, now I can watch it even more!! I never get tired of it.
I love this movie. We waited a long time for this to come out. My daughter and I watched it twice. It stayed true to the series and did not disappoint.
I HOPE they bring back another season I have been waiting EAGERLY to watch more from this Tv show which is rare that I find one i enjoy that much! Please make it happen! watch and review so we can watch more!
THis show was able to maintain and do it well 20 episodes.  The writers are complaining about it though so the fourth season is only 13 again. This is a mistake as scy fy has a way of not funding good series as it is.  The waste the money on lower quality movies that show on saturday.  Instead of keeping great series on the air like battlestar gallactica or stargate. Oh well, this one though strangely volunteered to do less episodes. That being said the show got alot more interesting with this season. They had to fight various threats like the mad adam worth as well as stop big bertha. Which had some great indian bollywood type eps! The effects are decent like usual and not great as lets say higher budget shows go. But that is not a problem really as they work well enough and the stories were pretty cool , the praxis storyline was great. I would say that they should make 'tesla' a regular as he really adds to the show. He's unpredicatable but fun. THe real tesla was a supergenious and would probably enjoy this interpetation of himself. Some of his work remains classified even! The blu ray looks much like it did on hdtv, with it's dark shots holding up well. This is cgi show mostly with it's roots from the internet so don't expect top level cgi at that. IT's good enough for blu ray though and for me.
Wow...talk about hooking your audience straight out of the gate! We are now familiar with the lead characters, sufficiently intrigued by the plot (although we don't  know much about it yet), and tangled with theme (which keeps the audience coming back for more). Every character has his/her own agenda with the day that has transpired, including but not limited to the Apocalypse-touting, nude-swimming girl, shotgun-toting escaped convict, lawyer, actor, clown, really really rich lady etc.  Only Chris Carter can throw such a disparate group together using the elevator-gag and make it work!  Can't wait for the series!
I really really really hated this show to end. This was one the whole family enjoyed together. Wish there was more like this one.
"I respect consistency". Author Monte Wildhorn (Morgan Freeman) says it best, if I were to refer it toward the apt direction of Rob Reiner, in this melodic and poetic spin on this movie.Rob Reiner weaves a story throughout a story, while Freeman and Virginia Madsen (Charlotte O'Neil) dance triumphantly within it's web.  The movie is candidly real, hopelessly romantic, and overwhelmingly personal.  I laughed out loud and was just as moved to tears all through.Just a simple plot, with a burnt-out, disgruntled author (alcohol swilling and unflinchingly sarcastic) and a struggling mother (positive and beautiful although lonely) next door. In this setting  there is nothing new.  There is, although, so much depth to the main characters, the people of the town riddled throughout and in Wildhorn's life.It is in this that makes this particular movie so worth your time; The ride from point A to point B.What first may appear to be predictable may not end in the way it will seem at the outset.  This is a movie of the heart; one that has the power to tug tightly on the emotions of those who are prone to love these types of films.Monte possesses the most foul attitude because of life's mis dealt cards that he's holding. As he moves into a new town for the summer, he begins to meet people (usually on his terms) and slowly begins to see people for how they really are.  He may be in a deep grip of emotional pain in the beginning of the movie, although so are so many others in their own lives.Charlotte, living next to Monte, begins a guarded then easy friendship with him.  Her three daughters are interacting, with a first uncomfortable Monte, soon after as the author side of him begins to appeal to all of them in different ways.The dialogue in this interactive movie is stellar, quick-witted and lovely.  Reiner uses visual stills that are able to pull as much emotion as any compelling conversation.  Of this, I so enjoyed the careful framing of faces and objects as basic as Monte's typewriter.I found also that the music in the movie is as inspiring as any of the delightful characters.  Of definite noting is the Soundtrack, with a featured solo piano by Marc Shaiman.  The high standard of the music is worth the while to listen to through the end credits.This is storytelling at it's pinnacle.  You will laugh, cry, ebb and flow through this piece of cinematic Magic.
This is Matt Smith's final special. Wonderful, yet sad. If you are just beginning your Doctor Who journey, go back to either series one (Christopher Eccleston) or start with Series 5, with the beginning of Matt's doctor.
I started watching this show from the beginning and loved it!  Jonny Lee Miller is great at being a lovable a_ _ and Lucy Liu is brilliant as Watson.  I was an AA Sponsor for years and they stay true enough to that part of life that it gets the message across The entire cast is great, the stories are both intriguing and funny as they solve cases in their own unique way.  Highly recommended!
After the first couple of shows I was hooked and have remained so. Every season more twists and turn's and characters are added.That keeps me always looking forward to the next show or season.
The imaginations tend to run wild as the writers spin these tales.  This is an excellent series.  If you like comic books, you will love Warehouse 13.
Mike Rowe is kind of corny, but it gives a fascinating look at jobs you just don't think about or want to.  We learn something from them in an entertaining way.  Some of the people just don't get paid enough!  I will miss it now that it is not on Prime.  We were only part way through the series.
Fantastic! I love the plots and the cast is first class.
Really interesting to watch him transform dive restaurants into elegant dining experiences.  His cooking is great and he goes from simple to a very high scale according to the restaurants needs.
I saw this about a half century ago and I still remember it. It gave me many a chill as an eight-year-old.This film has everything a film needs to be great:1. Crazy professors.2. Radioactive clouds.3. An observatory with steel doors.4. Some fair semi-noir acting.5. Funny commentary.6. Giant alien tentacled eye balls in the mist that eat people.Ah yes, this is one to savor. Really, it is. Try it and you'll see.
I have been a fan of &#34;Chicago Fire&#34; since it first started, as I love the characters and the storylines.  When I found out that there would be  a spinoff of that show featuring the despicable Hank Voight, I was not sure if I would like it or not.  But since both shows are written and produced by Dick Wolf (of &#34;Law & Order&#34;) I decided to give it a chance.  This show has really surprised me, in a good way.  I enjoy watching these characters interact together as a team, and seeing them as real people and not just generic cops or detectives.  The Voight character is my favorite because he is complex and hard to read most of the time.  He's not all BAD and he's not all GOOD...there's a lot of gray area with him.  I like that he doesn't always do things &#34;by the book&#34;, but when it comes to protecting or rescuing innocent people, he will do whatever it takes, legal or not.  For me, that's what makes him someone I like and want to root for, even though he is far from perfect.  He is perfectly flawed, which is even better in my opinion.
Perfect cast and great writing. A mix of sitcom and SNL skits. I love this show! Every season so far.
Yay...love these guys and the people that they find. Always a good time filler!
I love the entire series and actually came over from Netflix to Amazon to watch  Seasons 4, 5, and 6. Now that I have seen each episode twice, I have to say that Season 2 is truly my favorite of all. Each episode is so well written, charming and erudite, I could watch it over again, and probably will.
My 2 1/2 yr old granddaughter loves to wind down with Diego and his friends after some energetic play.  It meets my requirements as it is about something (saving animals and other creatures), encourages use of other languages and is fun, so it isn't just amusement, but educational.
I enjoy watching this series. I got a little disheartened though when one incredibly beautiful girl said she was an aide in Washington and there was sort of a sneer from Tyra because it was for a Republican,  immediately sabotaged her by having a nude shoot as the first challenge. I understand models might be expected to pose nude, but that was so obviously a setup against her. She was of course immediately sent home.Hollywood can be so fascist against conservatives, thinking they hate gays etc. I think that should be left at the door.Another one I thought was unfairly treated was a Charlize Theron lookalike... Tyra seemed to have it out for. The other panelists always seem to usually go along with what Tyra  feels and Tyra is probably influenced alot by Covergirl, according to Janice Dickenson anyway. That would explain the otherwise inexplicable reactions.Either way, its worth a watch, it's definitely enjoyable.
Although you want to shake them once in a while so that they won't fall for the lies they are being told, you laugh at their mishaps and root for those moments when they see the light and get even.
it is a show that started out slow but soon captured my heart with the quirky characters. I do feel like Zoe Hart for being a New York Doctor transplanted in the south is a bit to whiney and needy .. seems not a plausible character in the scheme of things. However the other characters  are so humorous  that you just over look it and  wait for the next show to happen.. It makes me smile every week. Keep it coming.
I adore this show.. I'd never make the type of under cover work. great show and so happy I can see it on amazon..hulu takes too long to keep up my jones to see this show!!
I have to admit that I have enjoyed watching this series.  To be sure it dragged at times, and it was kind of the 'alien' version of Vampire Diaries.  But, it was enjoyable.  Too bad it was cancelled.
Battlestar Galactica was a perfect series, and season two just exemplifies how great the story line progression is.  As the drama increases and bonds of family and friendship are tested, with great twists and turns watching just one episode will never be an option.
Thought this show was about high school kids so didn't watch it... But the grandkids got me into it because of all the show tunes they sang and they thought Lea Michele was such a great singer..so started watching it every week.
This show has more laughs than clowns at a circus.  Great adult humor.  Now my wife and I are both hooked.
This series has far exceeded my expectations. I have really enjoyed the acting & the writing. Seems like there is no such thing as a quiet day in Charming. Was sad to find out Charlie Hunnam will not be in &#34;Fifty Shades of Grey.&#34; I haven't read the books but was glad to see Hunnam get a chance to star in a major movie.'
They way she treats people in this season is deplorable. I am only half-way through but I hope she gets what she deserves.She is DISGUSTING.
If you like Timothy Olyphant than you will love this show. Its fun, raw, lots of action, fighting, almost old western type of who is the fastest gun?  Story lines are good, they keep you going,Olyphant is a Marshal, hard nose, and the chemistry between all the people are great.  And the fact they got Timothy Olyphant is in it is a stroke of genius.  This guy is a "Big Screen Guy", so he will not be doing this for ten years.  So they should push the envelope as hard and as fast as they can now.  The show will not survive without him.  He will eventually go back to Film.  But you cant go wrong if guns, fighting, sex, action, and all of the above is your kind of thing.  I love the show. Give it a try. But start with the first two shows of season 1.  If you are not into then?  then maybe it's not for you. I was hooked in the first show.  love it!
I am pretty sure that there are many people out there that, such as myself, will think of this show as the best series of all time. The final season is a masterpiece, delivering everything we have come to expect from the writers and cast. It is very sad not to have this show anymore, but if there was ever a show that went out on a high note this is it.The final eight episodes of this series were full of emotion, riveting action, suspense and brought the story to a magnificent ending. I just wish other writers and producers out there watch this carefully over and over and learn from it (wink, wink, yes, this one is for you Dexter). The performances are top notch, especially by Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul. These two guys really embodied the characters they were playing and made them come alive in superb fashion.I am pretty sure that in a couple of years I will go back and watch this series again from beginning to end. Yes, it is that great. If you have never tried watching it, stop wasting your time and go start from the beginning, you have a treat in store for you. Those that have been following the series and just need to watch these last eight episodes, rest assured, that they will not disappoint. On the contrary, they will very likely exceed your expectations. Where is the option to give a 6 star rating?!
This was the last film I saw with my father before he died (the first was Bambi) and it is a beautiful end of life meditation on the things that are truly important.As the allied armies are retreating from Italy, a mysterious man  only known as the English Patient, who is suffering from severe burns all over his body comes into the care of a lovely and kind Canadian nurse, Hana, played by Juliette Binoche. She takes the patient off a military convoy and seeks sanctuary in an abandoned house where her present becomes entwined with the English Patient's past.The two timelines are beautifully shot by Anthony Minghella, blue and crisp for the Italian springtime scenes, warm for the desert past. Some of the loveliest transitions in all of film occur between the two time lines--similar sounds, similar sensations, a phrase which jog the patient's memory  are the means which  transport him back to his past.As Hana recovers from the brutality she has seen during the war, she finds romance with a Sikh demolitions expert. The two lovers are from very different backgrounds but find a simple joy and common language in being young, hopeful and fully alive. The English Patient, not English at all but Hungarian Count, Lazslo de Almasy, a member of a geographical expedition mapping the desert,  initially suffering from amnesia, slowly recalls his own most important love affair with a married Englishwoman prior to the outbreak of the war. The count is quite a different species from the two young people. He is by turns brilliant, sarcastic, prickly, passionate, cold and filled with regrets.Fiennes and Binoche are at their best and are joined by excellent Willem Defoe as a thief who has been relieved of his thumbs by the Germans. Naveen Andrews as Kip, the demolitions expert, Kristen Scott Thomas and Colin Firth, as the married couple between whom Almasy comes, give standout performances. Fantastic script based on the Ondaatje book, superb direction and a hauntingly beautiful score make this an exceptional film.The opening scene of the airplane flying over the desert mingling with the cave paintings of the swimmers backed by the mesmerizing Hungarian song Szerelem, szerelem [sung by Marta Sebastyn] is a cinematic classic. I've seen the film a dozen times and still love it.  Highly recommended.
I have to admit, I was a little worried about where the show would go after Red John, but in just a few episodes my doubts are erased.  Now that Jane has avenged the murder of his family, there seems to be a possibility of his actually being happy again at some point, and it really shows in the lighthearted manner with which he &#34;breaks in&#34; his new team members.  I also like that there is still a larger subplot, running through the episodes.  Jane's loyalty and affection for Lisbon has always been one of the nicest parts of the show, but it would always have felt wrong for there to be anything more to it.  With his wife's murderer dead, he doesn't have to be &#34;the arrow sprung from the bow&#34; any longer, so who knows...  :)
I can see how the plot is going to develop and co want to see more to episodes! , great job amazon on this one.
This show is amazing! It has helped my toddler learn how to deal with things from dealing with her anger to potty training to sharing and helping through their short stories and catchie tunes (which are short enough for her to remember and repeat). Daniel Tiger is one of the few I dont mind her watching (and doesnt drive me insane either).
I have always loved this series.  The makers have brought the books to life with close attention to details such as clothing, furniture, and cars.  Of course the stories are the best of English &#34;who don its&#34; and the acting is superb.
Really good tv!  It is good enough to have multiple season but like all corporate owned network tv the &#34;suits&#34; don't make decisions on good television.  Just ratings and ad sales.  Good cast, fast paced, solid writing and character development.
Awesome series. My 84 year old mom and I watch it together.
I was watching the night the original Star Trek premiered on NBC, wrote several letters to the network advising them to renew it for a second and third season and attended the first Star Trek convention at the Statler-Hilton in New York in 1971.  I've been a Star Trek fan for over 40 years.  And I love this new film.  I saw it the first day it opened, later on an Imax screen and on an airplane flight to Las Vegas.It is a great film from its incredibly exciting pre-credit opening to its conclusion.  Yes it does change the history and continuity of Star Trek.  However it has added an excitement to Star Trek that has not been seen since Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country.I'm not going to go into detail about why I enjoy it so much:others have gone over that ad nauseum.  The entire cast is terrific, although I must point out Karl Urban who nails DeForest Kelley as Dr McCoy better than I could possibly have imagined.The picture and sound quality of the blu-ray is terrific, the extra features are good and the deleted scenes help flesh out scenes left in the film.  (I have no doubt Paramount will be releasing another version of the DVD and blu-ray with additional scenes sometime in the near future.)In conclusion, whether you are a Star Trek fan or not, if you'd like an all-around terrific film and you haven't seen this one, you really should.
This is a very amusing comedy great mix of politics and court room drama with a ton of funny experiences.  The character mix in this show is phenomenal. Keagan is always getting into some crazy escapade. You wont be disappointed.
Every episode of Nashville is better than the last! It's worth watching the whole season. Season 1 was a great start....looking forward to season 2!
I admit that I found myself caught up in the TV whirlwind that is Bones.  But with good reason a show that focuses on solving crimes via skeletal remains mixed with humor, sorta romance and danger.  It all equals a wildly addictive TV show that has you coming back for more with each episode watched.It stars David Borenaz and Emily Deschanel as partners working together.  Along Dr. Brennan and her crew of coworkers who are just as important to the show as the two stars in it.  All kinds of things take place in the 2nd season with more storylines resolved and new ones opened up.  They are just as addictive and compelling as the first season and they even have an addition to the team as a whole in a new director (Tamara Taylor) for the Jeffersonian.I love the way the season progresses with the different members of the team reaching new personal goals and other things (marriage (sorta), promotion).  It's exciting to see a show this good actually stick around for more than a minute.  I can only hope that Season 3 picks up right where this season ended on a very high note and full of possibilities this time around.  That i'm sure will have even more people flocking to check out this all around well written, directed and acted show in Bones.
I think under the Dome is an interesting look at human behavior when a small group is isolated and the way order is or is not kept.
This cartoon is so much fun to watch.  My grandchild enjoys the 'plot', music, colors, shapes, and the business of the characters!  It's entertaining and a good learning tool for shapes, designs/colors, and measurements for toddlers.  Strongly recommend it, you won't regret purchasing it for your child or children.
The show is a well written. The show has a good cast. I like this show because it is a modern take on Sherlock Holmes. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good mystery.
Anthony Bourdain allways puts a lot of thought in every thing he does.  He puts social commentary, and review of chefs, food and interesting locations.
Every actor in Justified is excellent. It is amazing to find a series with superb acting even those with bit parts. I am on Season four and when I finish Season five it will be difficult to find a replacement. Timothy is outstanding and I now have a new favorite male actor.
I love crime shows, and this one comes at it from a really unexpected angle. Tim Roth is great, and the ins and outs of the relationships you see developing keep me wanting to see how things turn out.  Well played!  I wish there were more seasons of this show to stream! If you're a crime show junkie like me I'd definitely recommend giving it a look:)
This program is a bit like Dexter mixed with some Sopranos mixed in.  Each story has a murder and someone to get caught along with the evil Hannibal pulling the strings and keeping it all going.  Fun to watch!
if this show had come on in the last year or so, i feel confident it would have lasted more than one-and-a-half seasons. it was an excellent show.
Really held my attention and interest with the combination of history, intrigue and the unfolding stories of each character's life.
I like historical drama that take place in England.  I always learn something new.  I would recommend this drama if you like that time in history.
However, it is a great series. Well written, great characters, not corny, but watch with an open mind.I am watching season two, that says it all.
the store receives some pawns that are old, artistic, motorhead, canons, vintage guns and much ..much more..it's nice to see some comedic interactions with store workers also..
I really liked this show.  The actors, especially Tim Roth were amazing.  The story lines were suspenseful and character interactions and relationships were captivating.  Hated to see the series end.
I had never heard of this artist before, but while scrolling through Prime I fell in love with the odd painting and decided to give this documentary a try. I'm glad I did because of love history, especially when tied into the World Wars. The cinematography is good and makes for a more engaging documentary the way private footage and interviews are included. The sound quality was also good and I'm glad there were captions inlcuded (seeing as I'm deaf in one ear).Portrait of Wally from start to finish details the background of the artist, the struggles of Jews to keep their family 'jewels' and the battle of the Nazis to control and redistribute stolen wealth. What is probably most concerning is how much art and personal belongings have been collected throughtout the years and aren't accounted for. Not because it was destroyed but because it was stolen and remains a secret from the true heirs.Overall, if you're a art and history buff or are interested in the laws of ownership this documentary will be really enjoyable.
I really enjoyed this season, the bond between the Epps brothers is a great side story. I suggest this series to everyone!
Great twists and turns this season! The overriding question in this season is &#34;Who is what?&#34; As the war progresses, these questions of identity reflect the impact of the war and the tactics of those involved/touched by the struggle.
This show is superb; great writing, plausible plots -- unlike the American attempt at this sort of thing (The Network).  Trying to find Season 1 at a reasonable cost so I can catch up before I delve into the 2nd season.
These are just wonderful. The stories were exciting, but not too scary.  Some Dr Who stories are scary and I have too sometime watch part of it at a time.  These Matt Smith Specials are some of the best stories I seen.  Every time Doctor Who changes I'm afraid he will lose the essence of who Dr Who really is, but each time the men grow fast into the character and that's why we hate to see one leave. I hope the next Dr Who will be as good as the last 3.
I liked the show, liked the concept and liked the cast. I felt sorry for them at times. The show was poorly scripted, poorly executed and reminded me of YouTube production. Give this show some life, a budget and you have a winner.
JUST HAD TO GET THIS MOVIE. WATCHED IT IMMEDIATELY AND LOVED IT. I THINK IT WAS BETTER THAN SNAKES ON THE PLANE
This is hands down the best new show of t he fall. The two leads are funny and play off each other well
Just as fun and fast moving as all the other seasons!  I'm so addicted to this show and I'll be sad to see it go.
Hilarious as always!
I am saddened to realize that this is the last season available through Prime.  I would wish that all seasons produced were available.  What an enjoyable series.  Wished also that I had realized that at the time it was available on tv.  Mr Poirot continues his solving ways that amaze me.  I love the locations which add to the story. Thank you!
I can't wait for new episodes to come out.  Just when you think you know what is going to happen a spin takes place which throws you way off the mark.  This whole program I would class along with &#34;Law & Order&#34;; however, the difference is in the twists it hits you with.  Even though it seems like the villains is crumbling I can't wait to see how they pull this one off.  Amazing amazing acting and script writing!
Masterpiece Theaters Inspector Lewis series is in my opinion some of the best television ever created. The characters are believable, the villains are often hidden beneath layers of British culture and nearly un-catchable, their crimes are bewildering and often quite unsettling. The Inspector is a British original at once crotchety, and kind but most of all insightful into the inter-workings of criminal minds. His partner is a near opposite who brings culture, education, and youthfulness to the team. All scenes take place surrounded by the beauty of the land and buildings that occupy it. I really like this series and recommend to any fan of British television.
I guess if you you watch cable news especially Fox News and believe it to be the word of god; then your not going to like The Daily Show.  But it is a very funny satirical look at current events in the news.  In fact they quite often show out takes from cable news companies and how they present the news.  Sometimes they talk about what is not mentioned compared to what is mentioned and ask why?
I enjoy watching Caillou with my 3 year old granddaughter.  He goes on so many adventures and it teaches that if things don't always go as you like it.  Find a way to still have fun and enjoy whatever adventure you are on.
This is a great genre piece placed in the time period of the Cold War.  Great acting, suspenseful, well developed plot.  The characters really bring you into the story.  You are either going to love it or hate it though.  It deals with the era of spying, and weaves a great drama around the characters that composed this era.  It has not disappointed, and has been extremely enjoyable.  Hope you enjoy.
I love it! It's intelligent and funny! I like the characters, although I'm hoping that the next few episodes will show all 4 main characters being more involved and interested in their new tech venture. It seems like only one is taking it seriously. That would be the only annoying thing about the show, especially since the premise seems to be based on the guys trying to become successful.
This show is great. If you like Archer or ATHF, you'll love this. And here's some more words to make 20.
A Theif, Hitter, Hacker, Grifter, and Mastermind all working together in a series which shows the good side of criminals. Stealing for the good of people that have been wronged. This series is a great choice for humor and danger, you might also learn a few things about running a successful con along the way.
If you love Judi Dench or Downton Abbey or any of the pastoral early to mid 19th century stories give this a try. You'll find lots of famliar faces from similar light dramas.
Best &#34;what if&#34; series I've seen since  the &#34;Amerika&#34; mini series years ago.Very good acting.  Very convincing.Hollywood used the &#34;nuclear blasts&#34; scenario, but I honestly don't believe that scenario will be the catalyst to bring this country (actually this planet) to it's knees.  I believe it's going to be some major cosmic event that's going to change this planet and the life of every living thing on it.  No one knows exactly what's going to happen, but it more than likely will be life changing.
This is one of my favorite shows, so well written and performed, the actors work well together and it shows in every episode, this show was shown here in Australia, they only aired about a dozen episodes and then halted, leaving you in limbo, such a shame, this like the Jesse Stone series is just fantastic drama, can't wait for season three.
These episodes no longer have &#34;Robert Ecland&#34; as a character, but his replacement still performs in the same manner and is maintaining the enjoyable quality of the series.
i ordered this for my mom for her birthday,and she loved it so much that i bought her the second season also..i would recommend it to anybody who likes this show
Better than season 2.
I could not believe how well done and interesting this series was I loved it ! So accurate to the timeline ! Great case histories ! I could not believe how reasonable the whole series was ! Highly , highly recommend it !
What people don't realize is that this show provides more than entertainment. We meet people from all walks of life who have gone through an emotional transformation in their lives as well as their professional careers. The show advocates against bullying,  is about self esteem and self confidence and promotes love of self and respect for others, all the while being light hearted. It's food for the soul.
A-W-E-S-O-M-E! If you're ever having an OFF day.  This is your ticket to BLISS.  Five star and for good reason.  It helps you learn, laugh and want to dance while gleefully saying I'm #1. I'M #1. Because you really are.
He is brilliant and totally irreverent!  I love Daniel Tosh!  I liked him when I first saw him do stand up, and in this vehicle he really shines!  And as long as there is crap on the Internet he will never ever run out of material :-)
I buy auction units in Southern California in Dotson territory.  These guys are really nice and make the auctions fun.  My issue is the California show has run the price of the units sky high.  My wife and I will watch the show and say what we would pay for the auctions in question.  We always seem to be to low for California but right on for Texas.  The characters in this show are good and the merchandise that is won is pretty interesting.  I would like to go to Texas to go to one of these auctions just based on this show.  It is fun to watch and it is a good time.  Watch it, you wont be disappointed.
Joe isn't the only one in this movie who needs help, and we are guided through riveting phases that finally deliver the truth of why she is what she is. I still have in mind the final scene. It blew me away. An excellent director gives us excellent shock.
My husband and I were able to catch up with the first two seasons of Scandal with our Netflix subscription but wanted to catch up with this season to the point that our cable provider had the most recent episodes &#34;on demand&#34;. This helped us to &#34;bridge the gap&#34; in our binge watching of this series..  I would prefer not to have to pay an extra $1 for HD, but that is a minor consideration.There is a lot of buzz in the media about this season and we didn't want to miss out or accidently run into a spoiler for this series. This really helped.
Not for the squemish but my husband & I both really like The Following.  Never a dull moment - we don't miss any episodes.
I really am enjoying this series. Too bad it was cancelled.  It is quirky and fun. It doesn't take itself too seriously but still has action in it.
Well if you are interested in this subject this DVD series is for you. There is a lot of information that is spoken of in this series and a lot to think about. Even if you do not believe in the subject it is very interesting and entertaining.
loved it.
Both my kids were liking this show. They danced during the music and enjoyed it even with most of being story boards. I'm pretty sure they would love it as a series as they didn't move away once. I also thought the show was pretty good for a kid show.
This show is really good. I enjoyed watching it..characters are not boring, scenes meaningful to me, and its funny. Definitely a TV show I like to own.
I had never heard of this show until I saw it available on Prime, with high ratings. Now I am hooked!! I love, love, love this show! I can hardly wait to see what comes next. It is the whole package, action, drama, romance!!
I love this show.  It's quirky, but very well done.  I can't wait until Season II comes out.  I will buy that one also.
I've read all the Michael Connelly novels and loved them all.  Harry Bosch is a favorite character and enjoyed following him through all of his cases.The pilot was one of the best ones I've seen. Cannot wait to see the rest. Please vote to make this a regular series!One negative, while I love the Harry Bosch character, I was not enamored with Titus Welliver playing the role. That being said I would still watch the show if it goes forward.
I don't think I have busted a gut watching a comedy series until watching "The Big Bang Theory".  What a wonderful and hilarious series coming from the minds of Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady.The series is about two physicists Leonard (Johnny Galecki) and Sheldon (Jim Parsons) who live in an apartment together.  One day, they get a new neighbor with Penny, a blonde and beautiful woman from Nebraska who has come to California for a better life but after a bad breakup, finds friendship with Leonard and his friends.Joining Leonard and Sheldon are their two best friends Howard (Simon Helberg), a perverted and horny brainiac and Rajesh (Kunal Nayyar), another brainiac but has a problem with his inability to speak with beautiful girls.What makes this comedy work so well are the character dynamics and each of their quirks.  Especially the character of Sheldon who is just the most anal geek among the three but Parson's Sheldon just is incredible.  Included in this season 1 box set are a total of 17 episodes.1. Pilot - Penny moves into the building and Leonard who is smitten by her agrees to get back her TV from her muscle-bound ex.2. The Big Bran Hypothesis - Leonard is addicted to cleanliness and organization and can't stand Penny's messy room, so he sneaks into her room during the early morning to organize her room.3. The Fuzzy Boots Corollary - Leonard has a date with Penny but she doesn't know it's a date.4. The Luminous Fish Effect - Sheldon gets fired from work and decides to stay at home, concocting experiments and annoying everyone.5. The Hamburger Postulate - Leonard's not sure if he'll ever become Penny's boyfriend, so he and a fellow co-worker decide to have sex, while Sheldon doesn't know what to do when his roommate is having sex in their apartment.6. The Middle Earth Paradigm - Penny's having a Halloween party and all the guys are invited including her ex who picks on Leonard.7. The Dumpling Paradox - What happens when Howard gets lucky with Penny's friend?8. The Grasshopper Experiment - Rajesh finds a way to get over his inability to speak to a woman but what happens when his parents plan an arranged marriage and he has to meet with this woman.9. The Cooper-Hofstadter Polarization - Leonard and Sheldon are invited to present their physics findings but instead leads to a fight between the two.10. The Loobenfeld Decay - Sheldon can't tell a lie, so he puts Leonard in a odd situation.11. The Pancake Batter Anomaly - Sheldon is sick and the guys start to panic and go in hiding, leaving Sheldon with Penny.12. The Jerusalem Quality - A child prodigy comes to the campus and Sheldon is feeling threatened by him.13. The Bat Jar Conjecture - It's time for the physics bowl team and Sheldon is the MVP.14. The Nerdvana Ahhihilation - What happens when Leonard orders a (very large) time machine from a film.15. The Pork Chop Indeterminacy - Sheldon's twin arrives and the guys fall for her.16. The Peanut Reaction - It's Leonard's birthday but what happens when he and Wolowitz get an allergic reaction from eating peanuts.17. The Tangerine Factor - Leonard and Penny go on their first date.AUDIO AND VIDEO:The audio is stereo and nothing major since the show is primarily all dialogue.  As for the video, the earlier episodes has a bit of graininess to it.  I thought maybe playing the disc on a Blu-ray player maybe showing a lot of noise but I checked the disc on another player and it seems that the first few episodes just had a bit of it.  But fortunately, not all of it are like that.  If anything, you see it moreso on the pilot.SPECIAL FEATURES:The DVD box set unfortunately doesn't have too many special features.  Included is a featurette titled "Quantum Mechanics of The Big Bang Theory: A Behind-the-Scenes Look Into Geek Chic".  The 20-minutes featurette features interviews with the creators Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady and also the cast.What I found interesting about the featurette was learning how the show was created, how the actors were selected and the use of science in the show.I've always wondered what would happen on television with a lot of the sitcoms now nearly all gone from television except on syndication.  But I have to admit that Monday nights on CBS has become my favorite night thanks to "The Big Bang Theory" and "How I Met Your Mother".I have to admit that "The Big Bang Theory" is just so enjoyable to me because of my enjoyment of super heroes, comic books,  technology, video games, science, etc.  Although these guys are more on the extremeness of geekiness, I can't help but love the show.  It's absolutely one of the best sitcoms right now and for a comedy series, I don't think I have laughed so much since "Seinfeld".You can find this season 1 set for a great price and I definitely recommend this TV series!  Give it a try, you'll love it!
This episode will make you cry.  I loved it.  I love the Bravermans.  I feel like they are a part of my family!!!
It was a long wait to get SMASH on dvd but here it is and the wait was well worth it.  I fell in love with this show from the first second of the first episode with Katharine McPhee singing the intro to SOMEWHERE OVER THE RAINBOW.  I love the theater and was so excited that a tv show was actually going to honestly display what went into the production and making of a musical.  This show is different than any other on tv.  The cast is amazing.  Debra Messing, Angelica Huston and Jack Davenport are stars known for other tv roles and these roles are like nothing they have ever done.  And we get Megan Hilty and Christian Borle direct from the Broadway and theater world.  All shine.  Borle and Messing in particular have a great chemistry.The plot takes many twists and turns and will keep you totally enthralled.  What holds it all together like glue are the amazing musical numbers.  There are some current songs performed but the best are the songs written for the musical MARILYN that the show is about putting together.  And for me the true star here is Katharine McPhee.  I have always been a fan but the dimensions of her musical talent are astounding.  Her voice is strong, beautiful, powerful and emotive.  When she sings BEAUTIFUL tears will come to your eyes.  But what is most exciting is how well she meets all the demands of music within a Broadway show.  Her singing of the show tunes in combination with her superb dancing is the highlight here for me.  She's definitely got the IT factor.  Each episode has shining moments and the whole cast is exceptional but for me the whole season builds to the superb final episode and in particular the closing song.  What a high note to end the season on.  There are only 15 episodes here but they perfectly build a story of relationships, drama, dreams, fears, trials and tribulations while showing all the steps in the making of a musical.My only disappointment is that the show was only released on dvd.  I was waiting in high anticipation for a blu ray of this.  The show with all its glitz and glam and superb musical numbers definitely merited it and I also think all true die hard fans would have gone with the blu ray.  But I will settle for the dvd.  I've already rewatched the entire 15 episodes twice and I highly recommend getting this show on dvd.  And don't think you have to love the theater to like this show.  As stated the acting is superb, and the music will pull you in.  The rivalry between Hilty and McPhee is a fun factor in the season but just a glimpse into the whole story line there is.  I can't wait for season 2 in February!  Ane more McPhee!
Deadfall was a film that I thought I might enjoy but instead fell in love with.The ensemble cast is the main attraction along with the acting and chemistry between all of the main characters plus it is beautifully shot and thought out.it has it all. Love,action, blood,tested loyalties and much more.I will be buying this because I will most certainly watch it again and again.There are so many moments that resonated joy and pain for me ,it humanizes the villain played to perfection by Eric Bana by showing that he has a heart when he wants to but on the other hand is sociopathic if anyone gets in the way of what he needs at the moment.Charlie Hunnam is amazing as the ex con who also won a silver medal in Boxing at the Beijing Olympics. He and Olivia Wilde have hot chemistry together and this is part of why the film works so well.The love scenes are tastefully done but really hot.There are several relationships such as Father /Daughter.Father/Son.Brother/Sister and a Man and a Woman being explored during the film and some irony  that goes along with it at the end.I can't say enough good things about this film except in closing I would mention Sissy Spacek who is always a wonderful Academy Award winning actress.
Another great one from Amazon.This show has tremendous potential. First episode gives enough of a story to captivate and want to continue watching.Great acting, awesome story line, i look forward to seeing more of this show.
The show has a really interesting premise, lots of action, character development and human interaction.  Think of it as a action flick with enough relationships to make it for women to enjoy it, or a chick flick with really cool guns.
These woman are the reason I CHOOSE to have no female friends! All the bickering and arguing is entertaining to watch though. This city and jersey are the BEST real housewives! Thank you Bravo!
I absolutely love this series.  I watch it all the time.  Ladies in this outstanding series are refreshing and fun loving...all of them.
Probably my favorite pilot.  It's like the Facebook movie but with likable characters.  The overall plot structure may not be very original (some people trying to make it big doing something they're really good at), but I haven't seen it played out as a TV show with tech nerds as the main players.
We love this show, and are waiting for the next season to come out.  There's nothing like getting to watch favorite shows when you want to.  Thank you Amazon.
THE HISTORY OF THE JERSEY DEVIL IS TOLD REALLY WELL. THERE ARE SOME THINGS REPEATED OVER AND OVER . THAT DOES GET ON YOUR NERVES. BUT ALL IN ALL, IT IS REALLY VERY INFORMATIVE.  THE HISTORIAN LADY IS THE BEST SPEAKER. ENJOY. I DID.
This story has allot of plots and twists and turns.  You never know what is coming next.The president is put in a most difficult position.....don't want to give it away......  :-)
Fascinating, and incredibly gory.  You just have to watch it, I can't begin to describe it.  If you have trouble sleeping, this is certainly not going to help.
Delightfully told, great dialogue, and fascinating stories. I guarantee you won't &#34;see it coming&#34;!This is a series that is great because, even though the stories are woven throughout the season, you can miss an episode, or even start up in the middle of the season, and still be able to catch up pretty quickly.It's just a great ride!
This is a really interesting premise--behind the scenes at an orchestra. The cast is quirky and interesting. i want to know more about them. Acting is very good. I really enjoyed it. I hope it gets picked up. I think it's better than most of what's on basic television.
INcredible acting. This movie shocked me with the level of character development, storyline and filming quality. The scenery through the entire movie was excellent as well. Fantastic indie film
How can this appear on Fox?  More worthy of FX or HBO.  A masterpiece of acting, writing and reality.  Please give us more seasons.  And hurry, am jonesing.
This show defined the modern police drama. It had an amazing rotating cast over the years anchored by the always present Dennis Franz. Franz carried the Sipowitz character through an incredible amount of growth which spanned the 12 seasons and showed the journey of a weak and broken man put under by a world that was moving on and leaving him behind. It tackles issues of race, corruption, loss, love, drug and alcohale addicition in a way many shows on todays networks and unwilling and unable to do. The gritty realism of the characters made storylines that were interesting and intense. It is also fun to see a steady stream of popular characters from todays shows and movies paraded out as junkies and skels. I highly recomend this series to anyone who enjoys police proceedural drama.
This season featured some longer shows . These were well done with very interesting plots with a fine cast of actors.
Sons of Anarchy is a very good show. However season 2 & 3 had too much small talk. They would have a good action scene and then cut it short to go to a scene where Tara and Gemma would be talking about crap or to other people talking. They did that wayyyyy too much.But season 5 was written very well. Best ever!
A great season that showed you a lot about both main characters and was extremely fulfilling in every episode througout.
I simply cannot say enough good things about this program.  Exciting.  Riveting.  Great characters and an interesting plot with each episode.  One of my all time favorites.
i love this show....great action, great characters, and ZOMBIES!  what more do you need?  this show should last a long time....i hope
I like that you cannot predict what's going to happen next, nor how the story will end. Interesting characters, not the 'made in the mould' cops like so many shows. The characters here have admirable qualities and rough edges at the same time, just like real people do. I really like Brenda Blethyn as Vera. She is excellent.
These are a wonderful way to see what modern really means a great collection and very educational.  You will not go wrong watching and learning
Hog heaven, brother, is what I'm wallowing in. Loving con artist stories like I do, LEVERAGE: THE FIRST SEASON is like unwrapping a crazy awesome present. If you dig stuff likeThe Sting (Universal Legacy Series),Ocean's Eleven (Widescreen Edition), or evenPaper Moon, then LEVERAGE falls right in your wheelhouse. It's slick and smart and funny, and the key characters, initially cut from that predictable mold, quickly grow on you. TNT rolled out thirteen episodes of television goodness, except that by the first episode I'd already gotten hooked. Okay, "The Miracle Job" isn't any great shakes, but the rest of the episodes are very good. In fact, the standouts are "The Nigerian Job," "The Mile High Job," "The Stork Job," "The Juror #6 Job," and the two parter season closers "The First David Job" & "The Second David Job."I don't follow Timothy Hutton too much, but if a guy was ever meant to play a functioning alcoholic mastermind, it's Hutton. Nathan Ford (Hutton) is an ex-insurance investigator who parted ways with his insurance company when it refused to pay for his 8-year-old son's medical treatment. And Nathan's son died. So there's a grudge against corporate entities already set in place when Nathan is approached to lead a "specialized" team in a righteous heist. And that's how the not-quite-legal Leverage Consulting & Associates firm was born (providing "leverage" for the downtrodden).Thing is, Nathan Ford, all divorced and still grieving for his dead son and bleary eyed from the cups, is still a straight shooter, even though he's now orchestrating heists and stiffing soulless mega-corporations and underhanded governmental agencies who've effed with the helpless common Joes. And, while Nathan hasn't exactly reformed his tiny gang of thieves, hackers, muscle, and flim-flammers (all of whom had, before this, preferred to work solo), he's got them having so much fun doing bad for good causes that it's almost the same thing. I don't know if this is coming out of left field or not, but there's also this A-TEAM vibe permeating the thing, with Timothy Hutton's character just falling short of lighting a stogie and declaring that "I love it when a plan comes together."The show makes these characters interesting, and respective episodes do fill in some of the gaps in their backgrounds (although there's still a lot about their pasts that we're kept in the dark about). My favorite lawbreaker is Parker, the world's best thief and played with endless quirk, daredevil flair, and antisocial tendencies by Beth Riesgraf. Not to mention, she also provides a huge chunk of the funny. In "The Mile High Job" Parker's less than hostessy demeanor sets back stewardess/passenger relations for years. And in "The Juror #6 Job" I'll only mention that Parker attends jury duty (oh, and that she quiickly sniffs out a rat). Gina Bellman as grifter Sophie Devereaux also rocks it. I like that, when she's not hoodwinking her marks, Sophie sidelines as an actress, except that she's cringingly horrible at acting. But then put her in a scam, and she's flawless with her lines. She's simply hilarious in "The Stork Job," in which the Leverage crew takes over a Belgrade movie set (the movie is "Howl Force," about NATO troops being attacked by werewolves). Bellman and Riesgraf aren't your classic lookers, but there's no denying that Gina Bellman oozes sexy sophistication (and touts a range of convincing accents), and Beth Riesgraf smacks so much of crazy that I find her all kinds of attractive. (Huh. I may be a little disturbed myself.)The stings usually involve lots of hi-tech stuff, and so it's gratifying to have an episode in which Parker is unexpectedly asked to steal an item and she, on the fly, bypasses an impressive security system using nothing but what's available at hand (bit of make-up, aluminum foil, etc.).In thirteen episodes set to a jazzy cool musical score, the five-person team inflicts disguises, diversions, smooth con talk, double crosses, variations on classic scams and all around nasty trickeration on crooks big and small but all deserving. Part of the fun is when things don't go according to plan, and they end up having to improvise. The show indulges some in Fool-the-Audience and so part of the fun is also when the episode gets around to revealing what was really going on behind the scenes. And, to add even more flavoring, the show even introduces an element of romance here and there.If there's a running sub-plot in this season, it's Nathan's worsening alcoholism. This finally forces the crew to do an "intervention," except that their notion of intervention isn't what you or I may come up with. This leads into the two-parter season finale, as the Leverage consulting firm tries to take down the insurance company which so messed up Nathan's life. And we also finally get to check out Nathan's hottie ex-wife. Also featured in the two-parter is recurring slimeball James Sterling, the chief investigator who'd taken over Nathan's position in that very same insurance company. In past episodes Sterling had gotten the better of Nathan. Methinks it's time for a getback.Four discs in this set, with not too shabby special features: pretty informative producer/director/writer audio commentary on each episode (although one wishes that the cast had also been allowed to provide commentary); deleted scenes on selected episodes; "Leverage: Behind the Scenes" (12:40 minutes); "Anatomy of a Stunt Fight" - Christian Kane ("Eliot") breaks down a fight sequence from the episode "The First David Job"; "The Cameras of LEVERAGE" - um, basically a 2-minute showcase for the different types of cameras used in filming the show (kinda pointless, unless you're a tech freak); "LEVERAGE Gets Renewed" - a cool brief segment in which Dean Devlin gathers his cast & crew (necessitating some video conferencing) for the 2nd season renewal announcement; and Beth Riesgraf's very weird Crazy Actress Spoof.The closing moments of the season finale attempts to throw some doubt as to whether these guys will stay together or go their separate ways. But no one was fooled. I mean, what beats getting payback for the little guy and being rewarded with an alternative revenue stream? The Leverage Consulting & Associates firm may be peopled with shifty characters, but they're shifty characters with pure hearts. More or less. Man, what a fun show!
I guess any PBS-NOVA program will be 5 stars to someone.  I don't even remember the name of the program Amazon is referring to.
I have enjoyed watching this series on Prime.  It is so good to be able to watch these shows on my Kindle or laptop.
This season was one adventure after another.  You are starting to see Kiera evolve and take notice of some actions of the corporate structure in the future.  The last episode was great!
So far this show has it all - mystery, suspense, great character development, and an all inclusive cast - that includes artificial intelligent robots :-).  I am looking forward to seeing more!
Our toddler loves YGG. The music is fun for her and she loves to dance. Her favorite segment is Super Music Friends Show, and the Dancey Dance segment. Neither of us are big fans of Super Martian Robot Girl. I really don't get those... they seem odd and shallow and non-educational. This is my toddler's favorite show and she knows some of the songs by heart, and I do too since she likes to ask me to sing &#34;Gabba songs&#34; to her at bedtime.Her favorite episodes from Season 2 are Teeth, Clean, and Space. She loves Amy Sedaris' song as the Tooth Fairy, and I thought it was funny and cute as well. We also absolutely adore the little disco chipmunk music video about brushing teeth. We sing that song to her now as a way of getting her to brush her own teeth, and it works!I think this is a great show for kids and parents. The celebrity guests help keep it from getting boring and annoying for the adults watching, and keeps things fresh and modern for the children watching.
I'm southern, so it's always nice to see a show that can be funny but still have family values and a strong belief in God!
takes you on a ride with the Civil War she starts. The ending is not so great but leaving you for more definitely....
This class of writing is so rare.  The breadth of the story arc, the verisimilitude, the depth of character, and the humor make this an extraordinary series.  We're lucky it was made at all.  Don't regret that there are no more seasons.  It is absolutely perfect as it stands.
I LOVE THIS SERIES AND WISH THEY WOULD BRING IT BACK - JUST WENT YOU GET INTO IT THERE ARE NO MORE EPISODES
We can only hope Amazon picks up this series as it appears to have A LOT of potential to be GREAT!!!!! The pilot hooks you within the first fifteen minutes. The actors are excellent and a few faces you'll recognize from Heroes and NY PD Blue (to name two). Amazon is showing a lot of promise in their series development, but now its time to see if they follow through and actually make a series out of any of them.
I really liked this series, It isn't at all what i expected it to be. Its fun and entertaining to watch
Season 4 while presenting the most exhilarating action scenes is  also the most introspective and celerbral of all the seasons. Gore fans will get what they want as well but the zombies are almost secondary to how accurately human survival conditions are displayed.As I have heard others say, and I agree with, is that The Walking Dead is a metaphor for our real world and season 4 captures this at its apex. There is no sense in my review outlining the events that take place unless you like knowing about quality entertainment before it occurs. Your in for an amazing thrill ride. Superior acting all around as well.. Even a non horror fan with an open mind could appreciate this apocalyptic masterpiece of a TV show.
My son loves this season and I bought this season for him so he can enjoy it again.  I rated it 5 stars
More of the WW II situation for those at home in Britian.  Interesting how they view the &#34;Yanks.&#34;Worth your time.
This has a fantastic story and actors who were made for the roles they played ... Although it is quite long, I've watched it several times - and will continue to!
Love this show & was afraid this season would disappoint but it didn't! It was wonderful! Can't wait till the 6th season & very sad it will be the last.
How they keep coming up with the shenanigans they get into baffles me. Love the unity of the crew no matter what new things happen. Can't wait to see Ted meet his wife :)
We watched it together and really loved it. We really like being able to watch two or three episodes in a row. Is there another season? Please say YES!
Entertaining without being hard to follow. Good show and will watch next season. A good mix of characters and story line.
I love the gritty feeling of the work everyday Detectives.  I love the interaction between the characters. Always great writing...Man, I so enjoy the Storyline....! Great, Great, Great..!
I truly enjoy the fast paced adventures of Annie Walker.  I love her feisty character as well as the superb cast of characters (and their actors) who surround her.  Since I watch it through Prime, the show has completed it's season on USA, so when the arc with Sara Clarke came to its resolve it was so neat to go on to the next episode.  All of the regular cast and the guest actors are such wonderfully talented and delightfully entertaining performers, especially Piper Perabo and Matt Gorham.  Their relationship has been heating up, and the gap between now and the availability of Season Four on Prime will be a long and painful wait.  But it will be worth it.
If you purchase this DVD, make sure you watch the extras on disc 4. Forest Whitaker discusses how the Kavanaugh character was conceived as someone who "becomes" Mackey as he pursues him, and you will certainly see a transformation over the course of Season 5's eleven episodes. It would be very easy to over-hype Whitaker's contribution if it weren't so spot-on perfect. On DVD 4, series creator Shawn Ryan states that he wanted Whitaker for this character and there "was no second choice." If you remember the famous 1998 episode of NYPD Blue called "Raging Bulls," in which Dennis Franz's Sipowicz and James McDaniel's Lt. Fancy come to explosive blows after a long, slow simmer, imagine what happens immediately after Kavanaugh asks Mackey in a rage-filled voice "Are you happy NOW...Detective Mackey?" There was a strong undercurrent of racial tensions between the NYPD Blue characters, which led (in a large part) to them both reaching the breaking point, but Mackey and Kavanaugh are not at odds with each other because of their ethnicity. Over the course of the entire season, the subject is never approached and it is not a relevant detail in the conflict. They're two men who began with the right motives and slowly let their circumstances determine their mission. There are mixed opinions surrounding the Glenn Close "Capt. Rawling" story arc experiment from Season 4. In a few short days, Whitaker is back for a second season as Kavanaugh, and the events of Season 5 were grounded more in risk taking than stunt scripting. The Shield is a brutal, intensely creative show with one of the best casts and creative teams on TV. By creating synergy with the events laid out in the pilot episode (and multiple references in the "extras" portion of the set to "Shakespearean" drama), it's clear that this series aims very, very high and more often than not hits the target.
Enjoyed the series. I have watched the series more than once.  Enjoy both Henry Winkler and Stockard Channing.  Amusing comedy.
It is so had to find anything that is family friendly and has a normal Christian view point that is not just a Hollywood preconceived stereotype.  The show is fun and the people are having fun making others laugh, love God, and live life.
Great set of characters.  Never laughed so much!  Would recommend to all women and a few men with a sense of humor.
Characters and story line are great.  I can't wait for the episode to start.I am sure I will watch the whole season again.  I like it as much as thefirst two seasons.
Five years in but the characters keep getting more interesting.  I am pleased the relationship between the two has not derailed the storyline.
Allan, Walden and Jenny are back for more action - in the various meanings of the term. Unbelievable lies, weird situations and strange women, the crew is still navigating the ocean of lust.
Good show.  Not too violent and lots of humanity and common sense themes.  Lead actor is excellent and the autistic kid is awesome.
I started watching White Collar late in the game and went backwards to catch up on all the episodes from the first 2 seasons. I really love Matt Bomer in this role. I love the relationship between Peter and Neal and the newest suspicious addition to the White Collar family this season.
As with any series by season four the show is looking for new direction.  Its no longer just the con of the week.  The characters really develop and plot lines begin to span the entire season. As expected the tech stuff is good no sound or video problems.  I was a little disappointed in the extras.  The shows all have commentary and maybe a deleted scene or two.
Now many of you may be thinking the same thing and I don'tblame you at all. The mere mention of the fact has long helda power seldom used for anything. Again thanks.
I LOVE this show! Definately one of ABC's best! I'm loving the second season and hope many more are to come!
The one show I watch with my wife, and I have to wait for her or I will be in trouble
I really enjoy this show and the music.  I hope it lasts longer than friday night lights.  Dieken andRayna are my favorite couple, who aren't a couple.
&#34;Solved&#34; is one of their better channels on ID channel. However, I like them all. Anyone who wants to know the true dark side of  sociopaths in society (U.S.).
I loved this movie it was fun and really enjoyable snd entertaining to watch would recommend it to anyone to watch
Hop into this season!  The couples are great and the houses fun to explore!  Each city visited is a great way to see the way different houses were made all over the country!
Love the Nature series. Its educational, enlightening and entertaining. There are even some episodes I'm not sure i want to watch ...but they suck me in and i end up enjoying.
Awesome trailer, awesome show.It's the last season so don't miss an episode or you'll regret it.It's sad that it's the last season but it should be a great one.
Oh I really like this. Spent most of last night watching it. There are some characters I love to hate on here. I'm an anglophile and I've almost exhausted all my avenues. I would recommend this for people who love period pieces.
I chose this rating because there wasn't a ten star option. Is there any way to get another season?  When does the movie come out?
Action packed and true to life....I love this series.  The characters are true to life and so are the scenarios...great show!
Satisfying and uplifting without being too cloying. If you have followed Fringe from the start then you must see the conclusion - learn the backstory to the Observers! Settle back and enjoy the ride, and bid farewell to a fine show, well written and superbly acted throughout.
This is the best of the best comedy Stand-up. The fact that I was able to just watch continuously one comedian after another was great. I had the best laughter I have had in a long time.
I have been watching this show from the start, and I love it!  Every episode is heart wrenching and full of feeling.
I like this series very much,  hard to wait for it to begin again.  I watched it twice so far.  picked up things that were passed up befor.  please continue series.
Little Bear is sweet and a great way for kids to wind down.  Good music and imagination.  I would highly recommend.
Wish there was MORE! Love the show! are there any more seasons available? I'd love to see them too!  This was great.
I would like to say that Anders, Blake, and Adam are extremely talented comedians. Also, I like the way they just do what they do.
Love this show. It's a quiet, nuanced story set to great music played by an excellent cast. So happy I fell upon this show. I cared about the characters and the storyline immediately, which doesn't always happen for me. I binged on Season 1 on Netflix in 2 days and came to Amazon for Season 2. If you watch it on SundanceTV online, you'll have to deal with a lot of annoying commercials.
We're streaming (Prime advantage!) and because of this series, we're not getting enough sleep!  &#34;Just one more episode to see what happens.&#34;  A good deal of violence, but 'Justified.'  Every character is not only very well written, but well cast.Not tired yet!  (We're in Season 3)
This was a great season. I binge watched multiple episodes at a time. I have really enjoyed this series and the series' final season did not disappoint.
This is an enjoyable Psych episode that pretty much follows the show's normal format of flashbacks and improbable coincidental occurrences, and it works well. We like Psych and tend to watch the older episodes on Netflix over theRoku 2 XS 1080p Streaming Player, but this episode wouldn't stream so we bought it on Amazon since it was the next in the series.No spoilers from me: This is a Christmas themed episode that has Gus and Shawn going to Christmas dinner at Gus' parents house where Shawn tries to impress Mr. and Mrs. Guster, but things don't go too well when a neighbor is found murdered.Sometimes the acting is a little over the top and often boarders on downright silly, but it is a very clever and fun show.Highly Recommended!CFH
Law and Order SVU just keeps getting better and better! It's never a disappointment and this season really intensified and satisfied those naysayers who claim the show's not great without Benson's old partner! Though my wife and I liked Stabler, we are continuing to enjoy the show with the new cast!
All of the lovable characters are back.  D.I. Chandler, the toff boy, who earns his stripes and the respect of his department in Season 1.  Old dog D.I. Miles who acts as a mentor and becomes his loyal supporter is now behind him 100%.  Then there's the amateur crime aficionado, Edward Pemberton, who adds fun and sparkle to every scene he is in.  There's a copycat killer on the loose again, perhaps two.  The MO harks  back to old crimes, so they have to call on the knowledge of the amateur crime historian, Mr. Pemberton, who adds levity to keep the show from being too grisly.While there's more gore than I usually will watch, and I'm not sure this season is as cohesive as Season 1, I watch it primarily for the characters, script, and setting.  I got a little confused on who were the bad guys, but that was part of the mystery.  If you like to escape to England for a police procedural, you may want to sample this series.
Love this series. Great story, love the acting and Italy is gorgeous.  I don't understand why it was cancelled. Would love more episodes!  Great chemistry!
Once you have watched the first seasons, this second season is an instant must.  The relationships & dynamics continues along with the character's complicated relationships that is so fun to watch.
I continue to love this show. Raylan and the rest of the characters make for a good southern atmosphere. Being from Tennessee ,I really get it.
Pelican Brief has been one of my favorite movies since I first saw it.  I've seen it many times, and still get cravings every once and awhile to see it again.
Chicago Code was answer to the stagnant Reality TV trash that has been shoved down everyones throat these past few years. Chicago Code had outstanding writing, each episode was entertaining, exciting and a show that you looked forward to each week. The cast was outstanding, honestly; I was not sure how Jennifer was going to be playing the Super
ok this episode starts out kinda slow...but then OMG!!! the secrets the Larson family  keep slowly start to come out! i love this show and each episode is better than the last!
wish they get more like it on prime. wife and i really enjoy this type of reality show. season 1 was good too
This show has very talented writers, artists and vocal actors.  It is so funny...our whole family watches it!  It really doesn't matter whether you're an adult or child, you will find it's humorous.  Because the writing is quick witted and sharp, younger children may find it confusing and some parents may think it's inappropriate at times.  The main character sounds like Ben Stiller and the very funny Wanda Sykes plays a disgruntled cow wonderfully!  Despite it's comedic nature, it still has some important lessons for us all...like lying will only bring trouble, etc. It is based on the movie and quite frankly, it rocks! 5 stars
An exciting premise of having someone get into a young girl's memories to try and figure out exactly what happened in her past. A real thrill ride trying to stay ahead of this film and figure out all the clues - and a surprise ending which you won't see coming!The only detriment was totally unnecessary tobacco drug use, which should have been omitted from this film.
One of the best pilots in the running, this show has a lot of great rapid fire comedy and superb writing. Jeffery Tambour is hysterical, and steals every single scene he is in. Yeah, there's definitely some jokes that don't really work, but there is plenty of potential here, unlike some shows that I could mention that may or may not involve Zombies (seriously just the idea itself automatically writes itself into a corner) I would love to see this show get picked up. And more Jeffery Tambour. I know he's doing Arrested Development, but I need more Jeffery Tambour. Seriously, I really hope this show gets picked up, it's one of the few 'comedy' pilots that is actually funny.
A show, not unlike X-Files, but with genuine terror felt by the characters and realistic responses by the capable actors to the endless (and cool) strange plot features. Elements and characters that were introdued early were brought back around in a highly imaginative and compelling manner. The relatinships of the characters were developed in a completely believable fashion so as to make the viewer care about the characters and the fate of their relationships. One of the most nice crafted, executed and ended television series I've seen - thanks to the makers and performers, you left this viewer satified.
im lucky to have a place to by music i love. i like most all music (excepsions) ot corse. most all the time one pops up !when it dose l click.i put it or by it , listen now or have it sent. eather way its greet to have it the way i lke it . love music.no music no live!  since time began. arnt. we lucky! pleas enjoy yours what ever it may be.
I loved all the seasons and hope it comes back again -  maybe after the baby is a little older.
I put this on for the grandkids but I must confess that I tend to like the music on this one,too.
This was the funniest thing I've seen in a long time. Wow, a comedy show that actually makes you laugh a lot. It's revolutionary. Genius writing and great acting by everyone in the cast.
I have been watching season 1 and this series is truly awesome. Fantastic story plot for each episode. Also, it takes place in the Victorian era which is another highlight. Every episode leave one wondering what is going to happen in the following episode. I highly recommend it.
This has been a great season so far! I have not had any problems watching the episodes. I just use my TV connect to Amazon prime, The show starts quickly.This season is bitter sweat for me. I am excited to finally get to meet the Mother and see some of the flash forwards with Ted, yet I also know this is the final season and soon there will be a final ending :( Enjoy the show! I know I have!
Funny,Sad,and Real entertainment reality T.V. I enjoy the drama of it all. Although I wonder if some of the statements are scripted by editors.
I am not a football fan by any means, but this show is entertaining on all levels. Drama, comedy and tragedy. Even the music is excellent. I just downloaded the 2 compilation CDs. There is something for everyone in this show. Enjoy.
This season of five episodes starts off with a complex plot: a detective who is retired is writing a book about his old cases, all of them successfully resolved, but one.  He is killed, and the chapter goes missing.  As Morse and Lewis dig deeper and deeper, several possible suspects emerge as to who might like to keep the information quiet, and who has the most to lose if the secrets are uncovered regarding the circumstances surrounding the crime and why it was never resolved.These shows may seem slow-moving compared to current mysteries, but the magic is in the script and acting.  Morse always has wise observations and his face is a joy to watch as John Thaw underplays the subtle emotions.
This is a young smart show that shows them strugging with business startups, relationships, and life in general.  A show for the family.
I like to watch cooking shows and theses are the best ,the chef s are timed are fast paced.and best of all no commercial interruption s..
I'm three shows into the new season, and so far it looks good.  They have a new female counterpart to Reese (Shaw) who definitely adds a new dimension to the show.  My favorite character is always root, and so far she has been in two of the episodes.  Hopefully, they will find a way to work her into more shows as the season goes on.
I absolutely love this show and download episodes to my kindle so I can watch them while on long plane rides.  I never get tired of watching these episodes and see the characters evolve. Love it!
After watching the Closer (Kyra Sedgewick) for so long, I didn't think the producers could continue on with a successful follow-on show.  But Mary McDonald has stepped up and provided the lead role in another hit which I feel is also due to the original cast being still in place.
This is a well written show.  All the characters are very good no matter what circumstances they go through.  Every episode is full of entertainment.
It was 1991 and a thriller became the most talked about movie of the year, so much so that it ended up winning the best film category at the Oscars. The movie was one of the most terrifying films made and offered a character (who was actually a secondary character to the main criminal being sought) that became a name associated with fear and horror as much as Freddy Krueger. The movie was SILENCE OF THE LAMBS and the character was Hannibal Lecter. Now 22 years later we get to watch the exploits of Lecter once more only this time taking place before the film as well as the movies MANHUNTER and RED DRAGON  (both based on the same novel).HANNIBAL was a new series appearing last year on NBC and it arrives on DVD this week. This will be a fantastic thing for fans of the character because they may have missed the series when it began and for fans of the show because it will offer some of those items not aired on TV (one episode wasn't shown because it involved a child's death and would have run shortly after the Sandy Hook incident).While the series carries the name of the notorious serial killer the story doesn't revolve completely around him but around Lecter and FBI agent Will Graham (Hugh Dancy). Graham is a profiler for the FBI is the best there is but who also has a problem. When he gets into the mind of the killers they seek out, he delves so deeply into it that he often has problems coming back to the real world. This isn't to say he kills anyone, but the emotional toil this takes on him makes the work difficult at best and damaging at worst.When a new serial killer begins his spree Special Agent Jack Crawford (Lawrence Fishburne) appeals to Will to come out of retirement and assist him in capturing this new evil. Will has taken a position with the FBI teaching recruits the finer aspects of profiling and what to look for. While he doesn't want to help Jack for fear of losing himself in the search, he finally caves in and does so.This new killer is the essence of evil. He stalks his prey, young women, and then after capturing and killing them appears to eat a portion of them. A cannibalistic killer is something rare and new to this group of FBI agents. Will does exactly as expected, helping them follow up on clues from episode to episode. His colleague at the academy Dr. Alan Bloom (Caroline Dhavernas) warned Jack before hand that Will would need constant supervision. Wanting to catch the killer Jack allowed things to get out of hand. He finds help as the investigation progresses when he comes across a psychiatrist of note that could help Will. His name is Hannibal Lecter (Mads Mikkelsen).As the series progresses Will begins seeing Lecter in his office for counseling but eventually Lecter helps the FBI in their search for the killer. What the FBI doesn't know is that Lecter has his own reasons for wanting the man caught. He's competition. And while those of us familiar with Lecter from the films know that he has a taste for his victims subtle hints of this are offered here in the series as well.The show is not for the faint of heart as it offers some of the most gruesome images ever to appear on national television. At the same time it offers one of the most complex mysteries ever offered on TV. The characters are completely formed rather than cardboard cutouts. Before you reach the halfway point you care about some, fear some and hope that others will simply survive before the show ends.The acting is some of the best ever seen on TV and why it was ignored by the Emmy board is beyond me. Standouts include both Dancy and Mikkelsen. Dancy's slow decent into madness makes you want to scream at the television that he shouldn't trust everyone he knows. Mikkelsen's elegant Lecter is someone that you would love to know and have dinner with if it weren't for his desire to serve you as the main course rather than offer you a meal.The show was successful enough to garner a second season to begin soon. Before that happens you now have the chance to get caught up with season one on DVD. It's a show that I would not only recommend you watch but that you add to your collection as well. That is unless you're afraid of watching something this intense.
More fun from the behind bars, okay they are on the run now, oops hope that doesn't spoil it for you!!
I was very happy when this came up for viewing. I am a fan of Chris Carter and a few of the actors/actresses in this pilot so maybe I am a little jaded because I can imagine where the show will go.The opening was a little bit slow but that is pretty much to be expected when you are introduced to a cast of characters such as this. While being slow it was done well in that it set up the stage for what was coming. you got an early feel for the personalities that would be bringing the drama and action going forward.At around the half way point with the ambulance the show kicked it into high gear for me. All the way to the end the show gave you good story, then let you breathe for a second, then brought more to the table. the inclusion of multiple mysteries and breadcrumbs which serve to give the viewer a rough idea of what potentially these characters have in store for themselves and us the views on what the heck this is all about.I compare this pace of story telling to serial shows like Heroes and The Walking Dead (not talking about superheroes and zombies but in the tempo and story pacing) but a little bit faster. the days of 23 episode tiny breadcrumbs leading to a lackluster season cliffhanger are not something I see coming with this show. Chris Carter has demonstrated his story telling and creativity at its best with Millenium and XFiles and this could be the next big thing he brings to our screens.Watch it for yourself and give it 1 hour of your time and you will not likely regret it. as a general warning there is on scene with very brief nudity (would be pg13 rating at most) and a number of f-bombs which would be the only thing to need to be mindful of in a family setting but this is not really geared towards the 13 and under crowd. Its adult 9pm entertainment at its best.
Love this show! ! By far one of my favorites of the fall season.  Vastly different than other police procedural type shows mainly because of the personal relationships - and they have grown so much this season.  I can't wait for more episodes.  Only sad point is the looming holiday season means that schedules will get all discombubelated and make me angry I can't have my shows when they are supposed to be there.
Great series!  Always look forward to the next show!  When you think you've figured out &#34;who done it&#34;, you're proven wrong. So, you've got to watch the next show to see where it all leads.
Awesome Show for anyone who likes old stuff. Funny and educational with engaging characters. Have seen stuff on this show I've never seen before!
After seeing the trailer, I thought that this might be a somewhat dark and depressing film, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend it to teens and older audiences! Chris Colfer has a very promising career ahead, judging from "Struck by Lightning." And it's nice to see the class creeps get theirs in this flashback movie.
I have always liked the tv show castle, now I don't have to be bothered by weather shutting of the program. It is a very entertaining show. The price was good. Shipping was fantastic. I would recommend this show. The main characters are believably compatible and look like they are having fun
I'm not sure exactly why but I have always really liked this show for my kids.  It is calm and doesn't have any annoying songs.  The characters are funny if a but odd.  And my kids have always really liked it too.  And the voice of Oswald is Fred Savage!  That was what first drew me to the show.
One of all time favorite detectives - Love all episodes - wish there were more. No one can outsmart Poirot.
This is a great season!  I am half way through it at this point.  The characters have changed a lot since season one and you absolutely must start at the beginning.  I wouldn't be surprised if you find yourself feeling differently about a lot of characters after watching season 5.
unforgettabe is a great show main charters are from my favorite show in the past.  nik/tuck and without a trace
I love this show! Though I never saw the movie, it gives you enough to know the 'past' situations that lead to SHIELD and the team. Highly recommended for anyone that likes action shows with a little extra built in.
Got this one because our DVR ate it and we can't miss our Jax fix.  All of these characters are so enthralling.
They have to make more of these. I loved the pilot. It was smart and NEW. It was great to see such accomplished actors playing well written parts.
I thought I was up to speed on the bottled water scam but TAPPED proves so engrossing I viewed the documentary twice.  I knew bottled water was no safer to drink than what comes out of the kitchen tap.  But TAPPED presents the information so powerfully I think it will teach a few things to those who already stopped buying bottled water while un-selling it to people who believe the Poland Spring and Dasani "pure water" sales pitch.TAPPED delivers three salient messages.  First, bottled water is no safer than tap water and we cannot trust private companies to regulate bottled water quality the way public authorities do tap water.  Second, the manufacture of plastic bottles releases deadly chemicals that are killing people who live near production plants, and the bottles themselves release elements not fit for human consumption.  Third, the pollution of discarded bottles is exterminating ocean life.Is there a soundtrack C.D. for TAPPED?  I can't remember the last film - commercial or documentary - that had as much cool music.As if the filmmakers know you won't be able to wait any longer to tell your friends and family to stop buying bottled water, TAPPED shares all its information in just 76 minutes.  The D.V.D. includes out-takes, however.See TAPPED.  As is the case with cigarettes, once you realize the harm it causes and what you pay for that, you'll wonder what benefit you ever got from bottled water.  The documentary also reminds us of the undue influence industry has over public welfare, with the drought-stricken state of Georgia seeing bottled water companies draining its reservoirs.
This is an absolutely fascinating series, rich with the history of London hospital, life in the slums and tenements of the era, and an engrossing look at the development of medical advances, such as xray and anesthesia.  Highly recommended!
Set Tivo to capture this show when it started and after first, set to get season pass. Interesting, well done, multiple complex character show with old West as backdrop. More than a Western. Some history that seems to ring true even if it actually isn't. Rough and tumble and bloody at times. I do like series and hope to catch all of season 2. Recommend.
These stories are amazing-a terrific series in its own right. THAT HAVING BEEN SAID, WHY ON EARTH IS THE COMPANION SERIES "I SURVIVED-BEYOND AND BACK" NOT OFFERED AS WELL? There are many programs of survival available, & they are amazing-but I have not been able to find BEYOND AND BACK -or anything remotely like it - for purchase ANYWHERE-& that's BEYOND disappointing & unfair-it does an egregious disservice to subject matter that is not only fascinating, but important to learn more about. This companion program to the inspirational and interesting "I SURVIVED", which IS available,as are many such programs, would be a logical and perfect companion/enhancement to the subject. With the increasing interest in programs such as Long Island Medium, Psychic Tia, & the many ghost/haunting/paranormal shows-most of which ARE available for purchase-BEYOND AND BACK really NEEDS to be available for purchase! ASAP!
One of my favorite series of all time. Loved the last 3 episodes. Finally a great series with a sastisfying end
The first season I thought started a little slow but when they started seeing and hearing things in the mine it all got very interesting. I am looking forawrd to the next season.
We bought the first season, because friends told us it was really good.  We are glad we bought both and will buy the next season also.  It is a lot nicer to watch several shows in a row.  There are a lot of twist and turns and we like not having to wait until the next week for the next show.  We are retired and do not have a lot to do, so we order full series of a show instead of watching them once a week.  We can watch as much as we want, when we want.  Good deal.
This show is very cute. My 8 month ok loves it. And I love that its on prime. The 2 year old like it as well.
I give the Ghost Adventures show five stars for its creative investigation techniques & its entertainment value. I love all things related to Cryptozoology & the paranormal & feel that there should be more shows like this.
I really enjoyed watching this series, and was intrigued that they actually found out what happened to Megan's Father.  I was also a bit disappointed that Peter Dunlop had been killed off.
We are catching up no 24 so we can watch the new series.  We have become hooked on the drama of this show and are sorry we didn't watch it while it was such a big hit.  it is now a BIG hit for us.
I was overjoyed to hear that FUTURAMA has returned, yet again. Then I heard that this will be the last season. I would hope that maybe ADULT SWIM would pick up the show, hint! hint! In the meantime, "All hail the Hypno-Toad!"
what a shame they discontinued such a unique show.  always looked forward to the next episode.
The Amazing Race, every season, is actually a series of 12 races leading up to a 12th-leg million-dollar win. Each one of these legs is about as interesting to watch as the finale is. As always, in season 19, there were plenty of surprises along the way. You can never make any assumptions about who's first, who's last, or who's going to survive the leg to race again. The various challenges show a great imagination on the part of whoever set them up.
I have heard this was a good show for quite some time but I didn't have time to start watching the series until now. I am so glad I started! It's really good. I enjoy the story lines and I love the main charachter, Raylan!
The whole series was great. It showed how military teams work together and have each others back.  It also showed how the wives help and support  each other. I would recommend this series to anyone.
We loved Duck Dynasty!  People are craving good clean entertainment and this is it!  People drawn to  this show are a majority of Americans that honor God and their country.
Tosh wows me every time I see his show.  He undoubtedly is one of the quickest wits on television and there is no length or line he won't cross to get a laugh.  Even when I feel his humor might be a bit inappropriate I find that I am still laughing at it because there is always some truth to the joke.  You know, when is the right time to joke about somebody who has died recently?  Well, a joke is going to be made in the future so even if it is an hour or two after the demise of the person, it is the future isn't it?  As inappropriate as it may seem, death is death and the dead are always fair game.  That's a sad rule, but a true one.
Believe is a top tier series.  The little girl is amazing, and her gruff father is as real as can be.  I can see this series going for 6 or 7 seasons of 16 episodes each.
Duck Dynasty is a great family show, with a good bit of comedy and Christian values mixed in.  A must see!
Laura's family sends her off to Candleford to work in the post office with the postmistress. At first, it seems like a cruel thing to take a young girl away from her family, all she's ever known, to go to work with some strangers in another town. But Laura gets over her initial shock and fright and she catches on and takes to the job. From there, the story goes back and forth between the two towns; characters are brought in and out, but the thread of Lark Rise and Candleford is maintained. If you grew up in a small town, you will relate to these stories. If you grew up in a big city, you will see how small towns care for their own.
What a refreshing look at the psychology of people. This is just a great series and I was hooked at the pilot episode first launched. The fact that you can also get access to the series via Amazon Prime makes it even better. The characters are great and the acting is also not half bad. The whole plot keeps you glued to the television set and with a little revealed each episode you are actually waiting in anticipation for each episode to be released. Great show and a definite recommendation on my side.
i love this show sooo much, i am sad there are only 2 seasons. those sheep are something else. i watch them with my granddaughter. it's amazing how much can be said with no words at all.
I was on the edge of my seat much of this season. And to find out it was cancelled after the little cliffhanger was bad news. Dark and gritty, and non-stop, never wasting time over political correctness. There were so many questions I needed to have answered next season. How could anyone not have been watching!!
I bought this movie simply because I love old Cary Grant movies.  I took a chance and I'm glad that I did. What a great movie this was and it made me seriously consider becoming a foster parent.
Let's see what's next!  Good cast/acting and story line.  When is the next episode?  Where do we find out if this is going to continue?
Wooosh! 26 episodes (two of them with 44 minutes), almost 5 minutes of deleted scenes by episode, very good packaging.All this is amazing, but would not be enough if the episodes themselves were not great. They are! They are some of the best ever of the show. Unfortunately, towards  the ending of the season we have some usual plot devices for sitcoms (or any other shows), I would not give any spoilers, but the final part of the last episode was so cliched (although shown in the usual Office way). I did not expect that.This season is very good indeed. Dwight is out of control. In my opinion, someone clearly decided to give all the characters more evenly distributed screen time, and it shows. All in all, you cannot lose by watching it.
THis was a great season for Ice Road Truckers.  Can't wait to see what happens during the upcoming season with all the drama that Hugh and company can dish out to thier rival truch companly,
Just as intriguing as the earlier seasons.  But some great characters are killed off this season...and are missed, nasty as they were.  Hard to imagine Arlo is pushing up daisies! No one could push Rayland's buttons like Arlo :(
I am so sad that this series has ended, it really was the thinking persons series, I do hope another network picks it up as it ended in a way that it could return any time, loved the Christmas episode, half cartoon, anime and real life, I realize that it is an expensive show to create as the quality is high, both in acting and the special effects, almost movie quality, sad days.
I love this show, It's great to have a cop show that's also a Rom-Com and to top it off it's based in Florida who doesn't love that. Great writing a cop show with out all the pretense of having to be serious. A light hearted cop show.
While we know this is a knockoff of the X-Men and the Alphas are like mutants, the writers do a good job of creating an interesting story week to week. Can't wait for Season 2
I HAVE ENJOYED THIS SHOW AND COLLECTED THE OTHER YEARS, THIS WILL FINISH MY SET AND I CAN WATCH IT AGAIN WHENEVER
This show just gets more and more tense! When they injected Grace back into the action, Finch felt helpless to resist Decima. Shaw, Reese, and Root are having to hide out to avoid Decima for the moment, but still managing to kick some a**. I would not have foreseen the intensity getting higher after Carter's exit, but it is just getting more and more intense. The acting in this show is remarkable, so much conveyed in so few words, often in just a look. When John promised to come after Finch, I felt almost sorry for Decima--he will make them regret their actions! I'm sure we'll have a cliffhanger par excellence in the season finale...
I have always liked this show.  It can be a bit annoying after awhile but it takes quite a bit for it to bother me at all, in fact, to be completely honest it hasn't ever bothered me.  My 5 year old still likes it and can watch it endlessly.  It teaches problem solving in a fun way.
I've watched every season. I really like Raylan Givens. He's talented, but he's not perfect. The stories are rather crazy but appealing. The long term bad guy has somewhat mellowed by this season. Raylan is the good guy. Boyd is a bad guy. But they dug coal together. They each have lines they won't cross. Oddly, they're similar. Perhaps its the real life aspects that sneak into this crazy series that make it so appealing. I recommend starting with season 1. A lot will be lost, if you don't.
It took me a few episodes, but now I am hooked. A few more episodes to go in season 2. Looking forward to find out what happens with the Prince. I have an idea but need confirmation.
This is such an interesting concept for a story. Really enjoyed it. No something I couldn't get enough of but seem to always goback for more.
Good story lines.  Character development and interactions.  Great writing.  Realistic and compelling for,the most part. It really gets you caught up in the plot
Okay not perfect, can use a little work on the &#34;funny&#34; but I still enjoyed it and would love love love to see a full season!
I still can't beleive how much I'm going to miss this watching Friday Night Lights......:( 5 seasons was just not enough!
I like the characters and how they're developed as the story unfolds.  Really reels you into the storyline and keeps you guessing as to what might happen next.  Would highly recommend this series as watch worthy.
This series is fantastic. The acting is superb, the plot is realistic, and FINALLY Sheriff Longmire is a character of actual integrity - a true modern-day hero worth admiring.
Can't wait to see what happens this season after watching this.OMG!This is gonna be a crazy exciting season to watch
I love this show. We do not have cable television .  I Watch these all the time and cant wait for the next season.
Love it... Why no Season 18???
The cast was interesting and the comedic timing was great. I want to see the characters flushed out.  Can't wait to see more
I was a huge fan of both the Batman and Superman animated shows, I was a fanatic for Justice League and Justice League Unlimited. All four shows ended too quickly in my opnion. But Young Justice was a very good and very new idea on the superheroes, here we see the sidekicks as they grow older and try to make it as heroes themselves. It was a great show.
I love Survivor series.Can;t wait to get Quatamala, it is the only one I do not have. I own all but that one. I have paid for it but it is a preorder item and still has not shipped.
This show is great, love watching it on Amazon Instant Video. Will buy more videos and music using this service.
TV series are generally based on a premise, gets completely tied to that premise and if they try and evolve it to the next step they wind up running right over a cliff or jumping the nearest shark.Castle, I've bought the entire series, done a mass marathon (luckily this was before twinkies ceased to exist;  Now with that lack, don't know if I'd have the stamina to pull it off).Concept - Castle is an amazing mystery writer, 26 or more best sellers (even though he claims to only do 1 book a year), gets pulled in in episode 1, season 1 to help Beckett (Gorgeous Homicide detective, female), solve a mystery that is using murders out of his books.  He gets hooked on her and off we go.The series is formulaic, there's an &#34;A&#34; story line (Generally the murder), and at least one &#34;B&#34; story line (some progression of the character's relationships).&#34;A&#34; story lines, generally take the form of some tribute to a genre (real wives of name your place, star trek type conventions, thematic episodes I assume played around specific holidays (Halloween in particular &#34;Undead again&#34; being a particular favorite &#34;Our killer's a zombie!&#34;), there are of course more &#34;natural&#34; killings as well, so don't think they're all some sort of trumped up bizarre thing.  In most cases these lines are decently thought out, my only fault with them is the sheer number of false leads they give you through the course of the episode.  Watching sometimes, I'd think my head would explode if they threw another twist to the murder at me.&#34;B&#34; storylines, tend to lighten the mood, provide a distraction from all the murdering going on.  (Wish they had a compressed stream of just the &#34;B&#34; lines sometimes.)  They do use the same sorts of mechanisms a lot to bring home their points, and as I say if not for the generally excellent performance of the actors it could get annoying, very predictable.  But in this case, I forgive them that as Most episodes are full of solid entertainment.Plot progression - I could name off several series where the big hook to keep the audience coming back was the old &#34;will they or won't they&#34; thing and the audience is left hanging until the last moment of the last episode to find out &#34;will they?&#34;Castle has taken the approach over the 5 seasons so far of maturing the relationship between Castle and BeckettI have to say I admire the story writers progressing the story line and managing to find things to do after the characters get together.Best of the series - the characters, the humorWorst of the series - Sometimes it could jump the orca (much larger than a shark) around motivation on plotting and agreements that the characters get into (the entire Beckett Mother getting killed storyline, several times I was what the?)Still at this point likely the most enjoyable show I am watching
This is a refreshing, witty pilot that deserves a season. The characters make you want to know more about them especially the oboist, and the conductor.  Great that it's set in NYC. Really want to see more!
I don't know how the rest of the shows will play out but the pilot was excellent and intriguing.  The acting was excellent and it is the best pilot for any new TV show I have seen so far.  I will enjoy watching more but I will be willing to watch on Amazon to avoid the annoying and awful commercials of regular TV shows.
I Love this show. Extremely happy to find it on Amazon Prime.It is a safe show for children to watch and learn about everyday items.I have learned quite a bit watching it with my children.I am sad that there are not more seasons to watch.Netflix canceled the show.
Good show that keeps you guessing as to what happens next! Never miss an episode thanks to Amazon Prime and its free to watch!
This is one of my favorite series, I'm so sorry it's over. Well done, not cheesy. Fine acting, good story lines. Some humor thrown in with Walter, he's awesome. Really got personal with the characters and the story, a sign of a well made series. Hope for some sort of sequel in the future.
I am a big fan of this series, each new season brings something new to the back stories of each character. I highly recommend.
This looks like a great cast with good writing. The potential for cameos is also intriguing. Can't wait to see it picked up.
I was pleasantly surprised by this series.  At first I thought it would be yet another variation on roguish cop investigates homocides - which it is.  But the pleasant surprise was the great character development of the main character.  Obviously the writing and acting are good to carry off another rendition of this basic story format but it's the humor that sets it apart.  It's a bit quirky yet plausible.  The main character is played to perfection: confident but not really arrogant - just confident.  He doesn't look like a cop so much which isn't anything new, but he's more like an updated Sherlock Holmes without being condescending, annoying or any of the arrogance.  He's brilliant and yet could be a pro poker player...very entertaining!
Just purchased Season 5....can't wait to watch and get caught up before the new Season 6 starts in the fall!!
Best modern day western lawman drama made. Captures the natural spirit of the West, Native Americans, the White man, and how they can work together to solve serious crime, cutural, and social probllems. Just the right amount of political backstabbing and drama with Branch and Nighthorse. And Lou Diamond Phillips has found his perfect role. The scripts, casting, and acting are first rate. The laid-back character of Longmire is an excellent mask on his superb analytic skills and ability to put it all together - a thinker first although he can be, no, make that IS, a wimp in the romance department with such a beautiful woman's adoration as Lizzie's. Looking forwards to the next series and hope there will be many. Lila Corso
This show is addictive!  We are able to see so many homes from different cities!  We also are able to see what was most important to the ones who are purchancing the home they chose!  Such a variety of reasons and places we are taken to is what keeps me watching the seasons!  Hop in and take a look!
Jonny Lee Miller and Lucy Lui and Aidan Quinn are amazing to watch. My husband is waiting for Sherlock and Watson to get together but I love how much they've grown as partners since the first season.
I love my by ladies, especially Yolanda who was sadly missing from this episode!  PLEASE less Kiim Richards and more Lisa and Yolanda and Brandi!!
Four year old son watches this a lot.  One of his favorites!  Nostalgic for Dad too.  On to the old movies!
I truly liked the action and couldn't wait for the next series. Can not wait for the next season to start next summer.
Too often shows decline as they go along. This 2nd year was every bit as good as the first. I love how there are no good or bad guys. The bad guys have redeeming qualities and the good guys have some seriously distorted things going on.
Good clean fun!!! Lucy Lucy Lucy, all her shows are awesome! We should have more good clean fun shows as good as this!
Very good spy show, characters are interesting and the show to show subplots make you want to watch the next episode.
Delightfully creative. The stories of our youth are brought to life with panache, humor, wonderful wickedness, scary but not too (can be watched alone on a dark night), unpredictable and cornball humor the show is an intelligent fantasy take off seasoned with wry, self awareness and self deprecating humor. I love Prince Charming, of course - one must, but I have also come to love the evil queen. That's the sign of good television.
An easy Five Star rating for excellent T.V. viewing. This program is sort of a mix of modern and a touch of old western type justice being dealt out to the bad guys by a bad (a_ _ ) guy himself. Fun to watch. Recommend to all viewers who enjoy good vs. bad type entertainment.
Missed seeing Unforgettable, Body of Proof and other recently introduced shows.  Will not pay to have instant video on most of the junk, but eagerly await each episode of this new show.
If you liked seasons one, two or three, you will like this one.  Fun ,a little corny at times, sci-fi show.  Similar entertainment to eureka with a little more unexplained items.
Being a student and author of historical fiction, I must say the British production companies do "history" better than anyone else. "Rome" is an outstanding production with well done story lines.The writers developed well-known, but rarely published facts about common Roman life; graffiti, treatment of slaves--and the love of blood. The realism is sometimes a bit "raw"--but accurate historically. Greeks loved beauty--Romans loved blood.The casting is excellent and the props superb! I first noticed Max Pirkis in "Master and Commander" (One of my favorite movies) and think the boy has a lot of talent. He is growing into adult roles well and we will see him in some excellent thought provoking roles--if his parents can protect him from "Hollywood."Well done Brits! (American studios should be jealous!)
I love this show!  Please keep renewing the show each season!  The characters and actors are marvelous and the story lines are great!
This is an excellent remake of the 80's slasher film!!  Gross, bloody, disturbing, fantastic, and entertaining!  This is a great slasher film that is wonderful to rewatch!
Liked the first season but the second is even better. Gets more into the characters pass and how everything came to be. Love how these characters are evolving and growing. Can't wait for season three.
One of the best sci-fi series to be aired lately. It goes right into my Star trek, Babylon 5, and Battlestar collection
This is my most favorite show on TV!  It takes many twists and turns and just when you think you have figured out where the plot is going, a new twist happens.  I hope this show stays around for a long while and maintains the &#34;on the edge of your seat&#34; feeling.
I love watching stories of the paranormal!
Sexy and funny, as good as it gets. Seriously, once you get past how good looking and stylish everyone is - hey, it's Italy - the suspense actually surpasses the sexual tension. Plots are great, Italy and Roma are bellisima, the political intrigue is well developed...in other words, Zen is totally cool. Enjoy, Ciao!
Great casting; there are some twists and turns; it has emotional content with integrity; and I love that they are finally pairing up Dani and Nico.  And TK's character brings it all, every show he's in...
This show is zoo much kick butt fun to watch. Oliver's dry stiffness is an excellent mix for his sweet, smart assistant Felicity Snow...Best super hero to be on television in a long time!!!!! Go Oliver and Felicity.
This is one of my sons favorite shows along with Team UmiZoomiIt teaches him while he watches and doesn't realize it.Great show for kids
I hope this show is around for many seasons.  It is nice to see a show which can present adult themed comedy with quite some finesse.
This season was filled with a wonderful storyline.  I enjoyed the fact that some more secrets were revealed to key characters.  The storyline actually gave helpful information about the past and how the characters are interconnected to one another.  The back story about the town gave more on an insight that made the idea of werewolves more plausible.  The action was unbeatable this season.  One of the best shows on the television.  Definitely worth watching.
They just keep getting better.  I usually get tired of a series by this time and of course not all of the episodes are jewels, but the bulk still holds up and they throw in a surprise that will make you say &#34;Didn't see that coming&#34;.  Truly this show is just fun to watch.
Season 2 met and exceeded my expectations. There were some surprises and a lot of action. I am already anxious for season 3.
This series just keeps getting better. The characters are so well drawn and acted that they grab you and drag you along with them on their adventures. And even the most despicable character is so human that you understand, if not agree with, their motivation for their action.
I found the whole series to be somewhat groundbreaking in the level of writing making it more like what a really good book would be like if they had the time to make the screenplay line up with the book.  The detail, the subtle reasons behind Walt's actions as he went from victim to psychotic, all predicated on a plot that so many have seen played out in real life in terms of the cancer stripping a man of all he has to leave his family, and the measures one will take to care for their family.  So many angles, so many surprises.  In summary all I can say was the whole series was groundbreaking with the plot growing more intense with each season ending in a way that was not shocking after all that had happened but at least with some closure to core story lines and after watching the whole series online over the period of a month.  I'm drained, sad it is over, but thrilled at the ride it took me on.
ITS JJ ABRAHMS, WHATS NOT TO LIKE, I WONDERED WHAT THEY WOULD GET TO TAKE THE PLACE OF FRINGE, THIS IS EVERY BIT AS COOL, SLICK, AND TOTALLY PLAUSIBLE
With so many freshman sitcoms debuting the past month or so, the field was pretty crowded.  So many of them just served us the same reheated 80s and 90s sitcom gags, complete with annoying laugh tracks to tell us when to laugh (because the "jokes" sure didn't).  There were a lot of disappointments in the mix.I absolutely love Michael J Fox.  I loved him on everything from Family Ties through the Good Wife.  (he did a particularly funny guest spot on an episode of Scrubs that will have you literally peeing your pants laughing if you can find it).  That said, there were a WHOLE LOT of expectations on the Michael J Fox Show.  It's tricky to navigate the waters of an illness, and cover it with sensitivity, while still being funny.  Well BRAVO.  This show is laugh-out-loud funny.  The parkinson's related jokes are absolutely hilarious, but fortunately, the show isn't all just about the disease.  It is a funny, fresh, decidedly different take on a family comedy.The supporting cast are all wonderful, particularly Betsy Brandt from Breaking Bad (who knew she had such great comic timing?).  But Michael, appropriately, steals the show.  His comic chops and charisma are as strong as ever.  He gamely offers up himself and his life as comic fodder, with hilarious results!  Its easy to admire MJF for the courageous person he is, but it's a lot tougher to get laughs.  The Michael J Fox Show succeeds in getting laughs - lots and lots of laughs!  And I am so happy that it does!
Funny as always and informative. Good for kids to think in different ideas as George illustrate his struggle how to accomplish his way through his new life with the Yellow man. Always good for kids!
Excellent acting, script, cinematography.  Worth watching again or if you missed it first time around. Highly recommend. One of the best.
I am totally hooked on this series.The plots, dialog, and acting are good enough to keep me begging for more.There are usually 2 stories going on in each show and the editing is simply great..... they know when to leave a cliff hanger and when to tell the rest of the story.Annie's got that beautiful smile that charms male and female into doing exactly what she wants. I love the action and I adore all the beautiful place they go. The art direction is top-notch and beauty shots make you feel you have traveled there yourself. I have raced thru these first 3 seasons and I am now watching the current season on TV. I think I am a Covet Affairs junkie. I will watch 3-4 back to back shows before forcing myself to turn it off. Love this show.
I'm a big fan of this show. Since I live in the NW & it take place in the NW. I don't know what else to tell you about the show but that it is a great show.
..But this took my attention.  The show has one of the better castings of the pilots on amazon, with Titus Welliver's superb acting.  Hopefully this makes it through to become a series.
a pretty decent show soo far, interesting plot and good acting. I would say it's worth watching hopefully they will keep going with this one
A movie where you actually can't predict what is going to happen every minute! Mainstream critics hate this movie because there is no graphic sex, no nudity, no violence and most blasphemously of all, it doesn't follow one of the several tedious formulas every movie must adhere to these days---lest we have a new idea in our heads. Marcia Gay Harden is overwhelming as the main character, and I think she carries the movie but the rest of the cast are all affecting in their own way, especially Lenoir Watling. I didn't find the plot overly implausible, every story is implausible to some extent or another...real life itself, unfolding in real time, does not follow Vulcan logic. I have to laugh at the many &#34;professional&#34; critics (wow, talk about an easy job!!) who whine about the plot in this movie, while accepting with the innocence of a child the endless stream of moribund consequences and devices that the average Hollywood excretion regurgitates from the little book of how to write a Movie screenplay. Being original is quite an accomplishment in today's film culture, an example of this originality (I believe) is found in MGH's musings about death. Which are not necessarily inspiring--unless you think about them a bit---but they do at least have the solid twang of honesty about them. Which is almost unheard of in a modern movie.
I love this show. It is good in all the ways a series should be. However, it is a set piece and will likely bore the hell out of you if you watch with your i-whatever in your hand. Not for the millennial at heart; it's for the older set, for people who enjoy great acting, writing, directing, cinematography and a continental pace. Nobody is call anyone by a disgusting name, no one is going to make repeated bodily function jokes, and no one is going to insult your intelligence. So if you can stand not having those elements in your face for a change, this series is PERFECT. If you just HAVE to answer that last tweet, you twit,  then skip this one.I love it, I've watched it so much I can repeat the lines; I know what will happen and whodunit, and yet I and totally entertained every time, and I hope you will be too.
I'm calling it right now, Those Who Can't is the best pilot of Amazon's Lineup. If you haven't seen it yet, stop reading my review and watch it. Seriously. Do it now.Come on that was hysterical, right? All of Amazon's pilots so far have ranged from god-awful (Browsers) To meh (Alpha House) to maybe having some potential (Onion news Empire) But the one thing they have all had in common is very hit or miss jokes. All of these comedy pilots seem to be trying way too hard. Those Who Can't is the only consistently funny, well written, well acted, and well executed shows on the Amazon lineup. I honestly could care less if any of the other shows got picked up due to their constant overreaching and overplaying unfunny jokes, but Those Who Can't has the comedic genius of the likes of Community or How I Met Your Mother. Constant rapid fire comedy that is consistently funny, and just great writing all around. If this show gets picked up I will instantly buy every single episode as soon as humanly possible. It is a great show, and I Want no wait NEED  to see more of it.
it,s just like pawn stars but based in the south. It,s funny plus entertaining. It also has that sweet southern flavor
If you took a peppering of 'Shaun of the Dead', 'Tremors' and 'Deep Rising', add a deathly alcohol allergy to a monsters biology, giving besieged townspeople an excuse to tie one on and you come up with 'Grabbers'.Never taking itself too seriously but, also, never getting too slapstick, this was a fun flick with some tension as well as a couple of lopped off heads.Could have died happy without the 'Gremlins'-esque little Grabbers party crashing but that would be my only complaint.Well acted by main cast members, the real stand out being Ruth Bradley doing a spot on performance of a snockered non-drinker. Believe me, I know.Richard Coyle, playing male lead, is great in an understated  portrayal of an alcoholic island constable.Don't look for anything new in the creature genre, just bring popcorn.As far as other reviewers expressing difficulty with keeping up with some of the dialect, - really?Very enjoyable film where New York, L.A., or some other well known, oft- attacked locale was replaced with a whole different coastline.
A great series just gets better. There's more character development. Anne and Chris take it to the next level. Funny episodes all around.
This show was recommended to me by a friend and I found it to be well written with great actors.  It is the type of show that you start watching 1 episode and end up watching 3 or 4 more.
Just like the other seasons my family can't wait for another season. I love how they use a variety of guns and different courses.
I'm enjoying the Christmas marathon.  I have been laughing at each episode since I've started watching.  Monk is quirky, obsessive compulsive, intelligent, yet relatable.  All the characters are (relatable) - Randy is a hoot and Captain Stoddlemeyer is funny without meaning to be.Monk is educational.  After watching this series for years (I haven't seen all the episodes yet) I'm guessing how people died, cause of death, etc. by telltale clues.  Does this mean I should quit my day job?  Probably not quite yet, but in the meantime I'll visit the sites in the City as an homage to one of my favorite former, former, former police detective.PS - A good bonus is that this show isn't as gruesome as CSI (another favorite, but I admit, I can't watch brains leaking out of someone's skull without cringing).
The little short videos is just right for her.  It helps her learn to count and limited Spanish as well as sequencing. Very helpful for learning to read.
We really enjoy this show. The history is very interesting and we love watching the family interact. You never know what new gaget or book or gun or toy you will see next.  My whole family enjoys the show.
Great DVD. Contains the latest episodes from the most recent run of Futurama from Comedy Central. The episodes are hilarious and includes bonus content. A true Futurama fan will not be disappointed!
Our little ones alway ask to watch Umizoomi.  It's a well produced show with great story lines, characters and learning opportunities.
Not living in the USA, I'd not been exposed to this one at all but enjoyed it thoroughly and look forward to continuing on Amazon Free Video, since Amazon Prime is not yet available/possible here in Austria.
I haven't seen Haven Seasons 1 and 2 so I can only speak towards Season 3. After doing some homework on Wikipedia, I could follow the story of Season 3 better. I found the whole mythology and the characters incredibly engaging and entertaining. I'm hooked.
I admit, when I heard that there was going to be a pilot about a trans woman, starring Jeffrey Tambor (an actor known more for his sharp comedy than his empathy), I was nervous it would be sensationalized and tasteless. What a pleasant surprise Transparent was: well-acted, sensitive, with some really moving emotional moments. It moved a little slowly, felt more like a drama than a comedy, and wasn't very diverse, but Tambor is excellent and this has a lot of potential as a quality show to rival anything HBO, Showtime, and Netflix are doing. I'd love to see what happens next.
Ike Oden, DVD Verdict --The scenarios for each episode are more or less your typical sitcom fare: the boys scheme to pass a drug test, the boys lie to some girls in order to get dates, the boys spend a night locked in their office, etc. Workaholics knows this well-worn territory intimately and filters it through a haze of drugs, pop culture obsession, and frat boy perversion. Scatology, substance abuse and sexual deviance drive Workaholics' creative engine not as gratuitous gross-out humor but as serious philosophical and personal issues for our protagonists. Pop culture is approached with a similarly solemn face, meaning boys don't reference Nickelodeon's Double Dare, Dateline's "To Catch A Predator" and The Insane Clown Posse as one-off jokes, but as major story points within episodes.None of these innovations would coalesce if actors/creators Anderson, DeVine, and Holm didn't have such spectacular comedic chemistry with one another. The trio created the show after accumulating years of improv and viral video experience together, making their "best friend" interplay organic and believable. Each represents a different archetype of buddy comedies--Holm is the responsible one, Anderson is the quirky guy, and DeVine is the clueless leader. With the meta use of their own names and storylines culled from real life experiences, the guys are play stylized versions of themselves (comparable to Larry David's work in Curb Your Enthusiasm) giving the show a naturally spontaneous feel that's refreshing in a sitcom.This meta premise also adds extra dimensions to the characters, letting the performers take their characters down roads that border skirt the lines of insanity and narcissism without freeing the characters of conscious and empathy. They're bros, after all, and always rely on the bond their friendship to claw their way out of whatever ridiculous problem they face each episode. Unlike the characters populating the similarly anarchic It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia, it's hard not to sympathize with stoners like Blake, Adam, and Anders. They love each other, and we love them for it.Great praise must also be showered upon the show's writing. Dialogue consistently crackles with pseudo hip-hop slang and some of the most creative profanity ever realized on the small screen. Not only that, but the show's ability to consistently subvert audience expectations without relying on gimmicks or false plot twists deserves a rousing applause. Though their numbers are too large to list here, accolades must be given to the writing staff and showrunners of Workaholics as some of the freshest comedy writing on television.As if I couldn't recommend Workaholics enough, Comedy Central comes through with a DVD absolutely stacked with content.The technical specs check out solidly. The show is shot on a fairly small budget, so the somewhat fuzzy 1.78.1 transfer won't blow minds, but proves serviceable for a shot-on-digital show about workaday potheads. The 5.1 Dolby Digital track fares a little better, boasting very clear dialogue and a thumping hip-hop theme that you'll never tire of hearing.The extras that are where Workaholics: Season One really shine. Included in the set is cast interviews, deleted/alternate scenes, Workaholics digital originals, a live Workaholics sketch (as performed at Bonnaroo), outtakes, and (fittingly inebriated) audio commentaries for each episode. Rather than pick apart each extra bit-by-bit and step on the jokes, I will only say every supplement sampled here made me laugh as hard as the show itself. If the bonus material is to be trusted, the Workaholics crew are just as hilarious outside the show as they are on it. For fans, the extras are a veritable feast of funny that spans several hours beyond the episodes featured.-Full review at dvdverdict.com
My son got me hooked to this series. It looked like another spoiled lawyers show but it sucks you in and then your hooked to all the characters. I like how it gets you to cheer for the good doers and hate the bad eggs.
Great stories...very appealing characters...great interplay between family dynamics and law enforcement careers...Tom Selleck holds the show together while Donnie Wahlberg always creates electricity
Looking very forward to watching more episodes.  I see the potential of it growing stale but that doesn't mean it will do so.  Thanks, Amazon!
Watching the first episode I was not quite sold but in the second I fell for it completely. Set in London royal hospital starting in 1906 and based on recorded cases this BBC drama is compelling and watchable. Some of the societal problems we face now we're faced then by the doctors and nurses of the time. The primary setting is the casualty, E.R. Which then as now is often the gateway to a hospital. There were some major differences the, the E.R. Closed at night and patients lined up at the gates to be treated in the morning, not a second before the ordained time. And there were strict codes of conduct for doctors and nurses, rigid codes. One of the nurses is torn between her love of a handsome doctor and her true calling Another compelling character is the seemingly strict and cold matron, who really loves her nurses and patients.
I just finished watching the first six episodes. I was pleasantly surprised in finding a well thought out, unique, and wonderfully acted series. The name BATES MOTEL sounds like a desperate spin-off of PSYCHO but it reminded me more of David Lynch's TWIN PEAKS using PSYCHO as a starting off point for the two main characters.The series begins when Norman Bate's father has a sudden accidental death and his mother, Norma, decides she and Norman need a brand new start in a brand new town.  She decides that taking advantage of her late husband's insurance policy and buying a home and motel that are up for forclosure is the perfect beginning to their new life together.  Little does she realize the sleepy town they are moving to is as dysfunctional and has as many secrets and lies as she and her son have.I don't think they could have found a better teenage Norman Bates than Freddie Highmore. He is incredibly believable with his uncomfortably shy persona, abnormally polite speech and awkward gestering. Vera Farminga does an equally impressive job as his mother, Norma Bates. I just watched her in a film that she directed as well as starred in called HIGHER GROUND and am a fan of her performances in UP IN THE AIR and an earlier 2004 feature DOWN TO THE BONE. She is proving with every role just what great a range of acting she is capable of.Farminga's role as the mother is very complex and always changing. How far WILL she go to get what she wants? Is she a sociopath or just an overprotective mother? Whatever her mood is in that moment Farminga is right there. She can change personalities three or four times in a single scene. Brilliant! One other character that really stands out is that of the town sheriff, played by Nestor Carbonell. He looks like a tough Anthony Perkins and his presence provides us with a weekly reminder of just how creepy and mysterious the town is.  He also has a constant eye on Norma and is quick to figure out The Bates are a family that he needs to watch out for. He will not be manipulated by Norma's feminine wiles as other men, in her past, have.I would say the only problem I have with the series is that it has alot of mini-dramas going on at the same time, some of which I find unnecessary. I am not quite sure, as of yet, whether the older brother adds anything to the show. His character does not seem as well constructed and believable as the other two members of the Bates family.  With his charming good looks and his attempt to fit into the darker elements of the town, will take a few more episodes before the verdict is out on his character and relevance in the show. Right now his normalacy makes me feel as if he does not belong to his family or the town especially compared to the rest of the cast.All-in-all this program from the A&E; channel is a great find. BATES MOTEL as well as RECTIFY on the Sundance Channel are two of the best new programs on television this season.  I can't wait for season 2 of both of these quality and well-written programs.
The series deals with the post Civil War expansion westward through the eyes of a former Confederate soldier who lost his wife and only child to Union soldiers.  Bohannon, our hero, joins the railroad crew as he finds a clue to the death of his wife.  Working with the railroad is secondary to his own justice and revenge.Season One is tawdry, dirty, and often horrid in the showing of the wretched life and conditions these men, and many women, were subjected.  Alliances, both easy and uneasy, are born and die as quickly as they are needed or no longer useful.Hell On Wheels has a feel of grittiness from beginning to end.  Some may find this a little too overpowering for their senses. Others will enjoy the series for not sugar coating the ugliness of the times.
both my sons loved it. Very good story lines with music and fun stuff appropriate for the kids. I wish they had more than 4 seasons.
I have only watched the pilot of this show so far. I was not planning on watching it at all since I am not usually all that interested in super hero fare but Joss Whedon's involvement convinced me to give it a shot. The man has had enough hits, and enough success, to know that it is not merely a matter of luck. He's got real talent and I enjoy his sensibility immensely. I was not disappointed in this show at all. Quite the opposite. I decided to watch the first episode to give it a shot but now, after only a single episode, I am hooked.The show is full of Whedon's trademark wit. When Phil steps out of the shadows and says "Sorry, that corner was so dark I couldn't resist. I think there's a bulb out or something" I knew immediately whose universe I was in. The writing on the show is easily three steps above most of what you are used to seeing on television. It is still too early to get a full sense of all the characters but from first impressions it definitely seems like Whedon has managed to produce another great ensemble cast. That is one of the things I most appreciated about his prior work.There is also a really engaging story. I have a feeling there is some background mythology that I am not entirely following. I have never really been into comic books or super heroes but, in a way, I almost think it might be better that there are things I am not in on. It creates more mystery. I have no idea where the plot is heading but I am definitely looking forward to finding out. I recommend giving this show a shot even if you are not ordinarily into super hero movies or shows. You might be pleasantly surprised.
I find I can't stop watching for the next shoe to drop. It's interesting to see a story built on recent history, history I truly remember well.
This show is gritty and real and i like that. If you dont like blood and gore you wont like this show.
Well written and acted.  Noah Wiley is exceptional in this as are the other actors. Story is believable and could happen that way,
great show, its an oldie but a goodie. I would recommend watching this show  when you need a good laugh.
I watched the Zombieland pilot the other day, and that was like, nothing compared to this. I really thought this was a good one. Lots of funny lines, and the acting was right on the mark. John Goodman is perfect, and the others as well (sorry, don't know their names right off the top of my head). And was that Bill Murray in the first few minutes? I couldn't tell if it was him or one of his brothers.Anyway, yeah, I'd watch this again if it stays as funny as this pilot was.
This show continues to be one of the freshest shows ever--Gavin and Stacey are great--but Smithy and 'Nessa are priceless.
Very well-done...not just the typical Jason Statham action thriller. This one goes a little deeper into a dark underworld and has some adult themes, including romance with a nun. Great character interaction/development.
very well done. the cgi was excellent. story paced well. cannot wait for the next season to begin this coming june.
My 4-yr old watched episode 1 almost five times in a row, she absolutely loves it!- Happy Mom in NY :-)
The history channel was one of the few cable channels left that had not expanded it's horizons into original programing.  They started out the right way with the Hatfields and McCoys mini series and their follow up with this series was amazing.  As with any historical fiction either on book or film, you will have die hard history buffs complaining about the accuracy of the facts, but I say who cares.  I loved this series from the first episode and the entire season did not disappoint.  It wasn't just sword fights and raiding parties, but this story explored the characters in depth making the story not just about action.  I haven't started the second season even though it's hard but plan on watching it all at once, and hope my patience is rewarded.  Loved this show and recommend it to anyone, not just history buffs, action buffs, or drama buffs.  This show has something for everyone.
The stories in season2 continue to be riveting, interesting, and just plain entertaining. The characters remain interesting with great development and interaction with each other. I would highly recommend the Grimm series.
I think I've watched every episode of this series and have found it to be entertaining and I love the characters. I wasn't sure I'd enjoy the updated Sherlock Holmes and Watson but Lucy Liu is wonderful and Jonny Lee Miller is fabulous as the modern day Sherlock Holmes. As another reviewer stated I am SO SICK of so-called "reality" tv shows it's refreshing to find television can still be well written and acted and fun to watch!
this show is surprisingly awesome...always keeps me glued to the screen and Nick isnt bad eye candy either ...i want my own grimm!
I bought this because seasons one, two, three, and four were awesome, and we could not wait for more, we were not disappointed
Since I have never thought premium cable worth the money, I am pleasantly surprised to find this on Amazon Instant Video. While I have had to pay for all episodes of the four seasons, it's been a good value for me.I love having a show that is less than an hour, because I need my sleep!I had low expectations, because I figured that if I'd never heard of it, it wasn't very popular.I was wrong. My Roku together with my Amazon Prime membership has added great value to my life :)
An interesting series to immerse oneself in, as it may [also] lead you to ponder its accuracies with reality...Check it out!
I think we all know that a narrative show based on The Onion will never be everyone's cup of tea. They've already tried it on IFC and it didn't work. Apparently, amazon.com thought they could do better, and they have! This is the kind of show I would hope to see on the internet. The writing was crisp and provocative. The jokes actually made me laugh more often than not. The characters were well-developed and stereotyped, but not so stereotyped that you lose interest. The acting style was appropriately stilted. The fact that Jeffrey Tambor is in it makes me think that he might take over the internet soon with 'Arrested Development" coming back on Netflix. I know that this style of humor and storytelling will not work for everyone, even an internet- based audience, but this is one pilot I could say that I could not wait to see what is going to happen next. With the eventful week the USA has had with the Boston marathon bombing and fertilizer tower explosion, they will not be hurting for material anytime soon. This is the show that HBO's "The Newsroom" wishes it could be. Seriously consider giving this a series-order.
Nothing I hate more than investing time in a show only to have it disappear. Titus Welliver IS Harry Bosch. This series is one of my top ten reads and I read a lot.I am pleased to see it brought to tv. I waited to watch the pilot hoping for more episodes-but decided on this boring Sunday to give it a go. So very glad I did. Nicely done amazon NOW at least give us a date to mark on our calendars for the rest of season 1 and hopefully more to come.
Fun, stylish and clever.  Good ACTING with witty exchanges between the two major characters.  Excellent cast.  Tight PLOTS.  Good series.
I love this show, and this season was one of the best so far. I was extremely satisfied and can't wait for the next season.
One if my favorite shows!  Since I cant't always see it live, I love having it available - commercial free - here!!
I'm a huge Steve King fan and I'm sometimes disappointed by the movie/TV versions of his books.  However, this is one of the ones that works.  If you've read the book, this show is different enough that it will keep you guessing.  There are characters and situations that are not in the book and some (like the mini-dome) are very interesting.  Also, this dome seems to be more &#34;alive&#34; than the one in the book.  If you've ever trapped an insect in a jar, this show will fill you with empathy and regret--and that's not necessarily a bad thing.  Can't wait for Season 2.
I love this teen wolf series, Its just great action,love, and just exciting, if you like werewolfs and other weird things then get these
My child loves this show and is learning from it too.  Definitely worth checking out for your toddlers if  you have any.
What a connection these two actors share. The chemistry and performance of them both offer a truly tantalizing version of our Mr. Holmes. To have it based in the USA was a clever twist and only adds to the show's vibrancy.
I became so engrossed in this twisting and turning mystery that I watched all the episodes in less than two days!!!  I did end up with a bit of a headache and lots of leftover chores that needed to be done.The personalities of all the characters are finely drawn, the mystery is very puzzling, and no one in the piece looked very angelic - just people with ordinary problems and lots of sins.I just warn you, that your chores will have to wait until you have seen all the episodes of years one and two.  Good watching.
I do. I love this show. The dynamic between Watson and Holmes is excellent. Holmes basically trains Watson to be his equal, so their relationship is much more balanced than most Holmes adaptations and I really like that.
Chuck Bartowski's (Zachary Levi) life was going no where fast.  True, he is head of the Nerd Herd at his local Buy More.  But he lives with his sister Ellie (Sarah Lancaster) and her boyfriend Devon (aka Captain Awesome, played by Ryan McPartlin).  His best friend is Morgan (Joshua Gomez), a fellow nerd who also works at Buy More.But things change drastically when Chuck gets an e-mail from former friend Bryce Larkin.  The e-mail contains all the files of the intersect, the complete intelligence files of both the CIA and the NSA.  And, to make things more exciting, Bryce has destroyed the original files.All the information gets downloaded into Chuck's brain, making him a highly valuable government secret.  So valuable that he has two bodyguards, Sarah Walker (Yvonne Strahovski), a CIA agent who pretends to be Chuck's girlfriend, and John Casey (Adam Baldwin), a NSA who moves in next door to Chuck and takes a job at Buy More.Whenever Chuck sees something from the intersect, he flashes on more information.  Unfortunately, these flashes are at random and uncontrollable.  And Los Angeles seems to be a hot bed of activity.  Even with two agents guarding him, Chuck finds himself in over his head with his new life as a spy.  Can he survive and keep his secret?Yeah, yeah, I know what you're thinking.  The premise sounds unbelievable.  And if you stop and think about it, it is.  Fortunately, the show never gives you time to think.  They cram everything into these episodes.  There's action and intrigue, developing storylines involving the intersect and Chuck's past, romance with Sarah that she is not willing to admit is there, and plenty of laughs.  Many of the laughs come from the sub-plots focused on the Buy More.  But we also get laughs from Chuck's reaction to his new world.But in case this all sounds disjointed, let me assure you it works beautifully.  Everything is balanced and blended so that it seamlessly flows from one event to the next.  And the characters are outstanding.  Honestly, that is what holds all of this together.  Even gruff Casey is fun when it comes down to it.If, by some chance, you missed this show when it premiered last fall, correct that now.  You'll be hooked by the time the second episode is over and watching them as fast as you can.  Personally, I can hardly wait for season 2 to start.
Quote from Michelle Simms:  "Oh little one, I have done all that you have done or shall do. Thought of all you've thought or shall think. I am all knowing; I am Michelle."This is a show of Michelle Simms (Sutton Foster), a has-been Broadway girl performing in Vegas where she is swept away by Hubbell Flowers (played by Alan Ruck).  This actress is quite talented.  And I love that the character's name is Michelle.  My family and I even joke about how we both have the same name.When I first watched this it was because it was by the same producers ofGilmore Girls: The Complete First Season (Digipack).  But now that I'm hooked on just the show, I've forgotten about the producers.  And up until now, I didn't pay attention to the actress that played Fanny Flowers.  I didn't compare or think of Kelly Bishop as the same person of Emily Gilmore from "Gilmore Girls."These actresses stand alone just as this show does.  It's not "Gilmore Girls" at all. It's a good show with very talented ballet actors and great choreography."Every day in your house is like a Kristen Wiig Film Festival." - Michelle Simms.
What's not to love?  Hot guys who have man-crushes on each other and have brains to match their pretty faces.
If you are a fan of the humor of Monty Python, it continues in this sitcom starring John Cleese.  The characters around him have their own quirky traits to make things even funnier.  I've watched it over and over and still laugh at the silly conduct of Basil Fawlty and his crew as they try to run a hotel.
It is a wonderful show I enjoy watching it, I look forward to more seasons I hope it happens soon.
This is my favorite show! I live the story line, the characters etc... I didn't like Lenin very much much she's growing on me. Could not stand the characters Ruby and Lynly.  Glad they're gone. I want Zoe and Wade back together though. They're a better fit. Don't like Wade with her cousin.
I like the story which follow a familiar plot line and could go in interesting directions. It's nice not to be able to predict where it's going.
It's been a great series and I highly recommend anyone that's not watched it. I'm sure we'll watch all the seasons over again.
It's smart and funny.  It has jokes/things you wouldn't expect and it totally works.  There aren't that many comedies about teachers, but this one stands out and deserves the green light.I think the main characters are kind of friends because they're either centered around 1 friend and/or because it's one of those situations where you work with them everyday, so you make do with what's available.
The Walking Dead is on the very shortlist of shows I follow on a regular basis. Undead, gore, grimness aside, TWD combines excellent writing, acting, production to form a genuinely outstanding experience. It's worth the time and money to follow it from a reliable source like Amazon Instant Video.
I liked the show in this format and Baker carries off the part excellently.  Really got to not like his choices but was kept interested up to the end.
so good!! and i am so mad they couldnt make more of them due to the death of the writer. im wondering if there's a project in the works to bring in new talent for another season. just as i was getting into it, poof,,like the war itself, good folks dying too early.
I Love Lucy is classic funny, unlike today show. Too bad they don't havr all the episodes. I really like the episode where she does the vitameatvegamin girl and where she offer to be in the italian movie, you know what happens:)
As a retired police officer I love this series.  Spending the majority of my career working in a patrol car and supervising other patrol officers the show depicts the day to day patrol car work very well.  The series does a very good job of showing that stresses placed on police officers as they do their jobs and live their lives.  Some of the episodes strike a little too close the home sometimes.  Great writing and acting.I'm going to purchase the entire series.
A great show. If you followed Dallas the new series is a must !! It is a great mix of  old, grown, and new characters!!!
A very cute show - love the cast!  I hope this show stays around!  The story line is funny - a little out there, but funny.  The cast members are stellar!  I hate it that this show was not renewed!
Combined great artistic and interesting photography with a terrific storyline and the actor who plays the crazed detective is superb.
My husband loves this series.  He has a lot of fun watching it.  He finds the characters engaging and the story line entertaining.
NCIS is one of my favorite shows. The storylines are really good and interesting. I would recommend this series to anyone who is a fan of shows like CSI. I really like this show. I am also looking forward to next week's episode where we get to meet the newest member of the cast and see how she works with the team.
Another fantastic season for Doctor Who. My son and I enjoyed this episode thoroughly.
Series really holds up well. Give it a shot. Grottier than newer series. Has good characters and story plots. The intro music is great.
Started out a little slow - but once it got going it was great!  I would definitely like to see more of this.  Action, mystery, and interesting characters from different backgrounds.
funniest man in America! he has the best way to get a point across AND be funny at the same time.
fresh, innovative, non-violent, law procedural with a twist that is compelling and amusing.  Corporate law has never been so interesting or entertaining.
I hope that this show is never taken off the air.  It's a little corny, but so down to earth.  It is heartwarming.
LT. Kendra is no joke. He is the man!! I love this show. He tells the truth and the way he thinks is such a gift. He has solved a lot of cases that probably would not have been solved if he hadn't been the one working on them. I hope more seasons will be coming. You just have to watch to understand what I am talking about. HE IS THAT MAN!!!!
After watching season 1, I had to watch what would come next and I was thoughly please. In love with Patrick J. Adams
One of the best shows i've ever seen. Im in love with all the acters curt Sutter your awsome OMG don't stop! !!!!
I feel sometimes that this is an under appreciated series. I don't always rush to view  Hannibal recorded episodes on my DVR but when I do get to them I am never disappointed. The writing is superior to many dramas on TV today and the graphics are eye popping. The series detours from the originally written storyline quite a bit while staying true to the horrifying acts committed by Dr. Hannibal Lector. Will Graham, the FBI consultant in pursuit of Hannibal, starts off more as a colleague than an adversary which only adds to the complexity of the story telling. This episode provides a watershed moment for Will as he makes a bold move to end Hannibal's reign of terror..but not without a hitch.
I enjoyed this show from the first one I watched and will continue buying the season DVDs to watch uninterrupted by commercials until they quit making them.
My kids love The Backyardigans. The songs are catchy, and I don't mind listening to them in the car. Who goes there? Who goes there? Who goes...who goes there?
I like futuristic films and was never able to watch this onT.V. as my husband does not and wouldn't watch it. Now I get to watch it on my Kindle.
It would be a true shame to just list this wonderful film as a chick flick... it is truly a GREAT comedy.  You know, the kind that makes you laugh out-loud over and over again.  Anyone will find this movie funny.  Cameron Diaz and Leslie Mann have a blended comic chemistry that plays perfectly, reminiscent of those wonderful favorite comic partners we all know and love.  This movie is so worthy of your time.  Go and see it - you will laugh.  In a movie sea of comic duds - this is A MUST SEE...
Betas is a show about how a group of young people created a start-up company.  The show begins with them only days from going live with the business.  The show tracks four Silicon Valley friends who think they have cracked the code to financial success.  The show stars Joe Dinicol, Karan Soni, Jon Daly and Charlie Saxton.  The show was created by Evan Endicott and Josh Stoddard.My first impression is that I really liked the show.  It takes an inside baseball look at how high tech companies are created.  The show lets you peek behind the curtain of how crazy and risky technology companies can be.  I enjoyed the show and I would definitely recommend it to others.Thank you for reading my review.
This has been an awesome series so far. I am hoping it endures and more of the story line can be told before it looses popularity.
Anymore it seems like it's harder and harder to find shows that you can watch that appeal to audiences of varying ages (adults and children between 2-10).  Duck Dynasty has delivered that for the past 3 seasons and continues now into their 4th.  When we cut the tie to cable/satellite the nicest aspect was being able to buy our favorite shows from Amazon and watch them commercial free and be able to re-watch them from practically any internet connected device.The family dynamic is nice to see and I think the most refreshing aspect, as a viewer, is that while you know that they are all doing exceptionally well... they still appear to be pretty down to earth.  The last thing this world needs is another show about uppity rich people and their spoiled idiot children.  We hope to see at least a few more seasons of the Robertson clan.
We purchased the first season used and it arrived quickly and in great shape and with the correct number and of discs and the correct season one discs included. We just became interested in the show and wanted to catch up by watching previous seasons so we've purchased each season and enjoy watching and rewatching them.
I have Hulu and saw Following last year, as it comes on for a new second season which is great had really pushed me to the fact of wanting to see the details of the characters again in season 1, Please keep this season open ended for a season 3 Kevin Bacon is always a pleasure to watch especially week to week.
gets me laughing after a hard day, shift or even when i've had a good shift or day. so funny
Every episode was engaging.  The story lines were intriguing and left you wondering what would happen next.  The season was successful in that you will want to see what the next season will bring.
A great program for toddlers. Easily followed story lines, pleasant music, relatable characters, nothing that would give nightmares. The animation quality is good.
Gortimer is refreshing.  My 15 year old son and I (52) watched this pilot together.  We were pleasantly surprised!  So many shows today contain sex and swearing.  Although, like most people, we either turn off an offensive show or work hard at ignoring the offense.  Yet, we get tired of working so hard.  I'm so happy to have not been exhausted after Gortimer.We felt the normalcy of &#34;Normal Street&#34;.  There was a laid back kind of feeling.  We thought the characters were believable.  We liked the touch of magic.  We appreciated the higher ground by not swearing.  And, we liked the old fashioned &#34;there's a moral to the story&#34; ending.There is a touch of nostalgia ... Leave it to Beaver ... Eerie Indiana ...kind of feeling.Please, please make more.  It surpasses Disney and Nickelodeon.  It is not sappy nor is it contrived.  Thank you, Amazon!
this show is 100% real. it's simple yet direct and emotional. I love how much courage these people have to tell us their stories of surviving what life has thrown at them.
I never tire for watching I Love Lucy.  It's nice to be able to see some of the later seasons as those are not always played on TV anymore in reruns.
I highly recommend this series. It is a must for anyone who is yearning to watch "grown up" television. Complex characters and plots to keep one totally involved. Thank you Amazin Prime.
What a terrific cast of characters, writing and production. And the music is excellent. C'mon. Hip hop, blues and bluegrass. What's not to love.
This is an outstanding mystery series!  It has many, many sit-on-the-edge-of your seat moments throughout.  We are waiting with bated breath for the next series to be released!  The plots and acting are excellent.
After two seasons of slowly developing its character-based drama, "Battlestar Galactica" come on strong in Season 3 with more intensity.  The same can be said for this first half of Season 4, as literally every single episode crackles with dramatic development, action, and even philosophy.I won't give away any major spoilers here, but this season begins with the aftermath of the Gaius Baltar (James Callis) trial and the miraculous "return" of Kara "Starbuck" Thrace (Katee Sackhoff).  From there, it also deals with the revelation of four of the final five Cylons (and how they deal with that knowledge), as well as a potential human/cylon alliance in order to find Earth.  There is so much going on this season both plot-wise & character-wise that I could write for paragraphs and still not cover it all!  This set also ends with a cliffhanger that you will NEVER see coming (even if you know it is indeed coming).Again, mirroring what I liked about the third season of this show, the beginning of this effort is just as much about the Cylons as it is about the humans.  To me, the human/Cylon relationship has always been the backbone of this show, and this season gets off to a great start by exploring that relationship in even greater depth.Of course, as per usual, the acting and character drama is also incredible.  Each member of the large ensemble cast is given a juicy role (no one is left out), while the show even proves it can survive for a few episodes without a strong Admiral Adama (Edward James Olmos) presence.  We're talking LOST-like character progression (the highest compliment I can give a TV show).Overall, this beginning half of Season 4 continues the strong BSG tradition of crafting intense, character-driven drama that truly makes you care about the participants.  You might as well have 4.5 ready, because you won't want to wait to see what happens next!
Such a great show...I cant believe some of the reviews this show got, and how it only has 4 stars, I read a review that said its just like Charmed or whatever, NO  much, much better, not that I didn't  like Charmed because I do, I won't say to much at all because I sometimes hate when I look at reviews for a show and the person sits there and types the whole damn show and what happens, so anyway Witches of East End is about an Aunt and a mother with her two grown daughters who are all witches, the mother kept a really big secret from the two daughters...that their witches, and it goes on from there, seriously though give this show a try and I promise if you like great shows, then you won't be disappointed!!
I never thought one of my all-time favorite shows would include, at its center, zombies! But this show does not disappoint. Each character is pushed to the limit at every turn. No one is safe. No one is guaranteed a future. Describing this show as a roller coaster ride would be an understatement. But let me tell you -- it is definitely worth the ride!
this show is just hilarious!!! Neil Patrick is just beyond funny!! I love that show!I'm not sure if it's the last season but I'm enjoying it while I can:)
I've been a fervent Stanley Kubrick fan since I saw "A Clockwork Orange" when I was sixteen.  Of all his films I must have seen "Dr. Strangelove" the most.  I saw "The Shining" on opening day in 1980 and loved it.  It was met with mixed critical and commercial reaction.  I remember having impassioned discussions with friends about the merits of the film with most of them partial to Stephen King's source novel.  It's with a little bemusement to me that with the passage of time the film has been re-evaluated with a loyal cult following.  What is it about this screen adaptation by the cinema's greatest artistic visionary of a pop horror novel that resonates with so many?  I don't know if director Rodney Ascher's film allays any of the questions but a lot of theories abound by the experts who provide their observations as snippets of "The Shining" are shown.  The most intriguing are the theories that Kubrick was making an allegorical film about the Holocaust or was transmitting cryptic messages about his role in faking the Apollo 11 moon landing.  What amused most was the elevation of a character, Bill Watson, who was barely in the film.  There is a lot of repetition from these theorists but at one hundred minutes the film doesn't overstay its welcome.  I would rate this film four stars but the supplements make this package indispensable notably a one hour symposium at a Kubrick film festival consisting of Kubrick aid Leon Vitali, film scholar Geoffrey Cocks, Mick Garris, the director of the TV remake of "The Shining", and Ascher.  The back and forth exchanges by this crew is funny and intriguing with Vitali offering the most hilarious input.  It is definitely a prerequisite to have seen "The Shining" to appreciate Ascher's film as well as Kubrick's repertoire.  This documentary serves as something of a parlor game for Stanleyphiles.  It's nonsense that Kubrick inserted subliminal advertising in "The Shining".  Now if you excuse me I have a hankering for some Chicken in a Biscuit.
It is one of my favorite shows on TV.  I can't wait for it to start again on MTV June 23.  It is great that I can watch past seasons on Amazon as their are a lot of things see that I missed last time I watched.  One thing I recently saw was the first time Scott's eyes glow red is in season 1, episode 7 and it only happens for a second when his Alpha who he doesn't know is yet calls him out in the school gym to kill his friends.
I have really liked this series, it is pretty smart and he is just a character!  I love the other supporting actors and actresses, they are all very good and the chemistry seems to work to make the show interesting. I am actually sorry to reach the end!
that the story is based on a real person, makes this show very interesting. I am not sure how anyone can develop such a talent, but it sure makes this show quite entertaining to watch.
I sooo wish this show hadn't been cancelled and had caught on like Dora did. I cannot stand Dora and my toddler loves Kai-lan. She loves the music and animation so much more. Kai-lan is adorable. Our toddler has some crazy mood swings and when we sing Kai-lan's songs about dealing with feelings they REALLY help.
This was a fascinating program for the whole family. It had humorous momemts and was filledWith suspense and intrigue. Great writing and we look forward to the next season !
Although I am older and shouldn't like this type of show I do!!  It is very funny and I am enjoying it very much!
This entire series started off quite slowly with respect to any kind of a story line and I almost dropped it after three of four episodes. DON'T MAKE that mistake.  The story simply takes off after six or seven episodes to the point where I'm binge watching it now.
I like this show.  Is it historically accurate?  Beyond having characters named Queen Mary of Scotland, Francis the Dauphin of France, King Henry, his wife, and lover Diane, no, of course it's not historically accurate, so don't look for that.  I think the acting is pretty good.  I like the plots as well.  It's a nice diversion on a Thursday night. What to look for?  Definitely the dresses the women wear. Are the dresses historically accurate?  No, of course not, but they are stunning! If you want historically accurate, watch some of the great stuff they have on PBS.  So please don't put too much stock in the reviewers who are horrified that a historically based program on prime time television takes liberties with the plot, characters, and dress.  This program is meant to entertain based on a pretty interesting and volatile time in European history, it's not meant to educate you about European history. Sheesh.
They really don't hold back in this show. It's the kinda of show you watch repeatedly. It's really not that graphic either, this makes my top 5 TV shows.
The same could be said for Series 1-4 & 6:  We found ourselves 'rationing' the 3 episodes in the final season.  With our current penchant for sex, profanity and violence, it's hard to describe the overwhelming attraction that Foyle's War evokes.  Michael Kitchen can do more with minor facial movement than most actors could do with a 2-minute diatribe.  Sam, the driver, should have retired the UK-version of Best Supporting Actress.  Truth be told, it's the only TV series I've ever promised myself I would watch again a year or two hence -- that includes Friday Night Lights, the 2nd best.
This is what Sci Fi is all about, investigating how advancing technology effects us while exploring the human condition. Yes, the 'I,Robot' theme has been done before, and this show makes no bones about that, but it is full of humor, tenderness, and the exploration of this particular buddy cop relationship as it unfolds.
I was very glad to see they made the second season and I most definitely hope for a third (same as with Shark series). Damien Lewis is so good that I started buying anything with him in it, just on the basis of the first Life season. Intelligent, funny and well plotted, far from sentimental with a hero who has more inner conflict than the current Batman but turns the opposing forces to his advantage - more of an Aikido disciple than Zen. Or both, probably.There are not that many really intelligent and funny series around (and especially surviving the ratings from your general public) so if you like your shows with lots of action but smart, with really twisted thinking and really good acting thrown in for a huge bonus, do not miss that one.
I love this show! Reminds me of practical magic...& you get to watch it every week:) great story with twists, adventures & it's not gory.
One of the best shows on cable. Not only was it funny but in a way educational as well. Too bad SYFY canceled it.
One of my favorite survivors: likeable and interesting characters, big plays, and plenty of hilarious moments from the Dragon Slayer aka coach aka who knows his birth name.
I ENJOY THIS SERIES. I LOVE IT FOR THE REAL LIFE ISSUES ,  THE LADIES HERE ARE ALL CATTY AND MAKES IT INTERESTING TO SEE HUMAN NAYURE  AT ITS BEST . SOMETIMES  THESE SHOWS DO HELP ONE TO SEE THEMSELVES IN A DIFFERENT LITE AN DCHECK OUR BEHAVIORS  IN OUR LIFE  TEACHING US LESSONS OF WHAT NOT TO DO . TANKS LADIES FOR SHARING
Matthew Bomer as the lead criminal in White Collar definitely carries the season into incredible crime solving. With some humor and danger the season is exciting and attention grabbing. White Collar crime has never been so exciting.
This show is hilarious. So many funny and endearing characters. I hope the subsequent seasons come onto Amazon Prime Instant.
You should watch the first seven seasons of this show to fully understand these characters & their dynamics to be able to fully grasp the humor of this show.
Very exciting.  Great characters and actors that you care about.
If you're tired of the Hollywood fake romantic comedies where two people meet and instantly fall in "love" then try the real thing. Two very decent people meet and build real intimacy, real caring and yes, real love in a very real way---and we get to see it all. It's moving, it's funny, it's real and the many laughs will leave your eyes filled with tears. Remember the buddy scenes in the store in High Fidelity? They're here too, only much better here. What will blow you away will be the honesty and freshness here. If you love romance, real romance, try this. Not for the kiddies or to watch with grandma.
A very interesting and well thought out series. Simon Baker as Jane steals the show. Very intelligently presented and superbly acted, a highly recommended watch
the First 48 shows you that crimes aren't solved like that in CSI. I love how real the show is - you follow the detectives on each case from start to finish. It's dramatic and emotional. I wish they would offer all of the seasons on Prime. do not watch if you have a weak stomach!
Cris and Martin taught my a lot about animals like mimicry and lots of other things it was a lot of fun watching the Kratt brothers in their mission to save the animals!
Gotta love it. Love when they get done swearing and calling each other names, then ok, lets pray. Truly a great show.
It's like Robin Hood and Batman rolled into one.  Of course there is the eye candy for the ladies but enough mystery and action that men will enjoy as well.  A favorite in our house.
Great entertainment, writing and acting are top notch, This show is very smart. It's funny, dramatic, The characters are engaging. The episodes just get better and better as more of each character's back-story comes out.
I loved Fringe.  I loved the way it ended.  However, I really miss seeing it.  When I read about this show, I got really excited.  Only two episodes in and I'm in love with it!  Michael Ealy and Karl Urban have great chemistry together.  Karl Urban plays the role with a little Dr. McCoy, without all the sayings,and a little of his character from RED.  Michael Ealy has brought a whole new personality to a robot;&#62;)  Give this show a chance and I think, you'll love it too.
The imagery and artwork is beautifully done. The pace is exciting without being too overstimulating and frazzling like many of the other kids shows on today. The cartoon show is rather different than others, my kids love the show for it's music and counting skills. As long they enjoy this show as they do with others, I will keep my subs for Prime.
This is absolutely awesome but saddening at the same time.  Love/friendship triangle torn each and every way.  Definitely keeps your eyes glued.
By far one of the best shows on tv! Every episode of every season packs a punch and leaves u begging for more
I enjoyed the show. It was food for thought. It's uplifting to see what a groupis capable of under adverse  conditions.
The cast in London Hospital is first rate.  The realistic presentation of how miserable life was for the poor and how injuries and disease were treated in the 19th century makes one appreciate the advances in medicine that are available today.
Never a dull moment with Josh and his gang. Josh is hilarious and it has rubbed off onto the rest of the crew. The unique thing about Destination Truth are their travels, places I haven't even heard of. They go with what they find, no more no less.
&#34;I'm not a sociopath. Just smart enough to think like one.&#34; That line comes early on in the movie Anna, spoken by the title character as interpreted brilliantly by Taissa Farmiga. Where did she come from? Anyway, what happens next is that George Dorado, Guy Holmes and their creative team deserve a better budget, because if Inception had told a story like this one it would have been a movie people loved and gave awards to. This is just a brilliant thriller with just the lightest shade of a science fiction premise&#8212;that there exist a group of psychics who have created the profession of &#34;memory detectives&#34;, visiting the memories of those who seek help. You have to watch the movie to see how this simple premise blossoms into an unforgettable story. You'll thank me.
These two performers continue to turn out crisp, fast-paced witty episodes. I only wish Network TV was of such quality, oh well. Love these two nuts and their take on Portland culture, makes me want to visit Portland and Slabtown, where I used to work.
...and I don't mean that in any bad way.  This is a quality I love about Leverage.I caught an episode on TV a while back (the one about horse racing) and was neither over nor underwhelmed.  I thought it was ok, but I had other shows to watch, and this wasn't going to fill the top spot by any means.  I thought I saw what they were trying to do, and appreciated it, but I questioned the execution somewhat.Yet it kept popping up on my radar, so I Netflixed S1, and wow, what an error in judgement.  The pilot is phenomenal, and since then, I can't really hate on any episode.  They are so well written, and so well acted, that each is like a mini-movie, which really exemplifies my theory about where entertainment is growing and expanding, on TV, not in the theater.As each episode fleshes out the cast more and more, as a viewer I had really strong buy-in in only a few episodes.  There's nothing on here that you couldnt let the whole family watch, yet there is a maturity about the show that is very subtle.  You dont have to see Christian Kane kill someone to know he CAN.  The whole cast has a mystery about them, and often nuances about the characters are revealed to surprise and appreciation.  As much as you know about the members of Leverage, Inc., you get the impression there is a whole world of things still left to learn.Its clear there is a large amount of homage being paid to the Ocean's movies, but Leverage also makes its own luck and S1 is really one of my favorite shows I've seen.  Its not always 100% believeable, but its always 100% entertaining.
One of the funniest shows ever, but warning... it is BIY funny your wife will hate it/not get it, watch it with your bros
Well done show, I love the drama and all the music in the show. It is a classic young verses old school with music and what it takes to rise to the top.
The only flaw is that although alien languages are present, EVERY ONE speaks American English.  Even the British actress who is superb in her role as Tarr's wife, does not betray a trace of her background.  Special effects fit very well into the story, Except for Razor Rain which hits the ground almost vertically, but comes down at a very shallow angle through the sky.  I hope that NBC carries this for another season on SyFY
Zooey Deschanel is my favorite. She's freaking hilarious and so is the guy that plays Nick Miller. This show makes me laugh so hard!!
This show is one of my all time favorites!  It's just fun to watch.  I admit, I have had marathon binges on more than one occasion!  Great stories and good laughs!
I give season five five stars because it is my favorite British comedy. I would recommend it to anyone who likes British comedy.
The acting is terrific and all so real.  Good and bad things happen just like in real life.  Good sense of humor thrown in and love all of the characters.  Have recommended this series to my family and friends.  I'm sure they will love it as much as I do.
Charlie is awesome! Loved this show - wish it would have continued! Thrilled to find it on Amazon Prime and watch every episode.
This 9th season continues the fabulous tradition of excellence expected from this show.  The Winchester boys are back with all the twists and turns.
I started watching this series on a whim with Netflix. I became addicted and so happy they decided to do another season. We stream all our shows and love Amazon gives you the choice to watch the next day after it has aired. This show has a lot of depth to it and it is dark at times, but Holder is my favorite character. A show worth watching!
Man, is Kate a cutie. Fishing and hunting, trapping, the true Alaskan native survival living. Wish I could go up there and leave all this stress behind. Rock on Yukon men.
I have watched the Big Bang Theory since it first started.  Time after time I have watched the season re-runs.  Just as funny!  There is nothing on TV like this show and it is at least kind of clean, for todays standards!
I have found this series to be addictive to watch. I bought a TV pass which makes the episodes a lot cheaper. Because of the internet speed that we have in my area I went for the SD over the HD which shows up just as good on my HD TV.
My husband an I love this reality series. We have gotten attached to these hard working real people. So interesting to see how they live and work in the swamp. The Dvd series arrived on time and good quality. Priced right. The whole series cost less than many single videotapes.
The overall look (lighting, cinematography) of the show is great. The werewolve makeup relies too too much on sideburns and contact lenses.  The scripts, while slightly meandering, keep the intensity up to make you want more. Since the show is geared for the young MTV aduience, the cast is of course beautiful, but manage to hold their own. A very good sci-fi series which is a rarity.
Great acting, costumes and of course story line (since they used real life, not made up situations).  it is amazing how much they knew about trauma way back then.  You will enjoy this!
Covert Affairs is a favorite of mine!!  Maybe my favorite show.  The Actors & acting is top notch!!!  Never take it off the air, ok,
Fast-paced, well written and acted characters. Includes memorable characters and story lines. Hard to stop watching once you have started!
Good Guys, Bad Guys, nobody is quite what they seem. great ups & downs. all of the deception & deceit, where will it end !
This is a great saga of a famous man in the Vikings era.  It's filled with intrigue, treachery, action, and adventure.  The characters also have their idiosyncracies...like them or not.  Excellent storytelling and highly recommended.
"Parenthood, Season One". . . .I had started watching "Parenthood" when it first broadcast in 2010, but got distracted by another show - "The Wire," perhaps? - and it fell off my radar after the first few weeks. Recently while hitting a lull in my binge-watching, I heard a glowing review on NPR of the series, which praised the ensemble cast and mentioned that the series had been created by producer Jason Katims, who was also the creative force behind the "Friday Night Lights" series. That got my attention.  So, I decided to go for it, and delve into "Parenthood" as well.Having just finished Season 1-3, I am definitely hooked, though there are a few minor details that keep getting in the way.The show is generally pretty strong... Although new plot elements are sometimes introduced with a slightly forced feel ("Haddie will now have a black boyfriend. Amber will develop an Attitude Problem.") and are often dropped rather quickly ("Things are OK now.") Probably this is more a reflection of the difference between writing for a weekly TV audience, as opposed to viewers who binge-watch entire seasons on DVD - three weeks as opposed to three hours makes a big difference in how story arcs play out, and whether they "feel real" or not.Overall, though, the show is remarkable for its depth and honesty in exploring an amazing range of topics, showing a frankness about the difficulties of parenting, of negotiating sexuality and romance at a variety of ages, and about mental health and disability issues such as substance abuse and autism, all dealt with with a frankness that is surprising for network TV.  Even with its occasional dramatic flaws, the show has a profound authenticity: like many viewers, my wife and I often found ourselves nodding and saying, "yep! that happened to us!"A universal theme among the large cast is of discovering and re-shaping one's identity, an issue that comes up at every age on a variety of fronts: teenagers test boundaries and take risks, parents set boundaries and often make mistakes, retired couples find that old issues still need to be ironed out, and can put even seemingly rock-solid relationships at risk. For each character new choices come up constantly, challenging established self-images and social roles. The ramifications of "parenthood" are explored in every generation, on a variety of levels: the youngest children innocently mirror their parents while teenage siblings are constantly in conflict with these same parents and struggle to establish their own autonomy, while the four grown-up siblings in the Braverman family are perpetually tested by parental responsibilities, and even by their relationships to their own parents. Meanwhile, Grandma and Grandpa have their own roles to play for all these children and grandchildren, and even their own issues with their own parents. (In one poignant episode, the family patriarch, played by Craig T. Nelson, agonizes about his need to connect emotionally with his own distant, disapproving 86-year old mother: it never stops, really.)My criticisms mostly have to do with the show's choice of locale: supposedly this is all taking place in Berkeley, California, a city I am quite familiar with. Why Jason Katims decided to place the show there is a little mysterious, given his apparent lack of knowledge about the town. To start with, "Parenthood" is constantly geographically challenged when it comes to Berkeley and the Bay Area: one night the teenagers sneak out to go to a fraternity party "across the Bay," which is ridiculous, since all the frat houses are here in Berkeley, not in SF or Marin. Likewise in another early episode, one kids' parents have to drive to Fremont (which is like fifteen miles away, all horrible freeway driving) to pick up a birthday cake, which is nuts since there are dozens of great bakeries in Berkeley itself, a town that is possibly the food snob capitol of America. (The long drive was just a plot device to get the parents out of the party scenes...) Visually it's all wrong as well: the show is not actually filmed in Berkeley, and characters frequently refer to locations that don't exist, such as "the corner of College and 8th" while exterior shots -- street scenes, houses -- almost always look like LA. (On occasion you can spot LA landmarks in the background, such as the Caioti pizza restaurant in Laurel Village... Likewise, there are frequent scenes of busy intersections with strip-mall backgrounds that you simply don't see in NIMBY-centric, no-growth Berkeley.)Of course, that's all small-ball nitpicking to most viewers - the differences between urban planning in Northern California vs. Southern California don't mean much to viewers in Iowa, but the show also has a big problem thematically. "Berkeley" is often used as a pop-culture shorthand for something "weird" or alterna and totally out of the mainstream, for ethnic diversity and political activism.  But there is very little in "Parenthood" that merits such a distinction. Yeah, there are two interracial couples and one family has a kid with Aspergers, but it's not like that stuff isn't happening pretty much everywhere in America anyway.Meanwhile, in supposedly wacky, alterna Berkeley, we see practically no people of color other than the two African-American love interests. A couple of Asian-Americans have cameos as teachers or school parents, one Latino guy who works in a warehouse semi-dates one of the Braverman sisters, but vanishes after a couple of episodes. In Season Three we finally have one Latina woman with depth emerge - a pregnant, working-class teenager who offers to let one of the couples adopt her baby -- but her character is semi-stereotyped and meanwhile no Latinos or Asian-American professionals seem to be in the Braverman orbit. Really? This big, hip Berkeley family and they don't have *any* friends who are people of color, other than the two black people they fall in love with? For real?Of these two love interests, the character of Jasmine, played by Joy Bryant, is by far the strongest: she emerges as a fully-formed, multi-dimensional person, fluent and comfortable in both "black" and "white" culture, and seems like a completely authentic, realistic, contemporary Bay Area person. Jasmine exists as an unapologetic equal to the other characters in the predominantly white cast and she's never given any stupid, forced, stereotypical issues that revolve around her race -- she doesn't preach about race issues, she doesn't have a drug problem or a chip on her shoulder about anything, she doesn't go through any of the same-old tiresome motions of black-culture-as-seen-by-Hollywood.  It's very refreshing.In contrast, the kid-from-the-hood Alex, as played by Michael B. Jordan (an alumnus of "Friday Night Lights") is disappointing. He dates the high-school aged Haddie, and while their courtship provides a foil for the questionable overreactions of Haddie's parents, the relationship goes nowhere. Alex is a big bundle of troubles -- though amazingly polite and a perfect gentleman, he is economically disadvantaged, a recovering alcoholic, and so morally pure and self-sacrificing that he finally breaks up with Haddie rather than drag her down with his own real-world worries, just as she's just starting out on her own life. Their relationship had glimmers of great potential - it would have been so cool if the writers just made it work out, rather than have it turn into some big over-the-top melodrama, but the show's producers weren't able to hit that particular note of restraint. Oh, well.Finally, I have a big, big, big problem with the fact that, having finished the third season, we still haven't seen one single gay or lesbian character on the whole show, not even a random gay parent at any of the public and private schools the various Braverman kids attend. "Oh, but this is a show about parenting," some may say. "Why would you have gay characters on a show like that?"  Um, hello?  2014 calling. Not all parents are heterosexual. Your show is supposedly set in Berkeley. This is your big chance to "be Berkeley": there are nothing BUT gay parents in Berkeley, California. So where are they on "Parenthood?" Seriously: WTF?Overall, though, this is an excellent series which explores a wide range of contemporary family issues, and though the orientation is pretty lily-white and upper-ish middle-class, many of the themes are fairly universal and may strike a chord with a wide range of viewers. In particular, the portrayal of Max, an adolescent boy with Asperger's syndrome, is a breakthrough for mainstream television, and may be a comfort to families coping with various kinds of autism or other behavioral spectrum disabilities. Max's diagnosis was a central focus of Season One, and slips in and out of focus in S2 and S3. While the writers could probably hammer it home a little bit more, they don't shy away from the very real and very difficult issues at hand.Producer Jason Katim's child apparently has Aspergers, so there are scene here that will ring true because they are true: I think these may resonate mostly with families that have similar issues. While I understand the impulse to underplay some of the heartbreaking dysfunctions in order to make the show "play" better for a mainstream audience, I think ultimately it might be stronger dramatically to show even more of Max's problems. This is particularly true of his outbursts and tantrums, a problem that has more to do with neurology (wiring) than with "bad parenting" which is what folks on the outside often think is happening. Still, seeing these issues portrayed realistically on network TV is pretty profound, and remains one of the elements that makes "Parenthood" stand out. Also, there are lots of great performances, with my personal favorites being actors Joy Bryant, Bonnie Bedelia, Sam Jaeger, Mae Whitman, Tina Lifford, Max Burkholder and Jason Ritter, pretty much in that order. And Craig T. Russell's performance as the grandad is also a nice surprise. It's a good show - if you're on the fence, check it out. (DJ Joe Sixpack, professional windbag, ReadThatAgain reviews)
I've loved NCIS since the first show of the first season. I've not missed one yet and I own every season on DVD. When I'm feeling crappy, I have a NCIS Marathon and eat tacos and ice cream!  haha.  I love Emily Wickersham (playing Ellie Bishop) this season. Sure we all miss Cote de Pablo as Ziva, but Emily is making her Character work. I look forward to watching her grow with the team. Never a bad show.
The casting is great. The writing is great. The characters are great. The acting is great. Their voices are all great. Exceptional TV. Exceptional work.
I just happened upon this series and have really enjoyed it. I hope they continue to make many more seasons.
The stars in Covert Affairs are well chosen and believable.  The show is full of suspense and never boring or predictable.  Haven't missed a show yet.  Highly recommend to those who enjoy this type of drama.  Look forward to each and every episode.
I don't know what keeps me watching this series, because I know the outcome. I truly enjoy the actors' performances. I've not heard of any of them. The story lines are always good vs. evil, but the journey from one side to the other is always interesting. .
I suddenly got addicted with this amazing series, so when I saw season 1, I thought it was perfection: it had a little bit of drama, horror and crazy twists. But now that I got to see season 2, I fell in love completely with this show! Season 2 (also known as "Asylum") delivers great storylines; there's always something happening with all the characters, amazing performances, and the factor that makes you want more when an episode ends! Also, there's more gore and insanity on this season, so if you can't stand blood or human organs, you may not enjoy this season as much as season 1, that was a little bit more psychological and less gory, but in my case, I don't mind.But the best part of this is the cast! I love the way they use most of the main actors on this show and they always find a perfect role for everyone, I think it shows their versatility; Jessica Lange (the best part of this show, she can play anything!), Lily Rabe (who thought that she could play a spiteful woman after playing the moaning Nora in season one?), Evan Peters (an actor with a great future waiting for him) and Sarah Paulson (who didn't had a really big role in season one, but she became my favorite character of this season, she's an amazing actress and you believe her acting when she cries, or when she's in pain), overall there's no bad actor in this show, everyone acts amazingly. You get to love characters when you're supposed to hate them (possessed Sister Mary Eunice, and Sister Jude), something that happens rarely, in my opinion, that's how awesome this show is.As I write this, I haven't finished season 2 (I have only seen 10 episodes of 13), but I can tell this is another great season for this show that is here to stay for a long time! "American Horror Story" is one of the best shows of this decade. I'm still watching Season 3 (Coven), which is being great too!
I was sorry to see this TV series end because it seemed as if I knew the characters personally and thus wanted to know where else the road of life would lead them.
Raylan does bad things for good reasons all the time.  Well acted, great writing and unbelievable  characters.  Sorry to see it end after this season.  Would suggest going back and watching all of the episodes.  Wish it would continue.
Finally something to watch! Please air more episodes of this show, I am already hooked and want more! This is by far more interesting than some of the other amazon 'Pilots' I watched which were decent, but easily forgettable. More Mozart!
This is one of the funniest shows on TV. If you were a fan of Sports Night, Entourage, or play any fantasy sport you will enjoy this show. Top notch comedy!
Man, this movie keeps you guessing, builds great tension, and has some of the best moments I've seen all year. There is no nudity and nearly no violence, but that doesn't stop it from being an absolute thrill ride. America made movies like this once upon a time, but at least Australia and other foreign countries can still produce good, edgy, thoughtful drama.
This is a very exciting, thrilling show.  Nice to have it available online as I had missed most of the season from regular TV.
I have a 9 year old and 3 year old who loved this series. Both girls could not wait to watch episode after episode. This is the first time I have seen these girls be still that long ever! Great way to present different types of art to young ones.
I love this!! Cool, many possible turns of events.  GREAT acting, plot development, character development and ending.  Love it.  I can't wait for more episodes! Kudos!!!!
a near chick flick with two BEAUTIFUL ladies and good actresses . fun to watch and so on and so forth
My husband and I have watched season one several time, just love these guys. Purchased a couple of episodes of season two, they were great, but think its a shame they aren't available for free on Prime.  Feels like a rip off - get you excited about the show and then charge you AGAIN to watch more. But a great show.
this show is amazing so addicting i'm on the edge of my seat during each and every episode keep up the good work
I found it very interesting. I was confused at first, but like all mystery movies the pieces fell together. I love this movie because of the actors. They did an amazing job at keeping me in the story.
I find Haunted Collector a refreshing alternative to the Ghost Hunter, Paranormal State and Ghost Adventures. Because most of them deal with the ghost or spirit directly where the Haunted Collector tries to find a source of the haunting. I find it very enlightening to have them discover objects that are truly haunted. It teaches us many things about how our body's have energy that can transfer to objects or stay in a space. Its not always a direct haunting as many of these items I think create a residual haunting. But never less the Haunted Collector does his best to solve the haunting for his client. This is a very professionaland get down to business show. They do not try and hype it up or make it more then what it is. Even the non believers would have the at least question some of the things that have happened on the shows.
Some really great episodes in this season.  The characters really develop in unexpected ways and a serial killer that is more than evil, and seemingly harder to catch.
Am enjoying the entire series - once you get into the characters, you just want more.  Came to me quickly and in great shape.
This show is excellent, the characters are excellent actors.  With the exception of Joshua Jackson, however, even his chops start to develop through the show.  I even feel a sense of loss after completing all five of the seasons, because the show is THAT good.  Its the little engine that could.  The guy who plays Walter is an excellent actor.  As is Anna Torv. Both of them riveting.
This is a really great TV series and I really enjoyed the many twists that kept me guessing throughout the episodes--and guessing wrong most of the time. I've always wanted to be a lawyer, among many other professions, and I immediately picked up this series upon seeing it at the Duty Free shop at Heathrow International Airport.This series exposes the world of litigations, and how they operate.  The whole season is about a class action lawsuit targeting one of the wealthiest CEOs (Chief Executive Officer). When lawyers try to win at all cost, lives and fortunes are lost. Is it worth it all? Are lawyers angels or demons in disguise? How far would we go for money? Is money worth destroying the lives of others? Are secrets worth killing for? Would we kill for money? How much money is enough? What is the price of betrayal, and when is betrayal ethical? These are just a few of the questions you will be asking yourself as you go through this series.The way the series is structured is that it shifts between past events and future ones. I did find this system to be confusing at times, but it does have its merits.This is a fast paced series. The acting is superb and the episodes are very well written and believable. The ending is spectacular, and unanticipated. I can't wait for season two.
This is a show based on Alice in Wonderland. It takes on what happens after Alice gets out of the rabbit hole, or does she ever get out of it? It portays her as a young adult. The graphics are outstanding, the costumes are lovely and it looks like a dedicated team of production is hands on here. The acting is very good and sincere. It spans from modern days to the days of Alice adventures. The first episode starts as a mixture of fantasy and drama. It's very intriguing and well worth checking out. Something tells me this show will be a winner. I'm already hooked.
The Four pretty ladies are once again fight and turning to discover who the person ---A---is. There's more suspence more nerve racking stories and something new at every turn.
I gave this rating due to a lot of reasons, one being the level of excitement to keep you wanting more, the other for how the series so far turned out.
I got a lot more out of this show than I expected. It had me a nervous wreck through each episode, my husband as well which is saying alot for any show. I have no clue why they never made more episodes, the show is amazingly good. They should really consider bringing it back. The few episodes released leaving you wanting more. It is so good I know I will re-watch them quite a few times.
I must admit I watch a lot of these shows. But, I do find the Paranormal Witness to be one of my favorites. This episode, by far, is one of the scariest things I have ever watched! I do find that there are even some questions that still do need to be answered and I hope that after this airs, a serious paranormal team investigates this building and reports its findings. Hope you enjoy......
Because we're no longer amazed by this show, responses have been pretty tepid this season.  But it's still the best thing on TV.  The trajectory of Don Draper is beautifully done, and, while increasingly somber (how nice that a character is treated seriously!), Mad Men never sacrifices wit or invention.
Very intriguing, another FX drama that you don't want to stop watching- you get hooked fast and beg for more.
I only just noticed that Season 2 of Little Bill was available, and immediately watched it (this time, my son wanted it...in a few months time he will be 4 years old).  In my opinion this show continues to be the best &#34;TV&#34; program for my son...I'm thrilled that Bill Cosby created this very warm, family-friendly, non-commercial, and ofcourse, non-violent series for young children.  At this stage of my young son's life, everything is a teacher...he is a sponge, soaking in all to which he is exposed.  No better teacher than the the &#34;real - life lessons&#34; offered in Little Bill.  The only difference that I note in Season 2 is that its somehow 'already familiar,' the episodes are all different but the novelty of being a first encounter has changed.  However, that does not take away from the quality of the show.
To me, and i have seen his concerts.  Chris Rock is the best comedian on the planet. Tosh is easily second in comedy for me. the guy is fast on his feet, just as fast as rock if not faster. he hits topics hard and nothing is out of bounds.  chris rock will talk about the pope to rape, molestation, to anything that comes to his mind. Tosh is no different. The topics are different. Tosh really engages the audience and you feel apart of what he is doing.  I love the show. Love his stand up.  I  did not get hooked right away.  but when i  did, now rock and tosh are an addiction for me now.  give it a try. but you have to have flexibility in your humor.  or you will not like this show.  they take the most disgusting things on the internet and its even hard for me to watch. people getting hurt, and stuff with food, and just plain stupidity.  its all there for a great laugh.  5 stars all the way.
Really like this show.  It's about a woman who takes over for her deceased husband, who was killed.  The husband owed the &#34;wrong&#34; people and now these people have enlisted the wife to assume his role.  It turns out she is better at it, than he was.  Strong group of actors on the show.
I never get tired of watching this one. Such a good story and the acting....wow. Although a very old movie, this is one that got me watching other oldies.  Very, very good!!!!!
I like this show.  Always interesting and exciting.  It has no bad language, unlike many other shows out there.
I looked forward to every episode and it's wonderful to watch the episodes without those pesky commercial interruptions.  I wish more seasons were available with my Prime Membership.  I miss the warehouse gang.
It's hard to get hooked on a show with just one episode, but with this, having watched just 30 minutes is enough to entice you. It's a satirical take on how today's Media is controlled by big corporations and "the wealthy few" (as if you had doubts). It's humorous, witty, and full of twisted characters that make you go "WTF LOL".Also, the humor of this show reminds me of Naked Gun. Awesome!P.S. Pun intended, of course.
really like this show  it is about poor little vampires , werewolves and ghosts trying  being  human having technical problems with that. well written lots of comedy and good story line  definitely recommend a show to watch.
This is a good show, hope they can keep up the great writing.  Harvey and Mike are great together, glad they're back.
The whole Howard in Space thread ise a very funny one, with Howard finding himself in the astronautic equivalent of High School, being picked on by NASA astronaut Mike Massasmino, who does a wonderful job of creating a character here. Meanwhile Penny is conflicted, Leonard is clueless, and the Amy and Sheldon relationship continues to develop in its own strange way. Plenty of laugh out loud moments.
I just think it's really a good show that keeps getting better.  It is great that I can watch past seasons on Amazon as I often see things I missed before.
We decided to get off satellite TV and still wanted to get our favorite Series, so are buying them by the season.  much cheaper than paying for channels we don't watch.  We enjoy the interaction between the main actors on White Collar, and look forward to the next season.
Loved being able to watch these &#34;crazy&#34; pageant moms again. Very glad I bought it. I want to buy every episode.
My two year old freezes in place when we put yo gaba gaba on. Then he mimics DJ Lance's dance moves. Great show!
Great writing, believable story line. Great characters, each developed and evolved. Great acting, each done well. An interesting look into a possible future.
This is a very well written show with really good acting. The story lines are amazing. Most shows fizzle out in year two, but this one from the beginning has stayed strong and interesting. If you are into story lines, and real good character acting this show is for you. I would suggest starting with Season One Premier and if you like it go from there.
I was sad to see the Closer end, but this show,"Major Crimes" can hold its own and each week it gets better.
I was surprised i started to watch this show is it's completely out of my arena. The characters are real life and all have very interesting personalities. So interesting are the people, i've gone of to google and read about certain characters. I'm hooked and it's always nice to watch from a warm bed and not freeze and work as hard as they do.
One word:  WOW!  I am and will always be a HUGE fan of the original BBC version; so it was with LOTS of trepidation that I decided to give the US version a chance.  Boy am I glad I did.  I really feel this show is as good as its UK counterpart, just different in many different ways.  There are very similar storylines as this show begins, but they vary enough to keep it fresh and interesting.  The actors in this series are brilliant and give a depth of emotion to their characters and play well off each other.  I can't wait for season 2 to start.  I love both the UK and US version equally, something I didn't think was possible.  Way to go SYFY....you truly aced this show and surprised me!!
They have done an excellent job transisitioning from &#34;vested&#34; Jane to not and away from the Red John tar baby to more varying plots with more depth.
This was a neat first show with it's little twists and suspense. I'm also glad about the the Booth/Bones relationship and I'll say no more as it would be a spoiler. Good show and I'm looking forward to the rest of season 9. I see Pulant (sp) sticking his ugly little head up in one of the next two episodes. I sleep a lot so before I know it I'll be watching episode 2.
Historical value. I've actually sent history students home to watch this one. Even the weapons are well thought out for this series.
Not really a plot spoiler, since we have it developed in the first episode of the second part of series 7, where the doctor is basically stalking her, where there is fixed points with the first two incarnations of her as the 'shuffle girl", Oswin, and then as the governess (Miss Montague)Clara, preventing him from investigating them.This seems to be the thread developed in these subsequent episodes, of the doctor taking opportunities such as the 'empath' to discover secrets about who Clara 'really' is.
The fourth season was great! Just like the television series but without the commercials and pop-ups. The commentaries were great. I just wish the people that make decisions would have ended it differently.
burn notice is one of favor tv shows glace is have a final show.  i have all the others seasons
Love how they bring in Mossad, Some of the best episodes are how they play off this. Great series Love it
This show is not slowing down. This is the modern cowboy without doing it cheaply. One might not believe Kentucky hillbilly crime would have more than one season's expression but this show finds a way.
Bought the Book from the desert man, great information for survival, things we all should know who live in Earth Quake country or fire country.
I know not everyone likes violence so this show has that limitation.  However, that being said, I love the cast of characters and the actors that portray them, especially Raylan, Boyd and Dewey.
The 1st  season of Cranford was absolutely outstanding with complex  characters adapting to changes in their lives.  There were some oddly dumb moments, but for the most part,  it was very very  good.  I was  eager to see how the relationships played out in the next  season.  What a  huge disappointment.The Return to Cranford  is tooooooo  different.  The characters have changed,  the sets are silly,  the story is extraordinarily  STUPID.  A total waste of time and money.
This show was based on TRUE methods of determining/detecting the veracity of a spoken statement - micro-muscle twitches, raised eyebrows, etc.  It was fascinating to watch "the team" read the lies on people's faces.  It was well-written and acted.  I can only believe that those who did not want to have it continue on the air are those who regularly lie and did not want to teach others how to catch them.  I am thrilled to have the series forever, even though I would love to see more episodes.
Some shows, as they progress seem to loose confidence, but this show maintains a quality script with different episodes that entertain and inform.  Highly recommended.
Tom Stoppard as the writer with this amazing cast is breathtaking and brilliant! Anyone who enjoys style pieces will fall in love with this HBO/BBC miniseries.
Some very strong character development from all the actors. It is a pleasure to watch something that doesn't bill itself as &#34;reality TV&#34; yet continues to make me believe in what's happening.  Keep up the good work!
My favorite season by far. There is so much more depth to everyone and the backstory for each character is incredible.
Having played clarinet, oboe and saxophone in the past, I really enjoyed watching the performances. It's really difficult to audition with reed instruments and whoever was playing was brilliant. I'm hoping to see the love story of Alex and Hailey (what a great play on names) blossom. More please.
Finally a fabulous story and great music!!! I own the CD's and enjoy them all the time.  Great cast and twists
This show always makes me smile. I never turn it off. I actually met Doogie Houser ( & Alyson Hannigan) the dude on the show- at a party in LA- but I didn't recognize him because of his blond Afro wig. It's a long Buffy Vampire Slayer story. LOL! Ahh, my misspent youth.Anyway, I look forward to more appearances by Robin Sparkles. Please, God! &#34;Sandcastles in the Sannnddddd!&#34; I'm from WI, and her Canadian background never fails to resonate with me, as an honorary Canadian myself (shut up, it's totes true if you're from WI, dagnabbit).How do you get 100 Canadians to leave a room?Ask politely!
My grandchild loves looking at all the episodes, and interacts with Diego where appropriate!  Highly recommended for Diego fans and their siblings as well!
I LOVE this show to death!  The guys that work there plus the unique items and history you get while watching!  Great show!  I wish there were more seasons for free viewing on amazon prime though!
Honestly, I think Clara Danes is beautiful. My wife died about 6 years ago and Clara looks like her. Pathetic I know, but in a weird way it's like having her back for 60 minutes. The storyline is excellent, I'm ex military and find it somewhat insulting at times. Things aren't what the TV says, it ain't like that. They freaking hate us with a passion I have never seen before. So I'm on our side.
Nonstop action.  Fascinating PLOTS all interwoven during the course of a day.  Top notch ACTING of fully believable and  intriguing characters.
I know other reviewers have said season 8 isn't as good, but we're still laughing our butts off and enjoying Sunny. These guys are still doing a good job and we're glad they keep on coming back with more.
We need more programs like this that show a real Christian family. The ideals and values displayed on this show is what makes The United States the great nation it is today... we need less Jersey Shore and more Duck Dynasty!
I heard last season that Parenthood wasn't going to be renewed.  I was so upset.  Finally a good show that I could look forward to watching each week and talking about with my friends.  I love it so much that since there are too many conflicts on my DVR--someone in my house records every reality show known to man--I purchased a season pass through Amazon and as each new episode comes it, it is added to my library.  No remembering to try to get it taped on the DVR, it's just there for my viewing pleasure whenever I want it.  I think this is the way TV should be.Thanks, Amazon!Robyn T
Covert Affairs is an enjoyable series with a woman lead character. The supporting cast make an entertaining program seem totally believable. Where else can a very light weight woman beat off men and women and not sustain one scratch?
No Happy ending..Good job pulling storylines together. Left me wondering where the story will lead to next season looking forward to it
I am a dinosaur when it comes to TV.  There are so few TV shows today that I like.  The format for today's shows bores me.I still use an antenna and had never seen this show. When it was syndicated a friend told me I had to watch it.  I was hooked immediately!  What a great show!  The writing is excellent, the cast is brilliant.  Whoever cast that show deserves an award!  Since I don't have cable I have not seen Season 5 yet and can't wait for it to come out on DVD.
Great Show. It is a struggle to keep the momentum going. Not sure all the new people (Scotty) is the way to go. But I will keep watching.
This is still one of my favorites.  This is a show I can watch over and over.  I love well written shows that have the perfect amount of humor.  This is one you cannot go wrong with!
I really enjoyed this Season, it seemed like more suspense. I also liked the shows where Danny's daughter is in. She is really growing up.
I've watched this show from the beginning and it is always mesmerizing. Love the stories, the whole cast meshes beautifully. It is a little rough and tumble (sometimes, a lot) but that just adds to the story line and helps define the characters. While our hero, Raylan Givens (Timothy Olyphant) is my favorite character, I have found I have come to like some of the bad guys as well. Boyd and Ava Crowder come to mind. Take a look!
I gave this series 5 stars because of the actors the way the story was told.  It was very informative and I just had to watch it all the way through.  I knew these was powerful men but I did not realize how powerful they were until this series.  They did have a major role but it cost them.  I like history and I really like to know about the United States I am living in and how some important men changed all of that.  I could not find anything I dislike about the series.
I watched the first season and found it to be enjoyable. The second season turned me off so I did not continue. I tried the first episodeof season four and found it as exciting as season one. The writers of season four did an excellent job. It is well worth your time to watch. Sit back and enjoy.
I love this show so of course I am buying all of the seasons to it. It came as described. I have no complaints.
From the very first episode, we were hooked. Had to have the 1st and the 2nd seasons as soon as they were released!
I have been waiting for new episodes ever since the last episode of Volume 9 aired. For some reason I cannot get enough of this show. I just can't.Anyway, if you like the previous volumes/seasons/shows then you will continue to like this volume/season. Unfortunately, it is still only 1 show a week, but it is still an hour. personally I would like to see more shows and more shows per week.Still great and still worth the wait.
One of my fav shows
I loved this show when it first came out. As soon as we hit the season where there are multiple of all characters I lost interest. Simply because I couldn't keep up with who was who from which time. I have seen a few of the newer ones & am glad to see that multiple worlds may be a thing of the past. Anyhow..I still give it 5 stars because it deserves them, it's not their fault I can't keep track.
My 2 yr old daughter just loves them.  The songs are catchey.  Both my husband and I find ourselves singing along.  It is an educational show that is easy to get into with them.
Young Justice isn't quite up to the standard of Justice League Unlimited. It lacks that show's Iron Age political consciousness. But truthfully, that's the absolute worst thing you could say of it.Like all the best superhero cartoons, this show is as not just a series, but a serial. It's a show where a large scale story arcs are gradually built up over the course of a whole season - and indeed, not only within each season, but between the seasons. I say "like all the best", because that's the format that's always seemed best able to bring out the more adult side of the superhero genre. It not only allows for more sophisticated plot lines: it also allows for the gradual development of character, and the relationships between the characters, while still leaving plenty of space for the spectacular action sequences that all fans of the genre love.I know this is a controversial topic among fans, but personally I like season two a little better than season one. However, due to the complex nature of this show, I would say that seeing season one first is an absolute must.And yes, season one in itself is most definitely five star material.Theo.
Whether it was many years ago or today or yesterday blues clues is a show that's always watched in our house!
This is such a fun show! I thought when it first came on it was going to be a typical high school drama and yes they are in high school and yes there is alot of drama &#34;Awesome Drama&#34;. This seris is really good and it drives me crazy waiting a week for the next episode to come on
I nearly choked to death laughing when Lamond said, &#34;He said three muthaf*cker!&#34; That's when I knew the show would be funny. I was laughing throughout the show. I liked several of the characters on the show. I definitely want to watch more episodes.
We totally enjoy this show and were happy to see it got a second season.  Show centers around a Sheriff who is far from perfect.  He has to deal with the representatives of the nearby indian reservation.  He has a female deputy who is not much to look at but is a good actress.  Longmire is dealing with things in his past which have not fully been revealed.  Highly recommended show!
Love the series.. Comedy, and drama, all rolled into one. and Ms Mc Donnell definately out shines her " Dances with Wolves" What a beauitiful and talented change
My daughter loves this show. She is learning so much from watching it.I just wish it was available in DVD at a price someone could afford.Until then we will keep watching it over and over again.
Great show only one season though so don't get excited no ending just leaves you hanging but still worth the watch for us conspiracy nuts :)
as with all good shows, the characters  have developed as the show goes... good chemistry in the group ... and good casting to begin with......
I am very pleased with my purchase. This season of Covert Affairs was another great season of the series. I am looking forward to next season of Covert Affairs.
I wanted to Give Season 3 a poke in the head and put it out of its misery. How much of the Crazy Governor were they going to force on us? How many close ups of Rick's crazy eyes? How long was the sublimely oblivious Andrea going to overlook the fact that her boyfriend was stark raving nutso?  Michone, who started out impossibly over-the-top with her matched pair of pet zombies on leashes, is much more real and interesting now. No longer acting like a rebellious 13-year-old, she still wields her katanka with amazing accuracy, but has become more three-dimensional and less of a cartoon character. She is spending most of her time with the survivors and only semi-hunting for the governor...he's not completely out of the picture although I do hope he's going to be held down to a minimum. I just wish they had not killed off Merle in Season 3. He was one of my favorite characters...what's not to like about a guy who can cut off his own limb and replace it with a swiss army arm?I started watching Season 4 without much hope and boy howdy, was I surprised. There's life the The Dead yet.  Episode 1 was killer. Rick regained his sanity, sort of.  His son is less psychotic. Herschell's missing leg has magically regenerated. No explanations are given, but the comic book version does mention that they find, at some point, a prosthetic limb (but it's just a leg, with no interesting accessories like Merle's replacement part). I have not read the comic version, but Amazon reviewer Brian Byrd gave me that heads up elsewhere.Episode 1 has several truly creepy scenese, not least of all is Rick's encounter with a young Irish lass in the forest. We also have lots of new survivors, most of them from Woodbury, home of the Crazy Governor.In the following episodes, a serious and highly contageous illness hits the prison compound. A high death rate and those who succumb reanimate. This does two things: it gives us a new story arc and gets rid of some of the newbies. By episode 4, we're back to our core group (mostly...heh heh). And the Zombies are rocking. More hordes and they're dangerous and frightening again. For most of Season 3, the poor Zeds were nothing more than pests. Unless you were tied to a chair and locked in a room with one, they posed no threat anymore. The survivors just swatted 'em like mosquitos. Season 4 has given them back their teeth.As always, the producers' ruthlessness in cutting cast members is still shaking things up. No one is Zombie-proof or bullet-proof and some of our original recipe survivors don't make it. Unfortunately Glenn is not among the victims. Sorry, but Season 3 was seriously marred by those endless "let's drag in the kids" scenes of Glen and Maggie making out.  Almost as sleep-inducing as Rick and the Governor's staring contests.  We also lose two of my favorite original survivors by the end of Season 4, one by exile and one by the governor sawing off his head. Yep, the Guv continued to make trouble in Season 4, but in a more intersting way than in Season 3. No longer "The Guv," he wants to be known simply as "Brian." But he's still nuttier than a fruitcake, just in a different way. I'm hoping the exiled character comes back. Not in the reanimated sense, just in the "Hi Honey, I'm home" way.Episode 4 is intense, exciting and gory. Everything you want from The Walking Dead.  I had to stop watching and take breaks from the action and mayhem once or twice.  The writers have really stepped things up. The Zoombas are on the march; the new characters are interesting, particularly a little girl who sometimes mistakes the Zs for pets (but not in that silly Michone way).Episodes 5 through 7 were just as good, and the season ender was a shocker. You have to give the writers and producers credit, they'll throw anyone to the wolves (or the zombies).  No one is guaranteed to survive until the time time. Makes for some really intense viewing.Let's hope next season remains reanimated or the producers will find it's their audience, not the dead, who are walking.
Love this show. John Goodman's tushy was not so attractive, but over-all a nice little comedy. Watch a few episode and I think you will agree.
I love this series, it is futuristic and I like that.  Some of the things that happen, certianly seem to make one think it is entirely possible for it to happen down the road.
We really liked Season 1 and I was afraid that Season 2 might be a letdown but not so.  The characters are so well developed and while each show is complete in itself, the evolution of character and plot from show to show is masterful.  It is head and shoulders above most of the dramas on major networks.
this show continues to peek my entrest so many highs and lows it's enough to make want talk back to freak'n television so that's why i continue to watch it
Absolutely great show! Every episode keeps you on the edge of your seat!  Makes it very hard to turn it off!
*****SPOILER ALERT: there may be a few spoilers ahead*****I've watched two episodes of "The Bridge" so far.  I think it is brilliantly written, the cast is top notch, and I am curious to find out where the story is going.  There is only one problem for me, and that is that I have no patience and no warm feelings toward the lead detective, Sonya, played by Diane Kruger.  I understand that she is supposed to be afflicted with Asperger's Syndrome, but to me, that does not explain her constant bizarre and inappropriate behavior.  One would assume that a detective would have learned, through years of experience, how to display at least a minimum amount of empathy and humanity when speaking to a man whose wife has just been murdered.  Nope....not this detective, apparently.  She undresses in the office, in front of her male supervisor.....who does that?  I don't know if it is the way Sonya is written, if it is poor acting, or a combination of both.  But I just can't stand her, and I cringe every time she opens her mouth.For these reasons, I am rating "The Bridge" only 3 stars, and I am not even sure if I want to continue watching.  I have never been able to enjoy a program when the lead character is completely unlikable.  I want to watch and see what will happen next, but I just wish the writers would do something to make Sonya more human and believable in her role.EDITED: I have updated my review to 5 stars after watching episodes 3 and 4.  I decided to give Sonya and "The Bridge" another chance, and I am very glad that I did.*****MORE SPOILERS AHEAD*****The plot keeps getting more interesting, and the suspense is heightened when a young woman is left to die in the desert, on camera.  Will the El Paso detectives and the FBI find her before it is too late?All of the supporting actors here are top notch.  Ted Levine and Annabeth Gish are especially strong and believable in their roles.  I am surprised by how much I enjoy Matthew Lillard as the sleazy reporter; he's such a jerk, but he cracks me up with some of his comments.Sonya/Diane Kruger is beginning to soften a bit, which is what I was hoping for.  I don't have to necessarily "like" the character, but I just want to believe she is a real person, good or bad.  In the first two episodes, I wasn't buying Sonya at all, even as someone with Asperger's.  But in episode 3, she made me laugh ("We can't have sex here!"), and she was believable.  Finally, in episode 4, I felt her humanity.  When she was watching the video of the woman in the desert, you could see that she was genuinely concerned for her.  And when she was talking to Hank about her sister, that's when I could see Sonya as a believable, even vulnerable person.  Yes, she still has some quirks and flaws, like we all do, but she is not the strangely robotic person I saw in the first two episodes.I'm really impressed with this show, and very glad I decided to watch two more episodes.  Now I am officially HOOKED.  Diane Kruger is doing a good job in a difficult role. I now believe that the writing was the issue in the beginning, and writing Sonya seems to be a work in progress.
This is the best season of Walking Dead so far. Fast moving plot with twists and turns, never letting up. Thank you for ending the stupid banter scenes in season 2!
This show made me get to work and keep my house in order. I did not know that it is a sickness when you hoard. I enjoyed watching the program thanks again
This show is so interesting.  Love the fact that the two guys go anywhere and get into everything to fine their special piece.  Often wonder if their show is causing people to ask more when they see what the pickers will try and get for the items.
My daughter loves stories about mermaids, and when I saw that this Australian-made TV show, H20, centered around three teenage girls who are able to transform into mermaids, I thought it was worth checking out. I am glad I did because my soon to be nine-year-old daughter absolutely adores this series! I made it a point to watch it with her to make sure the series had nothing objectionable in terms of content or language but I needn't have worried. This is a wholesome, family-friendly show that explores mainly problems of friendship and relationships at a level that is appropriate for its target audience of girls ages 7-13.In Season 3, Emma is no longer part of the trio (actress Claire Holt apparently left the show to star in a movie) and in the show, the character is revealed to have left to go on a world tour. Ricki Chadwick (Cariba Heine) and Cleo Sertori (Phoebe Tonkin) continue their roles, and a third girl joins the cast as the new mermaid. Her name is Bella Hartley (Indiana Evans), and it is revealed that she has been a mermaid since she was nine years old, having got her mermaid powers on a trip to Ireland.Each episode runs about 24 minutes. The themes usually center on how the three girls struggle to keep their secret, and of how the secret places a strain on their relationships with others and their friendship. In the third season, Bella befriends the other two girls, and all three soon bond over their shared alter identities as mermaids. There's a new boy, Will, who shows an interest in Bella; Will's sister Sophie proves to be a threat to the girls, and more. In terms of content, the language is clean and even though there are some kissing scenes, they are very mild in comparison to other teen-themed shows, which makes this show appropriate for the target age-group. I make it a point to watch the episodes with my daughter, and we have a fun time discussing the plot and issues covered. It is an engaging and fun series for tween girls!
This is a fantastic show. Exciting and dramatic. The Fitz and Olivia have amazing chemistry. The secrets revealed about each character are amazing and the intrigue is wonderful. Definitely one of my favorite shows. I hope it continues for several more seasons.
Intense show love it,so glad amazon is airing it without extra cost.
Look this may not be for everyone but it is my kind of show it is not vulgar and trite the characters are real and fresh. I love the enter action between the reservation and the town as it is the kind of thing that still happens today. It is a western and a modern story all in one with family values and real world issues. Well done all at A&E!
In the case of Fargo... One keeps wondering when the other shoe is a going to be drop......it does... and then there's a bigger shoe...... The show is twisted and exceptionally deceptive on the order of others-wise sweet and decent people co-mingling with the likes of murderous scum bags whose movements are being tracked by one whip smart but unappreciated female beat-cop who is suffering from a abundus ignoramus surroundus!!! She keeps llustrating her valid findings to people who should be listening but to not avail. The show is to say the least is interesting and some of the bad guys get it and it some of them don't....... And so goes Fargo.
Dark. A great murder mystery.  I like it.
I love westerns and this is a good series. I am sure I'll continue on with the series. I season 1 and 2 so I'll be on the lookout for 3. I also liked learning more about the building of the railroad since my ancestors were railroad men.
Ron Eldard and the rest of the cast have a great movie here. So typical and excellent script. All the characterizations are dead-on.
We received one shock after another with this season.  This had great guest stars that were excellent in their roles.  It definitely left me anxiously awaiting for the next season.  The characters had their moment of fun, but there was definitely more action in this season.
5th Pilot I watched. I was laughing throughout. Loved the filing, the acting, and the political humorous topics. Would watch these show. Want to see this show make it to production!
This series.does draw u in. If I like syfy u definitely will enjoy this series. I found it a bit of many other series intertwined. I most definitely will continue watching its series and hope they will continue it. I get so tired of networks cancelling good series after 14 episodes or one season. Don't u.
I Collect all the CSI and CSI Miami is one of my favorites I don't know why they took it of but the is the final season of miami so it was a must too.
Hard to imagine this type of thing going on under your nose, but its definitely exciting. Great acting and characters that draw you right in.
I really enjoy this show. I like the characters, the strange and wacky plots, and I particularly like the character of Gary. It is well done.
My whole family loves Curious George and watch it all the time. Surprisingly, even at my age I learn a bit from it. Great television for the family!
Another series that could be watched from beginning to end. Noah Wiley makes the show. Good suspense. A must.Chuck
I enjoyed this series due to the action and the characters. High tech doesn't solve everything. And humans can survive without high tech as well. Defending yourself requires firearms whether you like them or not, for you will only die tired if your only solution is to run and hide.I am looking forward in the comtinuing segments!
Mike and Frank have great personalities and in-depth knowledge of antique junk! It's a junk history lesson on things I have thrown away. It's easy to get hooked on these episodes.
This cast is great, the actors play to their strengths and really create the diversity necessary to make a one setting movie work well. Not only are there some "audience told" quirks about each couple or character, but there are some surprises as the movie progresses. The surprises sort of escalate as the movie moves along so I kept wanting to know who and what next? Did everyone show all their cards or is someone going to do something to top the last one.Most important - It's really funny! And, I can't say more on this, or it will ruin the ending for some, but the ending has a very good irony to it.Well I hope if you choose to watch this, you enjoy it as much as I did!
A very well written show.  I was more than a little sorry to see it end. I'm sure there were more good stories to tell.  The actors were 'real' although some of the story lines were a bit fantastic, but we can read the newspapers for the 'real' stuff.
This show is fantastic!  I love how they wind ancient culture and Myths into futuristic events!  It's a lot of fun to watch, especially if you're into ancient myths and such.
One word for all season's and all episodes........AMAZING!!!!!!! Will never be another of it's kind like it. Wonderful family show.
After years of what felt like a collection of stale broadcast TV sitcoms, I was introduced to How I Met Your Mother. While I've never been a big fan of any particular sitcom, this show got me excited about the genre for the first time ever. I was introduced to it by my sister, who brought a borrowed copy of the third season on DVD home with her from college. I ended up watching a few episodes and was very pleasantly surprised by How I Met Your Mother -- it was absolutely hilarious. While I always thought that sitcoms were just full of overly used jokes and cardboard characters, How I Met Your Mother was not only funny and fresh, but felt like it had more depth than the typical sitcom. I was hooked.How I Met Your Mother has a unique storytelling style that continues into season four. The overarching story is being told by an older Ted Mosby (Josh Radnor) to his children. The series consists of a series of flashbacks from Ted's 20s and 30s about the lives of himself and his friends living in New York City and, ultimately, how he met his future wife. This frame may seem complex, especially if you haven't tuned in from the beginning, but it's done in a breezy, comfortable manner that feels natural and doesn't confuse viewers. I felt like it was a story that my father could have been telling me because sometimes there are flashbacks within the overarching flashback and scenes and timing are not perfectly linear, which is more like how a person would share memories -- as they are triggered by something else, rather than chronologically.In season four, the gang continues to mature as they enter their 30s. Ted successfully proposes to Stella (Sarah Chalke), but is left at the altar. Ted fights to come to terms with it, and later reenters the dating scene after becoming roommates with ex-girlfriend Robin (Cobie Smulders). Ted is later laid off from his job, and he decides to begin his own architecture firm. Barney (Neil Patrick Harris) struggles with growing feelings for Robin. While Barney continues his usual womanizing ways, tension grows between him and Robin as Barney's feelings start to come out. Meanwhile, Marshall (Jason Segel) and Lily (Alyson Hannigan) move into their new apartment and struggle with whether or not they're ready to have children. Each character's world changes throughout the series, building up for more antics in season five.The cast of How I Met Your Mother does a perfect job of playing off one another, making the jokes and punch lines feel snappy and well-utilized. While many comedies run the risk of overdoing jokes, How I Met Your Mother does a fantastic job of balancing the joke surrounding an episode with all of the characters. By far, the best (and most hilarious) character in this show is the awe-(wait for it...)-some Barney Stinson with his unnamed corporate job, endless supply of suits, and constant bedding of various women. Barney is always up to something off-the-wall and funny, no matter what's happening in the lives of the other characters.The season four DVD set includes all 24 episode on three discs in widescreen format with English 5.1 Dolby Surround sound plus English, French, and Spanish subtitles -- not to mention a great selection of bonus features. These features include a recap of season three, episode commentaries, a gag reel, "A Night with Your Mother" special featuring an Academy of Television Arts & Sciences panel discussion, a hilarious gag video about how awesome Barney is, and an extended scene from "The Fight."Season four is another great chapter in the How I Met Your Mother saga. The series is just as humorous as when it first began, and the characters continue to be interesting and funny. The amazing thing for me about this series is how it can cover such a range of emotions in just one episode. I don't usually respond to TV or movies emotionally, but How I Met Your Mother can make me roll around laughing and takes me to the brink of tears in the same episode. I can't wait for the new season to start.
Good story and good actors. The main actress is reasonably hot - which makes up for the reality gaps when it comes to the scenes in the hospital. So it has all the ingredients for a successful show. Not sure what all the complaining is about. They even gonna cancel it and going backward and forward about when. Hopefully they stick to the full season with all 13 shows.
this show was great. I enjoyed the different nature of it and the characters are all perfect.  Looks like it will be very good.
The Blacklist Rocks! Original, unique. Always new creatively-developed characters, plots, and approaches.  Never a dull moment. The Blacklist Rocks! They totally Rock! Yay!
Great episodes.  Can't wait to see volume 2 when it comes out end of May.  Hopefully, they do not eliminate this show.
This is a great show you can watch with your kids. Not loud and silly like a lot of other kid's shows. Very real and brought back lots of memories of my own childhood.
A heartfelt movie that will bring joy to your heart and sadness at the same time. A must see family movie!
The show is great, in the future and we are living with aliens.  The people of earth are trying to deal with the cultures of different alien speeces.  There are lots of things going on, as people are just trying to survive.
Storyline and the people on the show really come together and make it work. Everything fits together. Very well put together the shows are great and you'll just have to watch it for yourself. When I was in the service about 10yrs ago I was aboard the USS Independance everyday there was a fire it seemed. As far as I know they haven't been caught yet. During the investigation we were looking for a guy about 6' tall, wearing a green utility jacket. he had material in his hands in a public area of the ship reading it.  It appears to be a person to be a could wear the jacket in hostile environment. Protecting the person wearing it. On board a ship there are many area's that are not safe to be wondering around blindly. Such as the flight deck. Very good show. All the actors seem to be working together quite well.
A lot of people are saying this show got silly but I really like it. It has captain hook and mulan in it which most people see that as a story instead of a fairytale but I love the way it's intertwined. It's not as good as season one but still worth the watch to me.
My children enjoyed these video very much.  The videos are very entertaining and educational.  The lenght of the video is perfect.
Based on first episode, I was not sure whether I would like this show or even bother to continue watching.  I really liked the way  Green Arrow was written in Smallville and the way Justin Hartley played it, so it was a bit of an adjustment to accept this different version.  Having watched several now, I plan stick with the series.  Story starts off slow, but they are now building the back story and character development very well.  Stephen Amell as the lead was a good choice for the tone of the show and direction they seem to be taking the story.  Another plus for the show... the actors Paul Blackstone and John Barrowman.  Both of these actors have been in other scifi or fantasy genre shows and are doing great with their characters in Arrow.
Seven seasons, and still going strong. Some of the best material so far, and we love it as much as ever. May the stories and characters continue to be everything we love about them...funny, quirky, interesting and lovable.
Gets you involved in the characters and manages to have fun with with the South without being overly stereotypical or condescending.
The first half of this movie you're left wondering why RW is such a whimp.If I had a kid like that, I would smack the **** out of him so others wouldn't have to put up with him.Fortunately, that didn't happen.After all the negativity that RW had to put up with, he takes a frown & turns it upside down.The movie centers around sex, & there are some very awkward scenes that are hilarious.If you need a good laugh, this is it.You end up knowing more about what's going on than the people in the movie.RW was the World's Greatest Dad for putting up with his kid, then taking care of business.You'll know the scene when you watch it.
I have watched Dr. Who for years and enjoyed these early ones.  The thing I liked the best about this Dr. Was the way he would get confused and say &#34;Oh dear&#34; all the time.  He is very sweet, and I loved him just because he was Dr. Who.  Since it was a children's show, this might has had a lot of appeal to a child. for myself, I tend to forget it was started for children, and watch it avidly every time.
But after factchecking many of the statements, I was sadly surprised as to the accuracy of many of the claims  A must watch, whether you care about your foods or not
Love Mary McDonnell.  Good to see her in something prominent.  Writing uneven sometimes, but still very worth it.  Tune in!
Interesting characters and storylines. I always look forward to each new episode. And the costumes and songs are great too!!
I didn't realize until I was 15 minutes into the first episode that it was filmed in Canada. I haven't watched all of season 1, but I have watched enough to know it is a very tight drama.  Characters are fantastic and believable.  I do like that they finish each story while continuing to develop the main characters a little at a time.  I was also surprised to see it was on TV for 5 seasons.  Hmm, well missing it then is making it a great way to catch up now.  Well worth watching.
LOVED THE COMPLEX CHARACTER OF BOSCH.  IT HAD THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF SUSPENSE.  BUT I WANT TO SEE MORE.  WOULD LIKE TO KNOW HOW THIS STORY LINE IS GOING TO END AND I WOULD LIKE TO SEE MORE EPOSIDES.
I thinkn this show is excellent on multiple levels.  As the storyline driven show - it is very well done with the two main chactarers having very different lives and how each deals with them.  On the musicians side _since I'm a musician_ I like seeing just how ruthless and so chiseled in stone the whole Nashville music scene is.  If you want to do something NOT in the Nashville labels &#34;Okay List&#34;, then you dont get support, or perhaps not even signed or recorded at all.
I love this show. The balance of characters and great story writing make this one a winner. In my book, second only to Breaking Bad.
I was happy to see the end of some of the Grayson's; what a twist to have Victoria is the same hospital that Amanda was placed in as a child and to see the new actors added. Hopefully ABC will continue this series and not drop it like so many times happens to great shows. I like less sexual shows and more symbolic story lines.
I was waiting and waiting for this show and it did not disappoint. There's amazing puppets and sets that you just want to touch/run around in. My 2 year old loves this show and I love that it's not shrill-sounding, ADD-causing garbage that she usually asks for. Thank you Amazon! Now please make another season ASAP.
SO HATE HEARD CANCELLED WHO KNOWS HOW STUPID THESE NETWORKS ARE I SERIOUSLY SHOULD RUN MY OWN BETWEEN I HAVE INFO FOR ANY TV BS WEATHER SEEN OR NOT I AM BETTER THAN PEOPLE CHOSEN SCREW OFF TV LATELY IT REALLY HAS CRAP ON
This is an excellent documentary about Detroit's economic collapse, crime, and heroism.  The camera follows a Detroit fire house for an entire year, going on a mad gushing stream of runs.  The city is shutting down (literally in places), and 90% of the fires are arson.  The firefighters thrive on the fight, but they also give up an awful lot for paltry recompense -- indeed the film says, most hold a second job too.  The local economy, fire service management, and personal struggles make a very human backdrop for the blazes and heroics.Five stars all the way.  I had seen a trailer for this during the Tribeca Film Festival in 2012, but couldn't get tickets.  I was waiting for the full.  Worth the wait.
This is what television should be all about. Refreshing series about life, family, responsibility and football! I love it and can't stop watching it.
I didn't like the Inspector Morse program, but I am really enjoying the Inspector Lewis series.  The writing comes off as more authentic, if that makes any sense.  It really is good quality  television for an evening.
I just love justifed.  I am on season 4. I dont know what I am going to do when it is finished
My 14 yr old granddaughter loved this when she was younger and was very excited to watch the very first episode ever. Now my 8 year old is getting into it. It's a good story for kids, where the good guys are actually respectful to grown ups. Love it.
Awesome show with just the right mix of historical and fantasy content. I loved every minute and can't wait for season 2
This season of the Amazing Race was about as good as any. Seeing a team go from last to first in just two legs was good. So was the finale: it wasn't a gimme for any of the three teams racing in it. At some point or another in that episode, each of the three teams was pulling ahead of the others.
I really like this show.  I am a fan of Inspector Lewis so when I watched them all the way through series 5,  I began to look for something similar.  This show fits the bill.  The only thing I find curious about both shows is that, (just like in US cop shows), there's never just one murder.  There's the first one, and then another and another.  Anyway, it makes for good TV.
I have liked Grimm from the get-go! I've read a lot of the original stories, and find this an interesting twist. The different creatures are always amusing, too. I look forward to seeing how this goes for Nick and the crew!!!
Well written and acted. Really like the look back to the cold war era. I hope they keep it up.
The actors and their characters are well matched, making this show feel more real and natural.  So far, there are not too many contrived situations; stories flow from the characters, how they interact with each other.  This season, the plots seem to only revolve around little mysterious baby, and a line up of evil opponents trying to take her away from the 3 show runners.  I miss the original actors from season 1-3, but I am surprised at how the new actors and characters fit so well, so quickly.  Very impressive.  I've tried to watch the US version, but find it doesn't measure up.  This UK version is better at mixing action, comedy, and mystery.
This show is amazing ,  as long as it does not too crazy and wacko , I will continue to watch and collect these shows .  I love to have weekend marathons , featuring one of my collections , I 'm in my Jammies , a bucket of popcorn and cold tea............
My kids 3 and 5 really like this. My daughter likes it because it's fun and she likes the song.My son likes the part when he goes to school and play with blocks :)
Its been a great series, connecting a lot of the facts presented in the various marvel hero movies ... although the science and logic can be a bit off at times, still more entertaining than I had feared for a super hero show with no actual supers.I imagine they are using it to bring viewers up to a current level of the story line, so they can then push out more marvel hero movies based on the after effects ... of the rise of HYDRA.Speaking of HYDRA, it seemed a bit contrived ... how that all played out. I was confused by &#34;Hand&#34; if she was really hydra or just pretending, etc... etc ... until she was taken out by hydra (spoiler) ... and funny to hear that agent Colson had been &#34;working for Hydra all along?&#34; ... And why did hand suspect he was Hydra and had orders for her men to shoot everyone in his plane on sight. Without asking questions first ... then later, she just shakes his hand and says glad to see he is alive ? what the heck.Closest I could gather from that all was that Hydra was looking for the &#34;cure&#34; that brought Colson back to life ... and somehow Colson was helping them by looking for answers himself.Anyhow, my guess is that whole reason Director Fury brought agent Colson back to life ... was so that he could take Fury's place running SHIELD ... or now, what is left of SHIELD.
I really enjoyed this show. I was so sorry that there are no more episodes. Great price for a great season.
I'm a big fan of this series and I was really excited to hear that it was coming back. I can't wait to see what awaits.
this series is very well done,  and has some oddly beautiful moments.  My 16 yo son loves it.  But I find it too gruesome for me.  That's not a criticism,  I think it's a very well done show,  great acting and intriguing plot lines.  I just also find the crimes really awful,  and certainly can't binge watch this,  it's really quite chilling - which is what it wants to be...
Little Bear is always entertaining and fun! My little ones love every episode and so do I. They even learn some things by watching!
I have enjoyed this series on television. However, without the commercials, I like it even better. The extra information and deleted scences are  great to watch.
The thing about this series is that it's a serial. It's not particularly episodic. Each episode builds on what went before. I was telling my sister, who hasn't started it yet, that at first you'll wonder what the fuss is about. Well, about midway through the series you'll be totally hooked and totally understand that it's a Shakespearean-style tragedy about greed, corruption, and the human genius for deceiving oneself. Additional aspects of the tragedy involve how innocent people get dragged into the protagonist's tragedy, with sometimes fatal results. And all along he tells himself he's doing it for his family. Yeah, right.
Odd ball comedy that works through the chemistry of the actors.  Reminds of my first two years of college, which it makes it funny but also scary when I remember those years.  Anyway, enjoy one of the best comedies on TV and now on Cable today.
The stories have grown more serious as she has become a more seasoned agent. I love all the characters. Can't wait for the new season to start.
Great Series, This is a great series, believable if you drink enough or smoke enough before watching.  Still what else am I doing except watchin the whole season, it's fun.
O Happy Day! As presented in widescreen, here's Season 2 of Bones. The great news is that there's no slack off at all from season one's most excellent run. Involving forensic conundrums and grim visions of death once again winningly meld with great drama, humor, pathos, and tenuous romance. Emily Deschanel as forensic anthropologst Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan and David Boreanaz as FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth (David Boreanaz) continue to dazzle as television's most electric investigative duo.Whereas Booth is the intuitive people person, Brennan is still mostly socially in the dark. She remains dispassionate and driven in her pursuit of her personal Holy Grail, the truth. As always, her ability for drawing accurate observations from ruined human remains proves invaluable in solving FBI cases. As ever, the perceptive Booth and her free spirited best friend Angela are her main conduits to understanding the, to her, bewildering labyrinth of emotions and social decorum. Deschanel is great at allowing the audience to glimpse the wounds just beneath Bones' supremely confident exterior. She and Boreanaz are magical, and their chemical synergy remains the overwhelming draw of this series.There's a barrage of big technical jargon used on each episode, but that doesn't keep me from being sofa-ed in rapt attention. This show is so clever that my attitude more or less echoes Booth's: "Keep talking. I'll catch up." The mysteries are compelling enough, but when thrown in with the engrossing human elements, it makes me want to tune in to the show that much more. The squints, while intimidatingly brainy and toiling away on a wavelength drastically foreign from that of average folks, are nevertheless engaging and very sympathetic characters. The supporting cast is remarkably good and quirky, bolstered by this season's newcomer Tamara Taylor and by occasional guest stints by Ryan O'Neal, Stephen Fry, and the wonderful Patricia Belcher (as no-nonsense attorney Caroline Julian). It must be noted that T.J. Thyne (Hodgins) and Michaela Conlin (Angela) share an endearing chemistry.Season 2 introduces a couple of curve balls, beginning with the arrival of Dr. Camille Saroyan (Taylor) as Brennan's new boss at the Jeffersonian Institute, with whom Bones instantly clashes. Then mix in some office romances (except the one we're hankering for). Offer up a serial killer or two. And, thru all the cases she works on, Bones still fixates on her mother's unsolved murder and her father's disappearance. On this, some light will be shed.My favorite episodes are "The Truth in the Lye" (Tub of goo!! So cool tub of goo!! To quote Bones: "Even for me, this is disgusting."), "The Woman in the Sand" (Booth goes ultimate fighting and, Omigawd, Bones in a sexy black cocktail dress!), "Aliens in a Spaceship" (Hodgins and Brennan are entombed in a car and must come up with makeshift ways to surviva as air runs out; raw-emotioned acting by Thyne and Deschanel), the nerve-wracking "The Blonde in the Game" and its equally harrowing follow-up "The Man in the Cell" features the return of clever serial killer Howard Epps from last season's "A Man on Death Row") and the season-ender "Stargazer in the Puddle" (Bones learns more about her mother).Special Features include optional episode commentaries on "The Glowing Bones in the Old Stone House" (with Emily Deschanel) and on "Stargazer in a Puddle." Boreanaz doesn't commentate this time; perhaps, his effort last season was deemed too loopy. Disc 6 offers "The Memories in the Season" featurette; "Visceral Effects: The Digital Illusions of Bones" featurette; 8 minutes of deleted scenes with optional commentary by the Executive Producers; and the gag reel.By the way, the episode commentary on "The Glowing Bones in the Old Stone House" reveals that an unaired 22nd episode will debut in the third season. Does that mean there'll be 23 episodes in season 3? One hopes (but doubts).
The Burning Plain starring Charlize Theron and Kim Basinger is a very interesting drama from start to finish. Theron really shines in this film, she shows remarkable emotional depth as Sylvia, a woman who suffers from depression and a secret she has carried since she was a teenager. This film is non-linear which I love, three different stories that somehow connect through time and distance. The Burning Plain is an amazing film, I highly recommend it! Enjoy.
It would be hard to go wrong with Sherlock Holmes as your base story but the writers have captured even more than the original with this series.  The 2 main players Sherlock (played exceptionally well by Jonny Lee Miller) and Watson (played just as well by Lucy Liu)just add depth to an already interesting story each week.  This can be called a bromance, but one of the bros just happens to be a woman. He said that from the very beginning and I think it's really an apt description. There's this idea that a man and a woman can't be together on a show especially without needing to be together sexually or in love or whatever, and this is really about the evolution of a friendship and how that happens. Watching that should be as much the story of this show as the mysteries that you see week in and week out about who killed who.  I just know that after 3 episodes I am already addicted.  The addition of Aidan Quinn as Captain Tobias Gregson of the New York City Police Department was genius. He genuinely likes Holmes and the two have mutual respect for each other so we get to avoid the good cop bad cop plot lines that many shows that have talented citizens playing at detectives, I love The Mentalist but this show takes the genre to a new level of entertainment.
We streamed a few shows of Sanctuary (not the best Internet connection at our house for streaming) and decided to buy the Blu-ray disc set as soon as it came out.We save watching the Sanctuary shows for when nothing else is on; we don't want the shows to end too soon.We are Stargate fans, and we find Sanctuary to be a wonderful option for science fiction.Why would any person complain? There is nothing else worth watching for people who only receive over-the-air television.
In season five, I have met several stories that I do not recall reading so that is a plus for me. I have read and re-read most of Agatha Christie's Poirot and Miss Marple masterpieces so to locate a new one is great.
Oh...this is just a tease.  There is only the pilot and it is really well written.  I just love John Goodman, so this one just had to be good. Please, please continue this Gary Trudeau masterpiece!
This show has taken me by surprise. I didn't think that is would be as good as it is. I love and hate all the characters, they surprise you and piss you off at the same time. This is a great show and I can't wait to finish the season, and anxiously await the fourth season.
I've loved every episode so dar and can't wait for season 2.  Reminds me of the movie &#34;The Thirteenth warrior&#34; with Antonio Bandaras (another historically accurate flick taken from a thoroughly researched Michael Crichton book).  It gives great insights into the cultures if the time.  I'm also a big Game if Thrones fan, so this was a great alternative in the off season.  Highly recommended.
Easily, the best TV series ever.  Never could lose a 100% of my empathy for Walter White.  Even the violence, which is routinely overdone on TV, was tolerable and never gratuitous.  Like Steven Colbert, I keep looking for a thread of the storyline to continue into a 'next season'.
Even after 6 seasons this show stays interesting, fresh, and intriguing.  With the exception of the &#34;aliens and insects&#34; episode which just didn't work for me all of the episodes have been really well done and on par with the rest of the series.
The series is quite captivating and there is always some surprise in every episode.  What a wonderful waste of time.
I love watching this show every week and I like to be able to download and watch if I miss it! I love it!
You will not regret buying this series.  Glen Close is outstanding.  All of the performances are amazing.  You won't be able to stop watching.  Many twists and turns.  The entire writing staff should get an Emmy.  I hope they get the other seasons in blu ray fast!  Can't wait.
Season Three continues right where season 2 left off at.  With the Cylon occupation in full force and the pressure being on for the colonists of New Caprica and the President Gaius Baltar.  Fans of the show before won't be disappointed with plenty of action between the various characters and the Cylons (them having their issues themselves).The Cylons attempt to make peace with the colonists by starting up a police force made up of colonists of New Caprica.  It just insights the rebels as many view the new police as traitors conspiring with the Cylons.More background of the characters are revealed and the tensions are flaring over Baltar's impending trial for crimes against the colonists that will seperate people and thrust them onto opposing sides with varying views on death being the penalty and others wanting the justice system to actually do what it should do.  If anything Season 3 of BG continues to do what a lot of shows can't...be consisent.
Season 2 follows the interesting story lines of Season 1. Love it! I am already a fan of this series.
Sci-Fi story lines seem to be getting recycled more and more the longer we've created the niche but Defiance is inspired and creative. Truly Original and there's something new every episode.I can't wait for next season and this one just ended. The season Finale was spectacular and shocking. If you liked shows like BSG, the SG-1 and following series, Falling Skies, and Star Trek series, You'll love this show it's Sci-Fi with out the exploration what might happen should we find ourselves no longer alone in the Universe any more.
And the truth will not set you free but will make it clear that there is never rest when freedom is so close at hand. A friend who challenges your beliefs in them and then breaks it gives this series the full circle of emotional upheaval that is needed to make a great show.
I really enjoy this show. For me it is a great sci-fi show that handles the time travel genre very well. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys good science fiction.
First, if you've never seen a Trek film, now maybe the time...this is a solid movie, Trek or not...visually stunning, a wild paced trip with J.J.Abrams superb character banter.Star Trek is such a cultural icon and so a part of the collective unconsciousness that even a passing familiarity is plenty enough to enjoy the new TREK MOVIE. J.J.Abrams of TV's LOST & the Mission Impossible series shows how the famous crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise first comes aboard to explore strange new worlds. Talk about "no win scenario"...the big question in the minds of fans and non-fans alike: can younger actors fill these enormous space boots.The answer is yes, but with a major role for the original Spock, Leonard Nimoy, time traveling of course, there's no need to worry about the absence of the original crew.Chris Pine's take on impulsive space cowboy James T. Kirk is no SNL parody of Shatner's portrayal but recognizable (although as the climax draws near he scores some very Capt. Kirk classic moments "I've got your gun."). Zachary Quinto a.k.a Sylar-Spock is perfect as a young Vulcan (with a girlfriend!). Karl Urban is dead on a Leonard "Bones" Mcoy with maybe the coolest intro in the film. Uhura is played by Zoe Saldana who is a great likeness of young Nichelle Nichols, but with so much more to do, than poor Nichelle. The same can't be said for Chekov, Sulu and Scott who had less important places in the big picture, but were each well played, Simon Pegg's Scotty was great fun.Without given too, much away, some answers....Does a "Red Shirt" die? Ho yeah...Does Kirk tear his shirt? Nah...Does Bones declare someone "Dead, Jim?" Sorta...Nerve Pinch? Got `em....Warp Speed?  The Best ever!!!....Beam ins and outs? Yes and much more (can you say space-dive?)...How about the KOBAYASHI MARU test? I prequel has to have it right? Yes, it is in there and may even live up to expectations, too!Due to interference by a future Romulian, Nero, play brilliantly by Eric Bana, an alternate timeline is created. While strikingly similar to the original Trek, the movie ends with many things already clearly different from the series (like Capt. Pike's final fate).  In doing this 2 things are ultimately accomplished 1.) many Prequel / Series discontinuities are dispersed due to interference by Nero. 2.) the future of the Trek film franchise can continue without fear of rewriting any aspect of the show or films using the new cast.The Star Trek prequel hopefully will herald the reboot of the Star Trek franchise, it sure has the potential. Star Trek Lives!
I thorough enjoy the scientific subjects presented in this PBS programming.  Worth every penny!  I recommend this programming to all.
This has a great cast. The look of good science fiction. However, the writing is flat. Too predictable. I watch a little at a time. Science fiction of any kind is few and far between. It is my favorite genre.
This show at first looked a bit laughable to me, but I assure you this is a well conceived series. All the actors have been chosen with great care, and they interact with one another as though they had been working with eachother their entire lives. They have great chemistry in every scene, it's like they're best friends in real life. The show has alot of comedy which is only broken up by action and dramatic story telling. What I love about the show is it's many references to movies, television, and video games. Chuck is not James Bond, not even close in fact. It is hilarious watching him try to fit into the world of espionage. He does have two bodyguards Sarah and Casey to protect him. Sarah is a beautiful blonde agent that is sent to be his girlfriend (lucky guy), and Casey is the heavy artillery side of the team. It's really fun to see Chucks and Sarah's relationship grow throughout the season. They clearly have great chemistry and that leads to some romantic moments. It's sorta like on LOST with Jack and Kate you know they want to be with each other but the plot dictates otherwise just teasing you here and there. Chuck also has a best friend Morgan who is responsible for most of the laughs as we watch his pathetic life, and the way he clings to Chuck's every move. Chuck and his family really keep the show grounded and really relatable to the every day guy. This show began well and only got better in season 2.The picture quality is another thing all together. It has grain in almost every frame. The picture is just filled with noise almost the entire time. It really is distracting and is quite disappointing. Chuck surpasses the picture quality with it's amazing characters and stories. The extras are decent with some deleted scenes, a gag reel, and audition footage.  The series is a mix of Alias, Mission Impossible, and Get Smart. It is the ultimate comedy hour mixed with great action.
As always the book is better, so read it after the movie. John dies at the end is a fun trip.The cinematography is outstanding .I look forward to the sequel which is already out as a book.
Intriguing so far. Curious to see where it goes. Love the futuristic toys and items.
I really loved this series, all except the last episode of season 6. That blew it for me.
The writers didn't miss. Right on target. The acting was right on the money. The dumping the gas in Walt's house completely unexpected in the coming showdown. It has been kick ass all the way through the series, But all bad things must end but what a way to take us to the conclusion. I don't know how anyone could top this.
This is yet another great installment of the walking dead.  I think Season three has recaptured some of the qualities that made season one so great (and seemed lacking in season two).
All seasons were fabulous!  Great casting, great characters, and good lines.  However, the kids look like they should be out of college, not still in high school.  This is closer to real life stories than most!
Louie Season 3 is better than ever and that's a pretty high standard given the fact that seasons 1 & 2 were terrific.  In season 3, Louie seems to be exploring some of his issues (and old demons).  He also begins a relationship with a woman who does not speak english.  Louie is also shot in a &#34;Woody Allen&#34; style depiciting NYC at it's most beautiful.Highly recommend to anyone.  Plus, his stand-up sets are the best!
and I have to say I normally do not like any type of Western but Longmire is different - good story and always keeps you guessing what will happen next in regards to the death of his wife.
I chose to review this episode because it covered the cuisine of part of Italy I have yet to visit, Emilia Romagna.  There was more of a story with the American footballer/chef and the food was and looked unbelievable.
Some of my favorite lines from this season - &#34;How often do you groom your cat.&#34;,  &#34;..uh oh, looks like we have a little ground hog day situation.  Six more weeks of Wintuuuh.&#34;  OMG this show is so hilarious, I could go on and on.  I'm a huge Zooey Deschanel fan not only because of the obvious - she's gorgeous, but also because she's a great actress and comedian.  I also like the chemistry between the rest of the cast.  The only problem I have with this show is the recent addition of Coach.  Was this really necessary to keep the show interesting?  I think not.  Since the character CC seems to be looking for additional employment in addition to modelling , the writers might consider finding her side jobs in the adult entertainment industry - just a thought.  I highly recommend this sitcom as it will keep you in stitches.
One of the biggest advantages to come of with the dawn of the DVD age is that television shows that might otherwise have gone unnoticed have been given a new chance at life with the release of series seasons on disc. Such is the case with BURN NOTICE, a fairly moderate hit on cable that has the chance to gain viewers with the release this week of season one on disc.The story revolves around Michael Weston (Jeffrey Donovan), perhaps the best spy the US has. The problem begins when right in the middle of a transaction with foreign operatives, Weston is given his "burn notice". In effect, a burn notice is a termination of current employment where an agent is left in the field without identity, backup, funds or anything that might help him. Happening in the middle of an illegal transaction with killers is not the best time to be notified.Weston escapes and lands in Miami. Using his knowledge and special ops skills, he sets up a place to stay, contacts his old friend Sam (Bruce Campbell) who helps set him up with some work. He also meets up with past girlfriend Fiona (Gabrielle Anwar) - an ex-IRA bomber that he left behind, and his mother (Sharon Gless), a chain smoking retiree.Things are not the best he could hope for.The character of Michael Weston is charismatic and yet hard at the same time. He has difficulty relating to what you and I might think of as normal civilians. Put him in the midst of a group of soldiers discussing weapons and explosives and he's in his element. Sitting next to a young boy whose father has been threatened by a rich employer who has set him up to take the fall for a fake theft and that's a whole different ballgame. As played by Donovan, the character is believable and easy on the eyes for female fans.Most of the episodes consist of two stories running side by side. The ongoing story consists of Michael trying to discover who issued his burn notice so he can go back to doing what he does best. Whoever placed him there has let him know in no uncertain terms that he is to remain in Miami and let it go. FBI agents that follow him around, NSA members who visit him and more attempt to get that through his head. But Michael doesn't choose to take this situation lying down.The second storylines involve Michael either being recruited to help someone in need or taking on jobs that his friend Sam puts him in contact with. Anything from a kidnapping to the fake theft mentioned above requires him to use his cunning and skills to help someone in need.What I thought made this series work more than anything was the interplay between characters. Not only that but the casting choices make this work like a Swiss watch. Each actor has his or her piece to play and they do it to perfection.Campbell has found his niche here playing the friend who was once involved in covert actions as well. Sam not only helps Michael but feeds information (usually false) to the Feds who keep an eye on Michael.Fiona as played by Anwar offers an elegant looking woman with tremendous sex appeal but who has a deadly side that she lets loose now and then. Even then she offers some of the most humorous lines in the show as she matter of factly considers eliminating anyone who gives Michael trouble. This let's kill `em attitude coming from this petite woman makes for an interesting character.The series offers plenty of action, lots of thoughtful plotlines, a ton of subtle humor and even a touch of romance. With the second season getting ready to begin this summer, now is the time to pick up season one and get caught up. The cliffhanger at season's end will be a great jumping on point this summer. Until then, give this DVD release a try. It's worthy of adding to any collection.
My three year old watches this on her kindle EVERY day over and over again!
The concept behind this series is really innovating and I am glad to see film makers coming up with new ideas rather than rehashing the same old - same old.
This season was wonderful.  Really great characters and plots.
This has the potential to be better than the X-files!  I love the mystery, drama of regular folks in crisis and of course the tell tale twists and turns of this writer. Really excellent acting to boot.People panic in stages, not all chaos in an instant, well played. It comes in waves or devolves, as you see fit.  Makes you want to brush up on your "Prepper" shows! Of course you'd better add in some reruns of X-files, Supernatural, etc. just to be well versed. Some extra bible study wouldn't hurt either.Not sure which way this show will head but you can be sure to count me in for the ride!
This series is addicting.  LOTS of GORE, blood, guts, hanging flesh, people being eaten by zombies, it's not a show for the faint at heart.  But suspenceful and the character development is excellent!
I sat down to watch this out of a mix of boredom and curiosity one day.  I was hooked after the first episode.  I even got my boyfriend watching it.  The girls in the show are amazing dancers, and their mothers are just something special.  I would recommend it because it's not what you'd expect.  Give it a try!
Action packed Sci Fi thriller.  If you have not seen the show and you enjoy Sci Fi and action then you will not be disappointed with this thriller.
Love Sam and Andy. I wish they would get together and stay together.  I also wish they would make it a fall show instead of a summer show so we would get more episodes of it per season.
Season 1 of 24 was my least favorite, but every following season, including this one, lived up to its name of the most thrilling TV shows ever made.
Great so far the story is getting better every episode the characters are quite intriguing and the series overall gets an A+ from me
This period piece was an excellent story that I hapapened to stumble upon and so glad I did.  The writing, characters, costumes were exceptional.  I thoroughly enjoyed it and looked forward to Season 2.
Tons of changes and surprises in this season! New characters and storylines! Great purchase! Excellent viewing quality on the kindle!
This show started out with not much substance but the acting is wonderful, storyline progresses well.It just gets better and I can't wait for the new season.
This has to be one of the best shows out. I stream all my viewing thru Amazon(no TV for me) and find they offer just the shows I want to watch. Always waiting for the next great episode.
I never watched Sports Night back when it was actually on television.  I saw it listed under Amazon Prime, and decided to check it out.  The entire series is very entertaining, and I recommend it.
I really like this show! I'm not into the ghost shows that are simply ghost hunters who only care about seeing something. This show allows the person who experienced it to tell you about it & shows plenty of footage. And they give you plenty of info on exactly who they think the spirit is, why they think that's the person & background info on the ghost(s) & the property. Also, unlike some other ghost shows, they show all they need to yet they are able to put multiple stories into each episode. No info seems to be cut out, they tell you all they need to. But it's great for if you only have say 10-15 minutes & need something to pass that short time. You don't have to worry about starting a story & having to cut it off. There are approx. 3-4 stories per episode. I also suggest Paranormal Witness, A Haunting & The Haunted (all stories include animals). In my opinion these are the top ghost shows & they are unlike others you will find. So if you watched others & wished it wasn't so focused on the investigators & more on the ghosts....then these are the shows for you.
A most enjoyable British serial drama based on the citizens fo a farm community and a growing town adjacent to it. There begins a finely drawn out series of challenges, love, lies and plenty of surprises. Julia Sowalha is magnificent as post mistress Dorcas Lane.
Simply amazing. The action picked up quickly, once the first season left things set up and ready to explode. Packed with action and interesting twists, I can say I am efficiently hooked to this series.
Love this show not only is the music great, but so is the acting.  The varies plots are like life and all the ups and downs.
I truly love this series. Archer is one of those funny nonsensical shows that will just make you laugh randomly during the day over a line you heard the night before.
I like this show a lot because it makes you think and use a lot of brain power.  It also brings up alternative information most being things that the average person never hears.  It is very interesting!  I would recommend this show to all of my friends and associates.
Tim Allen's sequel to his previous sitcom is a treat! The cast is great all for yours and my entertainment!Love 'em!
Very funny and nice to watch with your own Fantasy Football Fan.  This season does not disappoint.  The character's are funny with great guest stars.
I liked all the people this season, Jarrod and Brandi are stepping up their game. Barry is still being as funny as ever. I will look forward to watching Season 4.
I really enjoyed watching this series. They did a decent job of representing 60's Fremont Street area Las Vegas (except the California scenery in some parts is a more than a little too lush - too many trees and grass) compared to the part of Nevada where LV is located). But you can use your imagination and it is fine.I really enjoyed the soundtrack, but typical of made for TV series, it does not appear that you can buy it anywhere or even track down all the songs.
you ...... will ........... love .......... this .................. item ............ without ......... a ........ doubt ......... I ......... promise ........
These stories are VERY scary.  They get some amazing video and stories about hauntings.  I think this series and a couple of others have made me a believer in the paranormal.  The video frequently catches what appears to be inexplicable phenominen, orbs, apparitions, things moving without apparent assistance and voices on recorders.  Normally I am very skeptical of the people tell g their stories, but the people and families in these stories are seemingly very credible.It is an Animal Planet series, so they do try to involve the family pets.  Sometimes they are successful, other times involving the family pets just seems out of place and done completely because they have to for the producers.  Sometimes it is ALL about the animals and how they react to the paranormal, but most of the time it is an obligatory "Skippy, the family dog, hid under the bed." and then not much more.Great series, probably not a good idea to let any kids under 12or 13 watch these, unless you want to revert to Family Sleeping.
I  am sorry that this series will end, I just love the plots and the characters. The action is interesting and the language is good, so glad the &#34;f&#34; word is not slung around. Would love to meet Tim Roth and the others.
This show gets better and better. Each season I am amazed at the quality of writing and acting. This season does not disappoint. If I could recommend just two shows they would be The Walking Dead and Justified.
From Season one we have been enjoying this show.  This is not like any show on TV thank goodness somebody in TV land still has imagination.  LOVE IT!
I had been wanting to see the complete cut (International Version - Part I & II) of Red Cliff for a long time now, so I was very happy to find the time to sit down and finally view this nearly 5 hour beast over the period of two weekends. Too bad it never got it's due respect over here and got a proper wide release. Do yourself and favor and don't even bother with the Theatrial Version that is lacking over TWO HOURS of material.John Woo has made some entertaining films, like Face/Off, in the past, but this is his first true masterpiece. All of the actors, locations, individual fights and huge battles are fantastic. The scale of these battles are probably the largest ever filmed. I'm talking Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King on steroids.The only very minor negatives would be that it was somewhat hard at times reading the subtitles for such a long period of time. I wouldn't have it any other way (I hate dubbing), but be prepared to miss what's happening on the screen while you're trying to keep up with the words. It gets a bit easier after the first half hour or so. Also, the martial arts scenes during the battles are very well done and keep things interesting, but they kind of take away from the realism (a single guy slaughtering dozens with ease).The picture quality is right at the top of my growing Blu-ray collection, and the audio is earth shattering through my speaker system. I don't have the time to mess with them, but the special features run almost as long as the movie itself. Very impressive.If you love any kind of historical epics like Braveheart or Kingdom of Heaven, Red Cliff is worth a look at minimum. Just be prepared to have your reading glasses on.
I watched the pilot of SaB one day when I was particularly bored. I'm glad I did. I half expected another teen drama, but I was pleasantly surprised by the great cast and the well-written stories. The inclusion of the deaf community and culture has honestly given me great interest and new respect for those who are deaf and how they view the world.I'd recommend this show to anyone who's interested in a good drama or interested in learning more about deaf culture. It's certainly one of the best shows on television today (in my opinion).
This is a very edgey brutally in your face series,so be prepared but it is one of the best on TV!
I must be crazy to enjoy this kind of thing.  Um, don't go there.OKay, let's take a look at why I enjoyed it.One: It's a familiar tale.  Hannibal Lector is an old "evil mind" and a beloved monster from past movies.  A deeply detailed and rich character whose evil is fascinating to watch unfold in a train wreck kind of way.  And this Hannibal has all the charisma and intricacies of a truly great bad guy.  The actor brings new life to him and in such a way that he feels entirely new and frightening.Two: The series features excellent actors and special effects worthy of a movie set.  It's direction and style is gripping and tense.  It does not matter that we know Lector, Jack and Will already, in this series they look and feel brand new and I am on the edge of my seat waiting to see more of their relationships develop.Three: The case of the week is also just as gripping and different as the perspective of the series offers us.It's a thriller.  A ride.  And even when he uses the oldest cannibal joke in the book, "I'd love to have you and your wife for dinner," Hannibal feels appropriately creepy and alluring.A pleasure to watch and wait for each week.
This is a very well written script with a great story line and would love to see where it goes given a chance.
Watching Colby having to get back with the team and learning more about everyone's backgrounds are some great plus' in this season. Also great to see Charlie and Amita getting closer
I HAVE LOST COUNT OF THE TIMES I HAVE REWATCHED THE ENTIRE SERIES AND DISCOVERED SUBTLE DETAILS.  THE WRITING IS FANTASTIC, THE SMALLEST ACTION  BECOMES SIGNIFICANT IN SUBSEQUENT EPISODES.  REMINDS ME OF HITCHCOCK.THE CAST IS EXCELLENT AND VERY BELIEVABLE.  THE WARDROBE IS AMAZING, PARTICULARLY FOR OLIVIA AND MELLIE.  I CAN HARDLY WAIT FOR SEASON THREE TO START.
Just amazing acting, great story line and always unexpected twists and turns. Grew to enjoy all the character development and how they all changed during the years.
In this stylish British legal thriller, a brilliant barrister Will Burton (David Tennant) grapples with the question should he defend a man Liam Foyle (Toby Kebbell) whom he suspects is guilty of a heinous crime?  He doesn't know for sure the man is guilty, and he doesn't appear to want to know.  Burton takes the lofty position it's just a case, and everyone deserves a defense.  He's just doing his job, and he never loses a case.When the case starts to hit closer to home, however, it's harder to be philosophical.  Suddenly, perspective changes.  What if you win the case and the man strikes again?  How do you protect your family and others?This is a taut legal thriller with accomplished actors and textured British scenery (England and Scotland) as a dazzling backdrop.  The legal strategy fascinates as the case becomes more complex.  Written by the show MI-5's David Wolstenscraft, the dialogue is fresh and smart.  Burton's legal colleague (Anton Lesser) , legal rival (Sophie Okonedo) and son (Gus Barry) enrich the show with particularly talented performances.  All of the supporting performances are excellent and seem realistic.  David Tennant, as the gifted lawyer, carries the show with his finely acted portrayal.  If you saw Tennant in BROADCHURCH, he plays  a different kind of character as the confident and warm Burton, you question whether it's the same actor.  I thought maybe it was the actor's brother - he's that versatile in playing a role.There's a bit of gruesomeness in the first episode, but it evolves into more of a suspenseful legal thriller.  There's a few predictable plot twists, and "too stupid to live" moves, but then it veers off into something more original and complex. This film allows the viewer to look at the law through many lenses of the participants: the lawyers, the victims, the witnesses, the judge, and the criminal mind.  If you like legal thrillers with original plots, set in Britain, this should please.
I was pleasantly surprised by this show.  I choose this show strictly because we were looking for a good series and Amazon offered it free for AmazonPrime members.  It is a really good show.  The main characters were well cast.  The only drawback for us was the music, which was way too loud.  So I had to turn the volume down now and then, between scenes.  It was a bit frustrating.  But the show is well worth your time.  It centers around a group of detectives in New York City.  All the quirks and faults of each detective was believeable.  I recommend this show.  Well worth your time to watch this.  I'm sorry there was only one season.
Finally a genera not yet explored until now with Mozart in the jungle . Excellent casting , I took to the characters right away and wished there was more . I'm excited for this series .
It comes in with excellent condition.  And it comes with 2 discs.  And this shows is very funny.  I also have season 2 and 3.  Am expecting Season 4 sometimes soon.
Loved &#34;Smash&#34; during its brief life on NBC.  Have been looking for it on Blu-Ray, but so far, I haven't found it.  Amazon Instant Video offered a solution.  They have it in HD (after originally promising season one in HD but only transmitting it in SD, though that has since been corrected).  have purchased both seasons on Amazon Prime Instant Video and until it comes out in Blu-Ray, I am perfectly happy with my purchase.
Eureka has outstanding actors cast perfectly in their roles, and what great roles. The situations the script has them in have me laughing out loud! I find myself eagerly forwarding to the next act!
This true based show lets the consumer aware of &#34;what could happen&#34; to you or loved ones. We are notmedia informed about how large this problem is. Avid watcher!
I bought this then realized it was streaming as part of my net flix subscription,  So compare 29.99 to 7.99.
Great cast, I have watch enough pilots to realize that often they don't move as fast in great shows because they are mired by details and developing round characters. Bosch wove so many threads in this episode it reminded me of something that usually i would have to find on BBC, but then i remembered the new surge of shows on AMC, FX, A&E, Netflix, et al. Bring on more.
This show is totally one of my favorite shows because Steve brings the investigative side & Amy brings the witchy~poo side to it. They are both incredibly accurate which at first was alarming but now it just rocks! &#128526;
I love Ben Cumberbatch. He is amazing in everything!!! I love this series. It's an interesting plot about how government tracts us without our knowledge and how much worst this is going to get in the near future.  I am going to watch this again and again. The acting is superb.
I'm not even all the way through season 4 but it keeps getting better. I really love this series. There's some high points and some low points but all in all it's a great series.
This is an Orwellian distopia type drama set in the near future.  For those that like this type of storyline, it's quite good.  The acting from Benedict Cumberbatch is top drawer as usual.  You must pay attention, as there are a number of sub-plots going on constantly.  My wife and I are only on episode two, but already hooked.
Another good TV series cancelled while still in its prime.  I'd heard nothing but good things about this series, so I watched and was NOT disappointed.
FX creates another great season of the Americans. Being that I grew up during this period of time as a twenty something year old man. I remember the Cold War and the tensions with Russia. So glad it is not as intense now.
It has a different feel than many of the shows in this genre. It's kinda refreshing to watch. Good acting.
I really enjoyed the series. The characters were interesting and the relationships had rapport. Would really like to see more of this series.
I liked the characters. I thought the story was relevant and well thought out. I think the premise is very relevant.
My son loves this between this and bubble guppies he can't get enough and is actually learning from watching the different shoes.  Hope the other seasons are offered as prime soon!
I love this show, I love the realistic relationships between the characters. I really, really, really enjoy the stable committed relationships in the show.  It is so nice to see a show where characters are in stable relationships and still are interesting and absorbing.
Just the opening sequence makes me giggle with little schoolboy glee.  It's kind of like Strangers with Candy, packs more in, more consistently funny.I've never gotten into The League, so I didn't take much notice when Kroll Show started.  But then I stumbled onto the Season 2 Preview / Season 1 Recap and wanted to check it out.  Like my girlfriend saith, &#34;this guy is hilarious.&#34;
Love this show and these dvd's. I can never get enough supernatural. characters are convincing, script is well written, effects are great. I think its one of the best storylines I have ever seen of any show on tv. Season 5 is currently airing, its intense. so buy this and catch up!
We are loving it.Love the new girl, love the Doctor as always and it has really been an amazing season so far.
The premise of this series is very touching and it carries well into the episodes. The acceptance of all &#34;body types&#34; and the valuing of individual gifts is very refreshing.
I love this show but I wish they would get back to it being mostly funny and less drama. I would strongly recommend it!
Lots of twists & turns & my wife & I were blown away by the ending. Sreenplay Terrific & so were the actors!
The wheeling and dealing and double-crossing amongst these ppl...OMG!! I was so glad to see it come to Netflix since I got rid of cable before season 2. Once I saw season 2, I had to get it here. We couldn't stop watching. Even my husband got hooked. He will watch it without me, lol...
This series is like Antiques Roadshow for the rest of us.  It always entertaining and informative.  It is well worth the 1.99!
I have been  watching Downton Abbey and thought this would be similar. Loved the characters and the story line. I highly suggest it.
Waiting for more!  Can't wait tosee season 4.  Smart, funny, hard hitting, love this production.  Edgy, gritty, well acted, cast is great.
Spooky true ghost stories told by people like me and you.shows state town house everything and has some pretty impressive spooky footage and evidence to back it up.makes me very glad I don't rent or plan on moving ...ever!!
There are a few shows I rate as 5 star, the best. Breaking Bad is the best of the best. Spartacus and Walking Dead. These are shows you can't wait for the next epidsode and are well written and character driven. If you are not watching Walking Dead you are truly missing out, I read the comic also and you can easily read up on all of them at comixology.com sometimes they have a sale for 1/2 price.
This is a new take on the old version 10 days instead of 7 ..all alone, no camera crew juwst les stroud and his knnowledge of survival entertaining and informative 2 blades up
Can't believe it is in it's fifth season already. Enjoy the drama and suspense. I am glad they brought Jeremy and Bonnie back to life. The spin on the double doppelg&auml;nger was a bit much though.
I love the outdoors,nature,this is a way of life that I can see me living.Sadly I don't,it wasn't meant for me so I get to watch it on these episodes and I love to watchem!!
This cast is oscar material, the script is strong and the story moves smoothly. I won't say a every bit of this was as expected, and there are parts that strain credulity. Eric Bana plays a strong character who is terribly flawed, as is his sister. Olivia Wilde plays the sister, cunning and scheming in a way that is predictable.
Alphas, as always, was amazing. I loved Season 2 even more!! Twists and turns and excellent screen writing abound!! A must see for any Alphas lover!!
Though sad to see the Bow Tie gone, this was a thoroughly enjoyable episode. It was nice that they really tied up many of the loose ends from the previous seasons was nice. Also, Peter Capaldi's first REAL cameo as the Doctor was nice. For some reason, I'm really looking forward to the next episode.
whitechapel's second season is a complete surprise: historical fiction, the swingin 6os, london, england, take its darkest, most corrupt and chilling chapter, ending with the iconic murder of the 1960s, see if you can catch it. great stuff.  if you like luther, you will enjoy this whitechapel season, lots.
This show is riveting and hold your attention.  There is so much going on and the web keeps getting tangled.  I am sorry next year will be the last season.  I have the entire set and will be watching them over and over.
We have all had awkward situations, but this poor girl endures alot.  She's a brave sole and I love to see the way she bounces back from all that embarassment.  At the end of the day, you need not be afraid of who you are, who cares what everybody else thinks!
LOVE Castle!!!! Great Show, greta actors, great chemistry! It continues to be a fun and entertaining series! I recommend watching this to EVERYONE!!!! OFFICIAL CASTLE JUNKIE!!!
This is our favorite show on TV right now.  The premise is too good.  We love all the actors, and the writers keep outdoing them selves.  The show is about a computer program that has integrated into the world wide web, and all of our computers.  It uses our cameras and monitoring systems as its eyes and ears.  Then the computer uses the information to see who needs help and gives our cast the information.  They are the arms and legs that kick the bad guys to the curb.  Yea.
Continuum is worth the hype. After discovering season one while it was still just a small Canadian show, I've been salivating for the second season. In the months since the first season ended though, Continuum has blown up in the US and while I am incredibly grateful for this--I was worried that it would somehow be affected or influenced in a negative manner given a bigger budget and larger audience.While the special effects used have been consistently top notch, the reason why this show works so well for me is not because it's scifi, but because of its emphasis on the characters. Personally, I think one of the greatest achievements of a scifi picture, is when it can let the viewer actually forget that is what they are watching. When the setting and characters are so authentic, that it's simply real. And I believe Continuum not only accomplished that in the first season, but that they are also nailing it in this season as well.Part of the larger budget has gone into better production quality, and it makes it visually an even more pleasure than watching the first. All the characters are back in a big way, and the storylines being set up are delicious. Enough cannot be said about Rachel Nichols acting. She is capable of both intense vulnerability as well as total and complete world domination. Very few actresses in Hollywood could even begin to attempt to pull Kiera off, but Nichols is simply captivating. The actor playing Kellog is also somewhat of a revelation. I know you're supposed to hope for Kiera to either make it back to her own time to be with her husband or end up with Carlos, but Kellog is just awesome. However, the relationship between Kiera and Alec is what really drives the show for me though, and season two succeeds in building off of the foundation in season one as well as greatly raising the stakes.Continuum is hands down one of the best tv shows currently on air. It has the plot, setting, characters, dialogue etc etc. Not to mention it also raises some very interesting ethical issues regarding big business versus governments with direct correlations to our current world (for anyone looking for some deeper content in their entertainment).  I honestly think most people would enjoy it as well. It transcends its genre by focusing on telling a freaking good story-----and who doesn't like an awesome story?***Just a heads up, for those of you who love Continuum and are looking for more in the same vein, I would check out this British spy thriller, Hunted (Mort). It's not sci-fi, but I found it had similar sensibilities, albeit a more serious tone--and personally loved it.
Excellent cast, stories well written, can't understand why it wasn't renewed for another season.  They left us with a few cliff hangers!
Don't get me wrong, I love watching Jack Bauer do his thing, but The Americans is extremely intriguing and can't wait to see Season 3 become available online - I'm a Trucker so I don't have the luxury of watching the shows when they air, but love watching them when they do become available on the road.  Great show - highly recommend to all
So far, so good. I doubt they can top season 6,The Silence are brilliant. But Doctor Who is a GREAT show that should continue for at least another 50 years.
I enjoyed watching the first season of Bitten and was disappointed that it might not be a second season. I really liked the story line. And every time an episode ended I couldn't waite for the next one
Best comedy since Friends. Good timing. Excellent outside characters. Love the bar setting. And the eventual hook ups bound to happen slowly but the chemistry was definitely was there.Box came a little bruised but whatever all the disc worked just fine so I'll be able to continually watch it so I don't care.Won't give away the coupling but since I haven't been able to handle any comedy since Friends lately this is the one to try out.
it has a lot of internal toiles in all the actors that makes them face there morals. as well it makes them change no matter there intensions.
Quality of video is was very well! Some of the best acting on TV!  Hamlet on Harley's. Kurt Sutter is genius
Awesome show, but does it bother anybody else that most historical shows always have Brits and their accents? Come on, I'd like to see more Americans in shows that are taped, produced and marketed here, call it a plea for the actors I know here. In reality if America is the modern likeness of Rome then it makes much more sense as well. I wonder what the Romans would sound like? Maybe Italian/Greek accent seems feasible. Anyways it's a good show, I just get sick of the whole British thing.
My grand daughter absolutely loves Duck Dynasty and so we are watching it for about the 20th time, but it is a good show with good values and she could be watching some real junk, Duck Dynasty is good values show with people who though a little crazy represent all the is good in America today.  I do wish Amazon would carry more G, PG and PG-13 movies and TV programing it is hard to find good TV, its either murders or sex or both and bad language abounds even in the PG-13 so we end up watching a lot of Clean House, we've watched all of a lot of the series and find it hard to find new ones that we enjoy because they are so limited.  We do not and will not watch R rated and will shut off smutty PG-13.  So when we reach our limit on what Amazon offers we will leave it for another channel.  There must be someone who respects the adult viewer who doesn't care for R or close to  it TV
This show is funny. When I first read the summary I was very skeptical but it delivered.  Please make multiple seasons.  There is a &#34;snow&#34; monkey with a gun!!!! This is awesome!!!!
My four year old granddaughter loved this film. It is every little girl's dream, pretty clothes, magic, magic wand, ability to make dreams come true.Bianca, the little girl in this film, is very cute,wears frilly colorful clothes, has a cute little voice and likes to have fun. During this 13 minute film, we follow her adventures, under sea, with her friends, singing and dancing. And, all the while Bianca is thinking of her friends and how to make them happy. This is a feel good film, filled with color and lots of movement. The music is Great, easy to danced with and I could see toes tapping, and arms waving. My granddaughter liked Bianca's voice and her easy way of doing things. She could be a Princess or a Mermaid or a singer or dancer. She is everything a little girl would want to be, a little girl's dream.A series with Bianca would attract a lot of attention.Recommended. prisrob 02-10-14
This was another great season of Glee. It was much different in my perspective from the past seasons, but that does not mean you don't get great music, dancing and acting as you have gotten in previous seasons. I was wondering in this season how they were going to continue on after some of the main characters graduated, but the writers did a great job and kept the plot moving on, not in a forced way in any sense. The plot in this season was compelling and made me want to continue watching from episode to episode which is exactly what I was hoping for when I started watching. All-in-all, whether you are a die-hard GLEE fan or only a semi-watching viewer, this was a great DVD set for another great season and I would definitely encourage all to watch!*I received a copy for review - all opinions are my own*
We love our anthony the bad boy. He tell an awesome story and his perspective on the food and travel is so unique i feel like i'm right there with him
I wasn't sure what to expect but I was hooked right away. Great job Amazon. I will be watching for more of this.
The character development is awesome.It glorifies the business of law a bit, but it is built for entertainment. The strategies that go into the plot development are very heavy.  I appreciate the attention to detail on character development as well.
My husband and I have been riveted to the Killing. It's basically a whodunit, but very well done. Great atmospherics of Seattle, dark & rainy. Great performances, and wonderful chemistry between the two stars. Billy Campbell is a great new find.Highly recommended. Not HBO, therefore no gratuitous nudity, thank God. Just good old evil. :-)
Very funny.  And some great lines.  Not sure which is my favorite.  'fumblef*cking that up', 'you're a human fossil', or 'your pee is a thick as gravy'.  lolol  I hope this makes the cut.  !
What an excellent show where the writers have an ensemble interaction, young and old, down to perfection with acting to fulfill the writing!  Vera and Joe have got it going on in such a bizarre, cantankerous wonderful kinda way with excellent support from Holly and Kennie!
The characters in this show are very interesting, the story is full of excitement, and surpring at time too. We love this series!!
This show has so much going for it.  Every fairy tale character I've ever heard of so far is incorporated into a story line!
I decided to watch this series mainly because I'm a huge SMG fan and have been ever since Buffy the Vampire Slayer. I wanted to watch something a little more recent that she has done. I was impressed, I rented the first episode to check it out and then immediately bought the whole season to keep. Sarah of course plays twin sisters one whom is a recovering drug addict named Bridget and one who is a well to do trophy wife named Siebahn (I think that's right). Bridget witnesses a murder and goes on the run to avoid getting killed, she makes contact with her sister and winds up staying with her. After Siebahn suposedly kills herself Bridget decides to assume her identity (hence the name) and hide in plain sight. Well, all is not as it seems and no one is who you think they are and there are plot twists at every turn. This show has excellent writing and a truly great cast especially Sarah playing the dual role she does. I highly recommend this show if you are a SMG fan or even a mystery fan. The only down side is that there will never be a season 2 which is too bad, this series deserves better. Anyway check it out, you won't be disappointed.
Scary situations: real life. One gets into the feelings both the victim\s and 911 operators are feeling when this is happening.
Season 3 is INCREDIBLY fast-paced!!! While the program borrows elements of the prison/Woodsbury storyline from the comic, it takes a very different approach on the material. Must-see TV!
Always on the lookout for quality children's programming for our family, my wife and I fell in love with this show.  I think I like watching it even more than the kids.  We typically stick with educational shows, which I do not believe this would fall into, but consider this to be a quality show.In addition to its innocence, this show is full of great songs and really encourages imagination.  It is very well thought out, with sub plots of each episode neatly relating to one another and all tying together.This is GREAT stuff!
Some actors are innately suited to certain roles.Brian Cox was great in The Escapist as an old , gritty , cynical prisoner with a hidden heart and Paul Dano as a young , indoctrinated zealot in There Will Be Blood .The Good Heart can only be comedic with the polarity between the same sort of roles. Dano is the stooge for Cox's satire; a jaded barman adopts a  kind but spaced out , homeless kid to apprentice into running his seedy batchelor bar out of a doggedness  to keep the bar's traditions alive since he doesn't seem to have much time left with a dodgy heart.I kept forgetting this was an American movie as the humour is so British.The film is enlivened by the the regulars at the bar and a stray female,  who intrudes onto this male bastion at one point. The barman and his apprentice wake up perspectives lacking in the other but not without its frictions , banter and kinship.This film has a continuous stream of amusement running through it against a backdrop of pathos with an ending that satisfys. Quite thoughtful in a way.
Cranford is totally charming from the first moment.  I found myself watching 2 shows in an evening... and searching for the second season.  Please tell me there IS a second season???
I love how this show is so accurate in the events. Seems to take me right back to the 1800s. Lots of dirty words and women!!
They may be speaking Chinese, but you almost feel you can understand the actors. Well done film that held my interest throughout. It is one Hollywood should watch to get back to what they used to do well.
I wasn't going to bother with this when it first aired, until a friend told me about it. So I gave it a try for a couple episodes, and was hook....to the point I bouth the season so that I could rewatch it.It's an interesting 'twist' on the classic, borrowing the name and not much else. The story is set in present day, with 'flash backs' to G.Washington's army and the history of the region. Of course it has the 'bad guys', as well as witches and 'healers'.The cast was well chosen, and they interact well.I'm looking forward to another season.
I really enjoy smart television and this show is smart.  It's well written and the characters are lovable.  I would definitely recommend!
Big Bang Theory really seems to have found a formula that works.  The show has great pacing and some excellent humor.  The characters and their relationships change just enough each episode to keep us interested in them and in following the course of the show.  Season 7 is no different.  This is another great entry in a great series, and is definitely worth picking up if you are a fan of the series.
The bones series are one of the best if you like crime and love then these are the series for you
This is one of the best shows...though it doesn't have the one liners to remember like..."if you were anymore of a bitch you would have puppies"...and "someone to call me bitch and make it feel like a hug"...but all in all a good one...and i can't wait to see betty and don rickles do routine together...i thoroughly enjoyed this episode...
real life presentation.  excellent quality which is usual for ID.  easy to follow cases and issues related to interrogation.  if you like detective stories etc. this is right up that alley.
This is by far the best police show since &#34;Third Watch&#34;.  This show is intense and hopefully will run for the next 10+ years.  The crossover done with Chicago Fire was brilliant.  Dick Wolf is a great writer and I look forward to the new episodes for season 2.  Watch this show from the beginning as you will see everything unfold.
enjoyed all episodes of season 16 I only hope it continues with 2014(season 56) cant wait for it to appear
I did not watch this show while it was on till the very end. But once my doctor told me what it was really about, I started watching it from the beginning and played catch up over two weekends and finally saw the last couple of episodes on tv.  I will definitely watch the next season as I am now a believer. I have become invested in the characters. I have to admit is is a Great TV show!!!
Ike finds himself enthralled by the Royal Candaian Weding, and stays home to watch it. This leads to a series of events in which he is unable to continue a play at school and where he needs to go to Canda. Kyle finds himself filling in for Ike and doing the play, but no one seems to be able to do anything right.This episode has been one of the better ones in a while, and I think that says a lot. In Season 14, I found myself a little bit on or off BUT here, in 15, everything seems to be going well. I personally like the detour to the little kids in this, and I like the Canadian storyline. It has something in it for everyone, plus it takes its shot at the Royal Wedding well in the televised comments.The VOD on this is pristine, making it worth watching. And this season has been great, and only gets better. I think a 5/5 is justly deserved, with me never wanting to have to scrape off pudding or deal with an arm like the Royals have to.
Great cast and great first episode. Quality/entertaining television is hard to find on the networks. So far this show is really great.
My favorite "Mountain Man" of all is Eustace Conway in North Carolina. He truly lives off the land and uses primitive means that he contrives himself.Tom Oar in Montana puzzles me: his wife was concerned for her safety with the grizzlies and the wolves coming onto the premises and Tom was going to be away selling their crafts. His solution? Bring out "The Gun" and teach her how to use it. Just what was "The Gun"? A single shot break-action .410 shotgun! He must have been thinking "well, at least I have her well-insured!" Any "Mountain Man" knows that a .410 would be no more effective against large predators than a BB gun and firecrackers.Marty in Alaska is a pessimist if I ever saw one. Perhaps with good reason though. Murphy's Law rules the roost of his home! He does seem to take unnecessary risks that in my mind, will eventually catch up to him thus fulfilling his pessimistic outlook.I do like this series! Eustace is the only one I would ever consider as a mentor. He is resourceful, tough, and a man I can (and do) respect.
I like the concepts of the show, the actors and the mix of personalities of the characters. AS they move into the next seasons, it;s getting harder for the writers to keep raising the stakes, but so far, the ideas have been fresh with interesting plot twists and good season arcs. It's a nice break from reality.
What song is played in the beginning? I look on YouTube and I guess the tv version has a different version then the one on Amazon instant video. HELP!
Love to watch Robert Irvine change a failing restaurant into a great one.  He may be painfully honest but the owners really need that.
I find this series unique as it draws both pathos and anger in equal measure.  Always a surprise!  See it!
Georgory Itzin plays ex-CIA director Henry Wilcox who was recently released from prison for treason.  His mission is to avenge the death of his son, a former CIA operative who was killed the previous season by a bomb under his car outside a DC eatery.  Each episode builds on Henry's intricate plan to destroy the careers and then ulitimately kill everyone he holds responsible for his son Jay Wilcox's death to the finale.Like the book you can't put down, you will want to binge watch this season of Covert Affairs.
I Wait all week for the show! It has just enough drama and action to make it perfect.....for years now the walking dead was my number ONE show, but sadly, it took just a few episodes of the Vikings to totally steal that spot.'....the show is amazing
Agatha C. has done it again with another fantastic season.  Don't miss a minute of it, you will love it.
I have completed all three seasons and have enjoyed all episodes .Timothy Olyphant  plays a great roll as good guy as well as bad guy.I suggest it your a western fan do yourself a favor and check this one out,
This show is like a modern day western. Great stories with fantastic acting. Start with the first season and work your way forward. You won't regret it.
One of the best new shows - maybe THE best - of the season.  James Spader owns this role!  At the end of each episode, we are wide-eyed and awaiting the next episode with bated breath.
THE ACTING OF THE FOUR LEADS IS EXCELLENT, THEY PLAY OFF EACH OTHER VERY WELL.  WELL WRITTEN ANDVERY FUNNY.
This pilot is fantastic. The Walking Dead has, well, become pretty dull and &#34;dead&#34;. This pilot showes tremendous potential for a hit series.
I was very surprised about this program.  I thought it would be very violent, but it is not.  It is very witty and entertaining.  I have always been a James Spader fan and I am enjoying his role immensely.
The deaf and hearing adds so much more to a story that's already so intriguing. My boyfriend and I both love it-it's actually are favorite abc family show and considering we don't have kids and love it really says something!
This series is one of the best series produced for television. It is ground breaking on so many levels it is worth seeing more than once.. I strongly recommend watching ALL of the seasons.. You will be engaged and entertained.
What  a  great  name for a great  show. I love it. It's  original  how can you not. Especially  Elijah he is really  getting  hotter  and hotter  with every new episode.
another great show  , hope they never cancel it, it could go on and on forever and i will always buy the seasons, amazing amazing amazing! this show is not for small children as it has some very scary moments great for adults in it. is a great way to put the book to life!!!
My grandsons love Oswald. It is perfect for young kids, not offensive in any way. Storyline is easy to follow.
What can I say about this series that hasn't already been said?  It is absolutely the best rendition of this story ever filmed.  It is my go-to movie if I don't know what else to watch.  And it seems new and fresh every time.
I think seasons 3 and 4 are the best. this is usually when a series hits its stride if its going to make it. they are funny, fun, exciting. every case has a little twist. you really want to be friends with gus and sean.
I loved this show!  I watched the first season in sequence and then followed it w/ season 2.  This is another fine tv show that falls victim to corporate poor choices in not finding an audience to keep it on the air for more than 2 season.  Highly recommend.
I love this series and all the actors in it.  I love how their characters are melding together and growing. I cant wait for the next weeks show to come.
True self reliance is shown. I have a new respect for people who love this way.  A good show that is more than mere entertainment.
I good series of mysteries and stories we know and don't. I highly recommend for ages 15 and up. Good for history fans.  Also some make you cry.
This spin off of Vampire Diaries is true to CW form. Beautiful cast, fabulous scenery, great drama, and brilliantly crafted flashbacks. It is not for the faint of heart as there is a great deal of bloodshed but if you tolerate that well you will become enthralled with Klaus, Rebekah, and Elijah and the mysteries of the French Quarter.
"The Vanishing on 7th Street" is another successful addition to director Brad Anderson's sparse but powerful output since he revived the horror genre with the 2001 masterpieceSession 9.  Since then, he has produced this film and the largely unrecognized yet brilliant film with Christian BaleThe Machinist.  Though Anderson does a lot work with HBO on some pretty successful material (The Wire, Boardwalk Empire) it is pretty obvious that his talent lies in the horror genre.  If he committed himself to continue making films like this insidiously creepy little masterpiece with John Leguizamo, Hayden Christensen, and Thanide Newson he would end up being seeing his name up there with Tobe Hooper, George Romero, F.W. Murnau, and the other legends of the macabre.The film is shot, appropriately, in a rundown area of Detroit.  The reasons for the inexplicable darkness which engulfs the entire city, driving Paul, Luke, Rosemary and young James into a panicked frenzy of what if's, why's and what's is not spoonfed to you.  A lot of reviewers, and most of the critics, are erroneously dismissing this as nothing but a mere mood piece.  Those do exist and tend to fall all too often in the horror/psychological terror category, but this is not one.  It has a point and meaning.  (People can takeI Know What You Did Last Summerseriously, call it a scary movie, and not take this seriously?  Really?)  The darkness and what it symbolizes--death and the eradication of identity once and for all?--is put to a test against the fears, the regrets, and the determination of the characters to either let this force overtake them or not.Brilliant and a must see.
Always impressed. It is very fascinating and educational. This show is almost the Bill Nye of the twentieth century. FILLER.
These have become a series of two character plays, superbly acted, in which the plot inches along.  However, the immediate premise of each episode is so compelling and the characters so appealing that I am perfectly content with the minimalist approach of this season's arc.  As always, the nightmares as presented onscreen are far more satisfying than my own so they improve my quality of life twice, once when I'm watching them and later when I'm dreaming them.  And, oh yes, there are zombies . . .
Great story! Fascinating characters! Not like anything on the so-called major networks. I think it should win awards. Hope Amazon plans to put out more originals! Free with Prime which is worth every penny!
Life as we know it has been developed by the influence of the Vikings.  Very little is taught in the classroom at grade school level regarding the exploits of Lief, Eric and Eric the Red.. If it were not for the Vikings desire to seek other lands, we would still be in the stoneage of flight.  When I was traveling to Europe after WWII, Greenland was a strategic landing spot to refuel.  Recommend you take 45 minutes to watch this wonderful film.
Interesting story line.  More a story about survival than a senseless zombie flick.  The type of series that makes you think &#34;what if???&#34;
Great adventure series and good story lines and character development.  It obviously has a big budget and the sets are gorgeous.  The art direction is tops.  My only criticism is that the writers are hell-bent over leather to kill off favorite main characters, i.e., Dr Beckett, Elizabeth Weir, etc.  I think this series could have run much longer had these characters been allowed to remain.  The Wraith are some of the most intriguing space villains ever.  Deserves the 5 stars.
great show for early art education. I really liked how they paired learning about classic art and an easy to do art project which also connects to the painting featured. I really think this will be a good creative motivator for young children.
My kids absolutely love this show! Great, quality, clean programming for kids. Wish there were more shows like this one!!
Lots of testosterone, but copious talent brimming over in a rich fantasy of musical conflict of great beauty. Holy Smoke! I've got to see what happens next.
From the bleak, broken world with its tiny personal living spaces and small pleasures, to the twisted plot that our character finds himself drawn into, this little gem is well worth your time. The animation is as strange and intriguing as the picture on the front, with realistic over-sized faces attached to inadequate bodies. The main character's deadpan acting adds a sublime sense of resignation to this futuristic view of life under corporate control. How interesting that this viewing coincides with the corporate destruction taking place off the coast of my state in the Gulf of Mexico. Seeing the power of a huge corporation first hand makes Metropia seem all the more possible.
This little cartoon is my son's favorite show right now!  It has a plus of being educational as well as entertaining. There's a lot about math and counting.
The series flows coherently. Characters are appealing.Hope to have it continue on prime soon.Thanks for showing us this season.
Here we find the Doctor finally wising up after all the centuries about his companions being more than they appear.  First it was Romana through River Song.  Now he has to learn about this one, however he's taking different approach to the whole problem than he has in the past.  I like this one because it keeps us guessing about how he will do this.  It's too bad their 'ending the series' again.  I think they will bring it back since he has one more regeneration left.
This is a great show.  Husband and sons watch it over and over again.  Character, honor, and family values never go out of style... even when pressure is applied.
This teaches nice social behavior as well as the goodness in helping others. &#34;this is seweious&#34; is my sons favorite line.
Overall has most of my favorite episodes. It's hard to explain, but there is something about the cast of characters and how they interact that is very believeable despite the unreal events they cope with. The acting is sincere, and we know the foibles and quirks of the characters which makes the epidsodes more fun. I think I like &#34;Insane in the P Brane&#34; best of all.  The two scientists on either side of a scientific breakthrough, unknown to them, but one thinks he's hearing his mother from the after life is done very well. I miss my Eureka &#34;friends&#34;.
still such a great concept of a show, pitting experienced chefs in mystery basket challenges, it's like i'm back at culinary schoolthe drawback is I rarely make it past the first course before I zonk out
Joel Kinnaman is brilliant, direction is fantastic, the light (and DARK), the rain, the music is distinctive and effective.  Usually, I can't take writing about subjects that dark, but it is so assured and thorough you don't ever feel beaten up or depressed.  This team is in control of something very special,  and of course I'm crazy in love with Joel Kinnaman.  Enos has the harder part, less flashy, handles it well, but her face is severe (with her hair pulled back) and a little odd/devoid of emotion.  I think this oddity is ok (her short stature and long red ponytail), but there are other actresses - Monica Bello, Cassidy Freeman? - who have expressive and serious chops and might convey more with just the slightest curl of a lip...?  ANyway, I would not miss an episode and even (unheard of for me) watch them twice, sometimes more.  It's an education in great episodic filmmaking.
I love this show & I especially love Piper ~ she is one of the sexiest women I have ever seen!!
I am a deadwood fan, So Timothy Olyphant playing a US marshal is a no brainer. He was excellent as Seth bullock, And just as good as Raylon. I like the writing in this series, All the actors are very convincing. The setting is in Kentucky and if you think hillbillys are dumb, You would be wrong.
THE ORPHANAGE is scary.  Not Hollywood-hey-let's-show-all-our-cards scary.  I'm talking about cover your eyes, look away, symbolic terror.  A woman wiping her face with what we know to be human ashes.  Creepy figures half-seen and then gone.  This is a film that gets under your skin.The plot is fairly simple: Laura moves into the orphanage where she grew up.  With her is her adopted son Simon and her husband Carlos.  Before moving into the Orphanage, Simon had two imaginary friends; after a day in the new place, he has six.  And then a strange old lady shows up...and then Simon goes missing.  Months pass, and eventually Laura feels compelled--against her husband's wishes--to seek help from beyond.The film plays with typical horror stereotypes: creepy old buildings; creepy little children; creepy old people.  What makes everything work here is director J.A. Bayona's understated style; he doesn't spell things out for us, he lets the tension--and character development--build, until we reach a gut-wrenching climax.  You can see it coming, of course; the problem with horror films these days is that there's not a lot that hasn't been done.  Thus, we must focus on HOW it is done; and in this regard, THE ORPHANAGE excels.The lead performances from Belen Rueda and Fernando Cayo are rock-solid; supporting roles--especially an incredibly spine-chilling turn from Geraldine Chaplin--are just as good.  In case you're wondering: Guillermo Del Toro's presence is felt, but only in an off-hand way.  Some scenes are so horrifically beautiful, one can't help but be completely awed.  This is, ultimately, a beautiful little film; not the greatest horror movie ever made, but certainly a rare treasure, and proof that there is still gold to be mined in the genre, even if it takes a fresh face like Bayona to find it.
This is a particularly bad film, so if you are new to MST3K, steer clear until you get a few more episodes under your belt. Also, just so you realize the amount of pain and suffering the MST3K crew had to go through, you need to understand that they watch the movie over and over and over so they can script their riffs. You are only forced to watch it once; they are forced to watch it several times. Just thinking of watching this movie without the riffing hurts me badly.
Dickens  writing reflects the darker side of humanity but also the redemptive power of love and kindness.  This story stays true to that formula.  Portrayal of all the characters in this story is very well done by many of my personal favorites.  Clare Foy and Matthew MacFadyen are excellent.  Judy Parfitt is brilliant in her role and Andy Sirkus is creepy and despicable which is what he does best.  My husband did not want to watch this at all but quickly found it interesting and intriguing.If you appreciate all things British I highly recommend your investment of time.
My granddaughter loves this show, and wants to watch it every opportunity she gets!  Of course, she, and her stuffed toys/animals/dolls, get to enjoy it with her! :-)
This season is one of my favorites.  The series is really hitting its stride and, as with the other BD releases, the bonus features are hilarious.
I have really enjoyed this series.  I am at the end of series 4 and have one left.  It has great acting, lots of action and maybe a little over the top plot but that to me is what makes it enjoyable to watch.  I am not much of a reality show watcher.  Don't care for shows that are too true to life, got enough drama in my own life, so fiction works better for me.  I am just sad there is only 5 series.  Love Amazon and neflix to be able to start from the begining and watch when I want.
These guys are hilarious but they keep to their religious views at the end of the day.
This show really grabs me.  I practice psychiatry - and so I do notice some &#34;technical difficulties&#34; with some of what the writers have going on.  But the characters are engaging and sympathetic, and the plots are pretty clever.  Really enjoying this series.
WAITING FOR THE NEXT SEASON. I NOW HAVE A WAY TO VIEW IT WITH MY KINDLE FIRE. WHEN IS THE NEXT SEASON ?
House is always the man with me. He can siolve any medical mystery, and smart as you know what. Like this show a lot...
I love every epasoide of NCIS  it is my favorite show
Justified is one of the best shows, up there with Breaking Bad and Sons of Anarchy. Raylan is a great character ,and the plot line continues to evolve and improve.
Love this show...Great actors, good plot. Keeps you wanting more. just wish it didn't take so long to get added to  Amazon!
This series undoubtedly doesn't even scratch the surface of Commie infiltration of out government, to say nothing of radical Islam infection of our society and proliferation of narco-terrorists cells throughout America.  We don't need threats from abroad.  We have all we need right here.
The songs are catchy and the characters and stories are super cute.  We are totally on the guppy train in this house :)
Season 3 as a whole, especially its ending, was just a bit short of a disaster, with its device for having Eric Millegan's character, Zach Addy leave the series, as the totally improbable assistant of the cannibalistic Gormagon master. The two episode opener for season 4 is a very nice twist, putting the series back on track, with Booth and Brennan both giving lectures in London, and are called in to assist in the investigation of an American's murder.The sub-plot with Brennan's father (Ryan O'Neal) becomes a bit more interesting, although that thread in the ongoing story never caught my interest. Another rather dull thread is the effort to have Angela's husband from the South Pacific sign divorce papers, so Angela and Hodgins can get married.True to the theme in the opening two episodes, it seems as if Booth and Brennan spend a lot of time away from the lab. One especially tense and entertaining episode has Booth and Brennan solving a murder while on a plane to China, which they must do as long as the plane is in the air, and still sovereign U.S. soil. Another story traces the victim to Norway, and Sweets is a big help in solving the case. In fact, in seasons 3 and 4, Sweets is a more serious character than he becomes in later seasons with his entanglement with one of Brennan's assistants, Daisy.The season also ends with a bang, with an episode based entirely on a dream, in which all the actors, including returning Eric Millegan, and all other regular and recurring characters appear as characters not their own, and Brennan and Booth are married.
One of the best shows out there for big and little kids.  It is clean and a great laugh this is a show you don't want to miss.  Bring out the kid in all a great family night show.  You will not be let down an inch
John Woo's huge historical drama and battle epic, set in 208 A.D., is an international hit from last year and new on Blu-ray.  Available in two versions, the tighter 148 minute cut condenses the original two-part, nearly five hour, depiction of the massive battle that ended the Han Dynasty into a clear overview of the forces that changed the face of China forever.  The longer version allows for much more character development and methods of strategy employed in the conflict of the Han warrior's attack on two warlords that stand in his way.  (Spoiler alert)  An attack that failed when the warlords banded together and defeated the overwhelming forces of the Han emperor in a heroic campaign "unrivaled in history."  Woo does justice to the extraordinary scale of the story and the intimacy of the men involved.  The result is a massive and beautiful tapestry of a gargantuan, visually breathtaking, battle.  It is rare for a film to so perfectly capture the emotions and also invoke the visceral vectors of history when a paradigm shifts so completely.
I really like this show, it's like walking dead meets battlestar galactica and more. I don't think it tackles certain things quite as well as either of those shows but I feel like it's better than most of whats on tv right now. definitely worth a watch.
Our family loves this show. We ordered the season so our daughters could watch it since they do not have cable at their homes.
I love this series, it makes you really think in a different way, and realize just how small we are in the universe, and all of the unexplained ruins in the world are just fascinating, never knew anything about so much of these ruins, just fascinating!
One has to love the Brit adjectives that are new to us yanks: tidy, brilliant, genuine, crackin', etc.  This show is a hoot but only if one has closed captions.
Out of all the attempts at a believable show with fantasy species' I think this is one of, if not the best. The special effects are good, there's not a lot of detectable superfluous CGI and there's an ongoing, engaging story line. It's both campy and fun. I also like that there is a same - sex relationship and it doesn't have that persecuted, preachy, 'look at us' undertone. The acting is good and the characters are well developed.
Loved this episode!  What a turn of events!
Never a dull moment in the CHOPPED kitchens, from people cutting themselves to those crazy ingredients. Those chefs that are WAY too cocky and those that are truly humble and deserving. I LOVE this show and I always crave for more! I love it when time runs out and someone forgets something, timing is everything, on this show and life in general!
An interesting series with not so ordinary but down to earth persons playing the corporate real life and legal politics and drama games that competitive jobs often drown us into.  I like that most episodes don't depend on the next...I can watch any episode and get a complete show with whatever ending and not have to wait for next show.
Began watching this series about a month ago - could not get it on my local rural cable service. I like the pace, the dialogue and the relationships developed in season 1 and that continue in season 2. Looking forward to Season 3 - a challenge not to &#34;view ahead!&#34;
Man, I won't lie. I'm more than a bit shell-shocked over this episode. Sutter.....Sutter is a mad genius with a pen. I'm saddened over what went down in this episode but I admire Sutter's guts in doing it, knowing that fan reaction would be intense. Sutter has no sacred cows. He warned us before the start of the season that Sons was about Jax's voyage, and brother, this will affect the direction Jax takes from now on. Already he is harder. I'm sad but I can't turn away. I can't remember when a show has hooked me this hard. I didn't want to see what I saw in this episode, yet it stays within the familiar bounds of love and brotherhood that these Sons have for one another. Amazing. This is shaping up to be the best seasons of Sons yet
As my review title goes, this was a great show.  Originally I thought it would be a comedy, but it's more of a drama with a lot of irony.  Not your typical formula show, which is why it was so cool but also probably why it got cancelled (can anyone say &#34;Firefly&#34;?).
Why it only has 4 stars I will never understand. The humor is one of a kind! The acting was right on, and the story line couldnt be any better.
Season 3 of Alias is definitely still good.  The action is there, and there are plenty of relational twists for the viewer to enjoy.
This season is really great in terms of developing the big story.  It would be a lame show that introduced a sentient machine and didn't examine what that might mean, but POI is really going the extra mile :)
The Doctor is the longest running si fi on television and there is little dout as to why. It's great.
Okay, that only happens sometimes!  This is a great show that challenges excellence and gives these experts and enthusiasts a chance to try weaponry that is a once in a lifetime opportunity.  It's fantastic.
This show is exceptionally well done. Very credible, with cocky lawyers of course but done in an entertaining believable way. We have really been enjoying the series.
I loved the pilot.  It sucked me in right from the start.  Great cast.  I can't wait to see what happens next!
Great dialogue, terrific acting, fun plot twists, memorable characters and some great, dark humor.  This is one of my favorite shows ever!
I love this show...my husband does too. It's fun, great cast, well scripted and all-around entertaining. Must watch from Season 1.
This was a wonderful treat of a movie. The characters develop at a quick pace and in somewhat realistic manners which really make the movie enjoyable. The main character is quirky and has a lot of depth.
This 3d feature looks stunning on blu ray 3d. It was of course a 45 minute 3max show that is a nature program. The one star ratings on this are by people who don't understand what underwater 3d is about. IN fact 3d is often used just for depth and not for things coming out at you.  GET OVER THIS IDEA.  Jim carrey makes a whimsical narrator on this one and he's clearly enjoying his job!. The show like all modern nature shows gives a glimpse of the vanishing ocean vistas that man is destroying.  If you don't like short nature programs then don't buy imax blu ray shows. If you do this is a good underwater one. THere was only one scene where my 3d went double vision on me, some releases do that much more. So all and all this is a good one for nature lovers who want some depth to the picture.
As I was flipping through the choices of episodes I did notice some missing.  I just about have these all memorized and noticed that most.  However, I love them all.
The medicine is impeccable but trades on the ultra super impossibly rare disease of the week. Ethics need to be polished and NOT ORDERING A CAT SCAN OR MRI 5 TIMES PER SHOW WOULD BE APPRECIATED. Those things are expensive and with the CT scan, you get a pile of radiation.
Love/hate the cast. It does do a really good job of making you care for the characters. Alot of sad moments but ALOT of really happy ones as well.
This farewell to Matt Smith tied up a bunch of loose ends and hanging questions. Probably not the most satisfying explanations for things, it probably could or should have been a 2 parter to give more time and gravity to certain things. It leaves new questions like, will the Doctor eventually return to Trenzalore and have another enormous battle? But it introduces Peter Capaldi and resets his regnerations to allow the Doctor to continue for another 50 years.
After reading some of the reviews here, I put off watching the film for a week or so. I tend to ignore most critiques if there's general waffling and I'm pleased I did in this case, as well.I won't do a synopsis of the plot since there's plenty of that already but will say the film is based on the novel of the same name written by Julia Leigh.The film makers did an incredible job capturing the look and feel of a fairly hardcore trek through Tasmanian jungle and scrubland.Deft acting by all players keeps the film moving well as Defoes character goes through a quiet rebirth as his humanity and choices are challenged by happenstance when he's reluctantly pulled into the position of fourth tier in an "instant family".This is not 'The Expendables", it's not 'Rambo' and it's not "Jaws in the Woods'. It's a well crafted film with a tempo for those who can go for 120 minutes without the planet getting shredded by robots.It's quiet for long moments and dialogue is often absent as it should be when you're tracking anything elusive.The wrap up is like reading a Gerald Seymour novel - rarely a happy ending. This one, while down beat, does leave a glimmer of hope.Somebody send ScientistinDC some cartoons and a grammar book.
The film is overwhelming with overkill.  It has everything.  Great stunts, great cinematography, epic (and acrobatic!) battle scenes, more blood than Quentin Tarantino could stomach, some sex, tea ceremonies, Chinese poetry, The Art of War, great acting, great overacting.  Director Woo was out to Wow and he succeeded.  Don't skip the credits.  The cast and crew of this film make the old DeMille &#34;cast of thousands&#34; look sadly understaffed.  If we started making films like this in the USA we could reduce the unemployment rate below 4 percent in no time at all.
This isn't your average TV series, it is what I have been looking forward to seeing more of on television! A series about Hannibal Lector that in itself says it all, and it is so well played and thought out it just draws you in immediately and you never know what kind of mind games it is going to pull next or what crazy crime is going to happen. I just can't wait to see what is next! I am a big horror fanatic and I love that they have made one of my favorite sinister serial killer character into a series, it truly is a must see. I absolutely love it..
After almost allowing H.G. Welles to activate the Yellowstone Caldera Myka leaves the Warehouse. In her absence an new Agent Steve Jinx is added to the team. But during an investigation involving a lost Shakespeare Folio Myka rejoins Pete and Steve to get to the bottom of the mystery. But that one case is only the tip of the iceberg. Someone is out there with unimaginable resources and knowledge and it's his mission to destroy not only the Warehouse but the ruling Regents as well, including Jane who has a close relationship with one Agent in Particular. Warehouse 13 continues it's connection to fellow Syfy series Eureka as well as newcomer series Alphas.This season features some great comedy, outstanding drama, many twists and turns and some tragedy. The finale ends in a way you won't believe.
I absolutely love this show!  The chemisrty betwen these two main characters is amazing!  I love how Sherlock figures out the crimes.....and especially happy that Aidan Quinn is a major part of the cast!  So very happy this has been renewed for a second season because I am so addicted to the show!
Looks like a fun, fresh & adventurous show, that encourages kids to tap into their creative side & use their imagination. My 10 yr old grew up with Dora & Blues Clues, but she enjoyed watching this pilot very much. It inspired her to makes arts & crafts after the show, with simple things around the house. I can see this show having great success!
This new season does not disappoint! It totally remains suspenseful! All the characters are still the same and this season gives you more details about their past lives! Purchase well spent!
Very funny, action and weirdness that is great. Each character is just crazy enough to befunny enough. The plots are different but believable.
I loved the fact that this movie was 4 hrs long.It's staying on my shelf.The one flaw was the prop wash when the defending navy set off to torch the enemy ships.One would think that as much CGI was in the film, they could have done a quick erase.That being said ...I liked the 3 Kingdoms Chinese history.There wasn't a lot of wire foo which made the film more believable.You were rooting for the good guys in this movie.I have a huge respect for the cast & crew.Could you imagine filming during a monsoon with your set being washed away every few days?Yeah ... watch the specials.
cody lundin and dave canterbury show after a horrific storm how to collect items of use purify water and live in a world turned upside down, this is a great video all should own and watch time and again because the unexpected can happen to us all
I did not get the feeling that we will never know the Voynich Code.  Indeed, the film showed the progress made in discovering its true history.  Many considered it to reflect the era of the 17th century and used that as a basis for all theories.  So, when the scientific researcher actually proved that the book was actually written in the 15th century, this new discovery begins a new chapter in cracking the language.  Strong theories have been that a code was actually used.  Yet, since this document dated back much earlier, can those theories still be applicable?  The woman who spoke on the overall contextual meaning somewhat determines the meaning of the book as one more of entertainment than one of instruction. I expect this will have a great impact as to who may be interested in funding more research on it.  Though the impression of the painting was presumed to be almost child-like, more needs to be considered when doing a comparison of the era in which it is now determined to have been created in.  I do hope there is a Voynich Manuscript II film.  We are not finished.  And based on studies thus far, I expect there are more surprises ahead.  That is exactly how the film ended--with you feeling just like that.
Awesome season, hate that this show is going away it's one of my favorites, the characters are great but the Betty storyline doesn't really even need to be there any longer not interesting.
The music is great.  The narration, stories, and animation is good too.  My 3.5 year old loves watching this after he stumbled on the series on youtube.
This is an exciting and good show. Lots of turns and twists and the more you watch the more you get to know.
First, an important caution when reading reviews of this product. Amazon has a policy of grouping all reviews of all formats of a film (theater, Amazon Instant  DVD, BD) together. As I submit this review there are already 23 reviews posted, only one of which is of the DVD or Bluray. So, I always suggest to look to see which product is being reviewed and to look for the date of the review. That will guide you best. Now on to my review of the Bluray.Of  the thousands of reviews I&#8217;ve written for Amazon I&#8217;ve rarely &#8211; if ever &#8211; felt that there was another review of a product that covered practically everything one could say about it. But after reading David Kusumoto&#8217;s review of the Bluray/DVD release of this film, I have to send you there for a thorough and well-written review. I&#8217;ll try to add a few more facts and my take on the film and the package.&#8220;Good Ol&#8217; Freda&#8221; started making the film festival circuit in early 2013 and played at the WXPN Music Film Festival in Philadelphia in April 2013. I missed that one shot chance to catch it, but heard great things from friends and was anxious for the home video release. Magnolia films has been making a name for itself in releasing music related documentaries (&#8220;Muscle Shoals&#8221; was also at the April WXPN festival &#8211; and I did catch it and it&#8217;s great &#8211; and Magnolia will be releasing it in January (hopefully with lots of bonuses). But back to Freda.As David pointed out in his review, there is a wonderful commentary track that reveals more stories than are shone in the film. But, remember that Freda was a loyal dedicated secretary for 11 years (one year LONGER than the Beatles were together as a band) and no real secrets are revealed. But, when she discusses the parents of the &#8220;boys&#8221; &#8211; especially weekly teas with Ringo&#8217;s mom (she only refers to Ringo as &#8220;Ringo&#8221; in the Q&A; at at Beatlefest  - included as a bonus; in the film he is always called &#8220;Richie&#8221; and Brian Epstein is called &#8220;Eppie&#8221;  - you get a deeper feeling for the family life of the Fab Four.In one of the bonus interviews with the Director of the film, we learn that he shot 50 hours of film and says that he hopes that much of it would be on the DVD release. But there are only five scenes totaling just 12 minutes. (I&#8217;m not complaining &#8211; just commenting).As noted by others &#8211; four Beatles songs are included in the soundtrack, along with a bunch of classic songs that the Beatles covered (by Arthurs Alexander, The Chiffons, Marvelettes) including the most expensive to license: Ketty Lester&#8217;s &#8220;Love Letters&#8221;. Oddly enough the Lester recording was not remastered and has lots of &#8220;crackle&#8221;. Surely they could have found a better copy to use. (again, a comment, not a complaint.So, in summary, all Beatles fans will want this Bluray, even if you have seen the film at a festival. And, even if you are a casual music listener who grew up with their music, you&#8217;ll find the 87-minute film and its bonuses, worth watching.I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm&#8220;Anything Phonographic&#8221;
My three year old loves the Bubble Guppies.  We watch far too many shows yet I am particular about what shows.  Bubble Guppies and Oswald and Fresh Beat Band are currently the top three.  I just opened my email to find a receipt for season 1.  Apparently I need to change the purchasing settings on the computer so that my three year old cannot buy them herself.  :)
Was very good if more shows out there please get them.  Amazon you need tto do that.I liked the idea girls school.
The characters in this show are dynamic! The video is outstanding! The story lines have you sitting on the edge of your seat! The relationship between Ms. Pope and the President is mesmerizing! If you enjoy suspense, you will not be disappointed if you buy it!
always enjoy watching swamp people and the things they do to make a living in the swamps catching gators and ?
i wasn't able to see the  actual show as it concluded on tv so I didn't mind spending the little bit of money and purchased the last two in the series&#8230; it was so worth it. To be able to watch a show I absolutely loved conclusions .. well, it made my day . Without giving it away .. it was how you thought it should be &#8230;
Ice Road Truckers: Season 6Other than AX MEN, IRT is the only other REALITY TV-DOCUMENTARY THAT I WOULD PAY MONEY FOR (EXCEPT FOR SWAMP LOGGERS, MAYBE-they search for sunken cypress logs from logging operations 100+ years ago and are very sought after by the furniture making people-they feel around with their feet with alligators and poisonous snakes all around).  This is year 6 of IRT and the only way you can get it is to put the program where the angels live (your video library).  So, what eventually happens is Amazon going broke and you loose everything entrusted to them.  As of now, the BLU-RAY/DVD is not available which is a sweet deal for Amazon cause all they are doing is moving bits and bytes around in their large capacity computer.I watch IRT cause I still want to see a semi-trailer go through the ice.  Last year they conducted a DOT experiment by actually having a live person in a truck go under but it wasn't a fair experiment as the guy had frosty the snowman cold weather clothes on and lots of people standing around with grappling hooks to pull him out.  They say you got 10 minutes and it could be hours before another trucker comes by.  That's why they have wolves and bears up there so there isn't a big mess to clean up in Spring!  Last year they had Lisa, first woman driver.  This year they have a 23 year old young man who looks like he's still in high school and a ##%^%$&* know it all driver from "down south", plus the usual assortment of steady hands.  One of the drivers who works with Hugh, Alex, had all kinds of sickness so they called in the "professional MIB" who found dead mice the size of chipmonks and they totally cleaned the inside of his truck out but they think he has the "Hunta Virus??" - the same disease affecting about 25000 people who visited Yellowstone Park this year - touch and go on him.Guys should enjoy this program and ladies may soil themselves!
My husband and I like to watch this show because it is very informative. Also something to watch when nothing else on tv.
My wife and I watched every episode of each season and could not have been more pleased. It reminded us why we loved visiting small towns in Ireland. The people were so welcoming and friendly, and the landscape was unforgettable. The series captured all of this marvelously.
This Britcom is awesome, funny in a unique way & without trying too hard. Makes me wish I was back living in Europe again.
I love this series thus far...intriguing and the suspense is a slow climax to our nation history. You know it's a good show when you haven't seen it in weeks and can't stop wonder what going to happen. I recommend this to everyone young and old...enjoy!
Exciting,  very interesting story line.  With intriguing characters with many different motivations by the characters at times in conflict with each other.  The first season ended with many unanswered questions.  Sadly no future seasons planned, show was cancelled by AMC.  Extremely disappointing, especially as the plot development was coming together.
I enjoyed watching this series.  It shows what could go wrong when you board a plane.  That is why my father avoided planes.  He preferred ground transportation whenever possible.  But, accidents happen no matter what.
i love the show and  they have become so popular and I get a kick out of akll of them
I can't count the many times my grandson--who just turned three--has watched this video. He watches it over and over.
Good indie movie about real life problems and young marriage.Saw this movie a while back a go on Netflix, and it stuck with me.Basically, the entire movie is about a young married Canadian couple experiencing their first serious break in a marriage.The wife becomes attracted to a new, younger, and better looking neighbor, while the husband is trying to come to terms withhis wife's placid take on their steadily deteriorating marriage (he is trying to save their marriage, while she does not really care).Good film for young couples who experience problems with their love life.
This is a cute short film from the Great Depression era. It's easy to imagine a theatre full of rumpled children laughing at the slapstick gags and irrepressible  pandemonium. 4 yr. old Shirley Temple has a minor role, but she's a dimpled dynamo in banana curls. Watch her steal the antics-filled radio show segment with her sparkling Satchmo impression on tiptoe. Lots of wacky mayhem served up with squirting donuts, a one-room schoolhouse and a side of radio days nostalgia.
Love and all the emotions in one movie that made you want more. A movie worth watching of all ages.
My grandkids love it, so it gets a 5 star rating just for that. Always has an uplifting message at the end.
Bones is always interesting. The cast works so well together and the technical aspects are really quite impressive. I find myself watching re-runs in between seasons. Looking forward to the new season!
i loved everything about this movie. The story line, the actors, the drama, it was all great. Another Tyler Perry success
I love Walking Dead and have all three seasons.  I watched episode 1 when it came on TV and it was so unbearable to watch with all the insulting inane stupid commercials.  There seemed to be more commercials than show.  So I bought the season immediately and rewatched it monday night.  So great.  I rewatched all three seasons starting a couple of weeks before the fourth season started and without commercials it is such a pleasure to watch.  Have you guessed how much I hate commercials!This first episode was such a great beginning and there are so many story arcs that can come out of it.  It is setting the stage for this next season.  There are some weird things going on with the weird woman, Clara, dead pig, dead boy, Carol's classes, Michonne hunting the Governor, and the change in Rick and his son.  Did you notice how the walkers seem more raggedy and more desperate and what's with the bloody eyes? Thank you AMC.Amazon thank you for streaming this.
4.5 starsI didn't even know this was based on a book, so I watched it as an entity unto itself, and I had a great time. It's funny and weird and creative and unique, and Coscarelli has certainly learned more about making movies since the classic but very cheesy Phantasm all those years ago. This one actually looks very good, and the cheesy effects work very well in the tongue in cheek way they are presented.How can you not love a good flying moustache? I laughed many times during this one, but I also had my brain massaged nicely by the various time and story lines all mixed up. I guess I'll have to read the book, if it's so much better than this, as many reviews say. I'm glad I have not, as this was a lot of fun by itself with zero expectations from me going in.The cast is surprisingly solid, and you know something's good if Giamatti agrees to be in it, as he has serious skills and always lends weight to anything he's in. He sure does here, and plays it straight but goofy in just the right way.All in all, a really fun surprise for me and highly recommended for anyone who likes a good self-mocking B-movie full of good plot and brain twists.
I have been waiting it seems like an eternity to see what happens and it was worth the wait.  Regina seems like she is in trouble, the seven dwarfs are upset,-not just grumpy,and Mr.Gold is- well you must watch it.  Believe you me, it was worth the wait.
Sorry, just saw the latest season 4 episode. You know, cobras and taints? Well my last review got bumped for a language interpretation - I assume - because I used the phrase 'Holy s*** snacks'. This is just a test to see if I get bumped again.Anyhow, outrageous, totally non-PC humor, slime-ball secret agent-ery, suave nimrod-ery, ribald water-cooler humor - I'm in heaven .... funny as a WHOLE BIG OL' box of sh8t-snacks ....  :)
Lots of great episodes in this volume! Quality of content is up to par as usual with this excellent series. Always up-to-date and accurate and never sensationalized or biased.
Wish they would have more shows like this. Networks have moved away from si-Fi for some reason. Nothing on network TV worth watching.
Ghosts, werewolves and UFO abduction- what more could you want? Story reenactments and eyewitness interviews combine to make this my favorite show in this genre.
UNBELIEVABLE THIRD SEASON IS OFF TO AN AMAZING START &#34;THE RUSTY MOM STUFF IS JUST TOP SHELF DRAMA &#34;i LOVE IT&#34;
Best show ever on TV.  Movie &#34;Serinity&#34; ties it all up perfectly.  Watch shows 3-4 times all ready.  Perfect with movie.
The whole season led to this, a nightmarish finish that finds Revolutionary War secret agent Ichabod Crane and modern-day police LT Abbie Mills searching for a hidden map that will lead them to Purgatory,there to rescue Ichabod's wife, the witch Katrina.  What they find instead is a chilling betrayal by an unsuspected enemy.  Ichabod and Abbie will be trapped in different worlds, with their friends in equally dire straits, and their ancient and evil enemy Moloch seeming triumphant.  An eager and frightened audience can hardly wait for Season Two...This whole series was a clever remake of the Washington Irving tale, part science fiction and part ghost story, and all entertainment.  Ichabod Crane wakens from a two hundred year sleep beneath Sleepy Hallow to find the world changed but his ancient nemesis the Headless Horseman on the loose.  His alliance with young police lieutenant Abbie Mills leads to an entertaining mixture of old clues and a new conspiracy in the midst of Sleepy Hallow.  They are assisted by Abbie's sister Jenny, herself full of surprises, and by acting police chief Captain Irving, who can't quite believe what horrors keep turning up.  In an historic town full of exotic secrets, demons seem to be around every corner.  Highly recommended as thirteen episodes of good creepy fun.
After two seasons of Storage Wars, I know exactly what to expect from the show, but I'm not bored. In fact, it is a little disturbing how much I feel like I know (and love?) each &#34;player&#34; on here. What can I say? It's just a great show--almost like a better, more focused version of Antiques Roadshow. Still love it, and I can't wait for Season 3 to become free with Prime.
Well done!  Consistently stellar, as have been all the episodes.  The humor that is added is always a plus. Good job!
No such thing as a bad episode of The Mentalist! Patrick Jane and Det Lisbon are always fresh, entertaining and on their toes. Excellent season of a fabulous series!
I was on the edge of my seat for this one! Can't wait until the next one. I pay for the season in order to watch on my Verizon Rezound phone, Awesome!!!!!!!!!!
i think everyone does a fine job here but i've frequently read what really makes a good drama is having a great villain.  one of the all time tv great villains has to be Boyd Crowder played by Walter Goggins.  I saw him play the screw up cop on THE SHIELD for years and little did I expect he would have the dramatic chops to make a great villain.  I loved the time he found religion and then lost it.  I've loved his love affair and planned marriage to Ada.  His visits to her in prison in Season Five are priceless. Oh, and when he waxes poetic with his southern drawl and story telling ability, that's the very best.  He and the writers have given this villain nuances that are just genius.i really like timothy O as the marshall too.  i enjoyed him on DEADWOOD prior to this.  he is the hero with a bit of bad boy in him.  but he always ends up doing mostly what's right except for his own personal life. and this season he even has a child albeit living in a different city.  I agree with another reviewer here who likens him to early Clint Eastwood.It is a marvelous show with marvelous writing, all inspired by a short story by the late Elmore Leonard who also wrote the novel &#34;Raylan&#34; shortly before his death about the marshall.but it is still Boyd who makes it for me week in and week out.
Love House Hunters.  My husband used to be like &#34;why do we care if they pick house #1, house#2 or house#3.  We don't know these people&#34;.  Now he likes to guess which house they will pick.
This show is incredible and this episode is intense it will have you hooked can't wait to see what happens next.
Great show.  Something different than all the other shows out there.  Wish they had more episodes each season.
This is the first scripted drama for the History Channel and it's a perfect fit for them.  It's a great story with beautiful scenery.  Give it a try, even if you're not a fan of viking history it's a great watch.
The product was in excellent condition and I got it very quickly. I'm very happy with my purchase.
Love this show.  It's so interesting.  It's my go-to show when I can't sleep.  It relaxes me.  It's informative and interesting.  The narrator has a smooth delivery and the subjects are varied so there's something for everyone.  I also watch it with my 7-year old grandson.  He loves it too.  When one show is finished, he begs for another.  Glad there's something we can watch together and neither of us is bored.
The original Star Trek series took time to establish itself as the premiere franchise it is today. The movies steadily improved the characters and special effects, building on a large canon of established Trek lore.  The best movies gleefully embraced this rich history; the failures ignored or contradicted it. Star Trek is simply too big to reinvent, and J.J. Abrams knows it.  So he did the next best thing by tweaking the established universe of Star Trek just enough to carve out his own little patch for the movie.This is the beginning of Star Trek re-imagined as a futuristic Earth that incorporates the go-go 60s with iPod style.  We see Kirk as a kid on the farm, Spock struggling with his half-Vulcan nature and Bones becoming a crotchety windbag--which, it becomes quickly apparent, he always was. We witness Kirk's solution to the Kobiyashi Maru, Spock's acceptance to Starfleet, and the construction of the Enterprise.  In short, this is a true and proper launch of a Star Trek movie, from the beginning, so that all those non-Trekkies won't feel like they missed out...But if you are a non-Trekkie, you missed out.  There are so many nods to Trek lore that my head nearly exploded. SPOILER RED ALERT.Sulu fences! There's a splash of light over the captain's eyes when he sits on the bridge, just like the original series. Red shirts die! The same sounds beep and bleep in the background, from the sensors to the transporters. There are several Wrath of Khan references, from Spock's famous last words to creepy worms that take control of your brain. There's even old-style Romulans and Klingons.  Fans worried that Abrams was going to remake the series in such a way as to make it unrecognizable can rest easy; this is the Star Trek we know and love, dusted off and buffed to a 21st century shine.The plot involves time travel, a guest cameo, and references to the central conceit of the series: Spock follows the rules, Bones doesn't, and Kirk floats above it all, waffling between the two ideologies and blazing his own path as his ego suits him. The movie has no qualms about portraying Kirk as a womanizing jerk or using him as the butt of some hilarious slapstick. It also isn't afraid to push the envelope with the aliens, going beyond makeup to ensure they're just unnerving enough for you to notice them even if the rest of the crew doesn't. This is more than just a new Star Trek, it's Star Trek done right with a bigger budget.There are some flaws.  The villain is one dimensional. Uhura's headstrong personality has to carry the burden of embodying all females in Trek, which begins to grate. Winona Ryder (age 38) seems to have wandered onto the set to play Spock's (Zachary Quinto, age 32) mother. And an uncharacteristically vengeful tactics from the good guys at the end of the movie borders on "ludicrous speed."But you know what? I forgive all that.  This movie made Trek worth watching all over again and reminded us why it's okay to travel through time and space, encounter green alien hotties, and bed them.  Because it's FUN.
Loved being pulled in... this episode journeyed thru sci-fi, supernatural. possible apocalypse and the chaos that would erupt. I am anxious to see the characters and story again... Hurry with the next episode.
This is a clever show; love the characters, the endings are often predictable; I'm hoping they "change it up" a bit as time goes on.  Kudos to the writers and actors for actually make me Laugh Out Loud!
I love this whole series. Watched it through Ruko. Beautiful picture in hd on my TV screen. Amazon prime instant video is a wonderful option to paid TV.
I think this show has been freshened up with the addition of new characters.  Hope it has many more years to run
I'd rate this show a 5 star.  These 2 girls are trying to get up and out of their world into a new one.
My husband and I watched this. Being in the health care profession we knew some information about hoarding. But this was a real shocker.  We consider ourselves collectors. He likes tools and I like craft stuff. Even though our collecting is contained to a shed and one small bed room we decided to clean up!  Goodness knows if we should die our kids would have to deal with all that STUFF!
Being a Paranormal Witness addict, I was having withdrawal from that show while on hiatus. I looked for another show to fill the time and could not find one that came close to the suspense and documentary &#34;feel.&#34; Lo and behold I gave this one a try and I am glad I did. I really enjoy this show and feel it has some credibility. This may actually be my second go to....
You know, with each season, it keeps getting better. Mystery, time travel, mayhem, chaos, and less we forget, lots of running around. Sonic screwdrivers aside, if you haven't watched any of these episodes, then you are truly missing out on some of the best weekly sci-fi that is currently out there. Yes, I know, it's BBC but come on, they have managed to carve a clever corner of the market on good programming and I don't miss a single episode.So in closing, watch this show, but not while your eating anything, so that if you gasp or laugh, you don't choke. Because you'll do that a lot. I know, it's happened to me.
Excellent storyline and exceptional acting. This series is as good as The Good Wife. I look forward to seeing more episodes.
Ka-boom just about says it all. This is a series that has remained popular for something like 15 or 16 seasons. I don't know about anyone else but I come back for the ka-booms. I also enjoy the other things too because they do with attention to detail and wit.
If you want to laugh then watch Lucy, you're guaranteed a laugh. There are episodes I actually haven't seen. I thought I had seen all the episodes of Lucy. But even the episodes I have seen before still made me laugh all over again.I feel like Volume 2 was funnier than Volume 1. But don't leave Volume 1 out of the loop, its interesting to see the first episodes and where it all began. But definately, Volume 2 is better!
Can't get enough of this show, it's awesome!!! The characters, the story line, it gets better and better the more it gets into the complicated details of the undertaking of the city. Don't miss out...
I actually enjoy watching this program and even find myself singing along to the theme song! I loved Mr. Rogers's neighborhood so I found this show to be a wonderful take on it.
I love Parenthood. I was disappointed when Amber's boyfriend, Ryan, rejoined the Army. However, I have read that he will return.Overall, an excellent and true-to-life picture of family life.
Finally a TV series that has good chemistry between it's characters. I truly enjoy watching this because the characters care for one another and even though they each have their own demons figure a way to get past them and help the people in need.
If you like the movie Madagascar, you will love the penguins! They are hilarious. Good familly fun with entertainment for all ages.
Other than the fact the machine that knows all is limited to Manhattan, this program makes one query every time:  what if there was a omnipresent computer that could predict everything?  The dramatic interpretation of this question is cleverly played out in this series.  Very well-written and efficient, it is television to look forward to every week.  The writing and character trajectory driven by a moral as well as practical considerations removes the helpless, alienating idea of a computer world with flawed super-heroes ready to serve intellectually, tactically and, this is the 21st Century, sometimes barely merciful violence.  (Shooting in the knees instead of instant death, for example.)  This is TV that many wish for because it is smart and a story well told.  I hope all of the networks are listening.
much better than we thought it would be and definitely better than most kid tv out there. we're waiting for more!!
We continually watch these.  Love Poirot and captain Hastings. Doesn't make any difference how many times spew watch, we still love them.
family love to sit down and watch this together. Love Hiro! Kids really enjoy the show as well as us adults!
What's not to like?  The betas are all alpha geeks.  Pokes fun at the silicone valley startup insanity, and the weirdness of the modern world.  Lot's of ridiculous situations.  Even an old timey geek like me enjoys watching this comic look at the next geek generation.
Started watching NCIS marathon on USA Channel (had never watched the show) and got hooked.  I have since purchased every season through Amazon and am enjoying every episode.  Great show.
James Spader is beyond amazing in this series. Lots of twists , and turns. Some new actors that are great as well. I am really liking this new series.
Jeremy, James and Richard are always entertaining while the car information is practical and useful. I also enjoy their comedy hijinks and practical jokes!
Good story line and entertaining because the cast was well picked.  There is still a problem with the ramped up background noise to the point of losing the dialogue,
This show is quite different from Stargate because it has a story line from one show to the other and can be followed accordingly.  The plot has a lot of suspense and mystery to it but is quite intertaining.  Would recommend this show.
This was a awesome pilot and I definitely hope that Amazon picks this show up! My only problem is the title, I almost didn't watch it because of this reason!
If you watched the television series The Shield, this is a must see show.  Real life drama! True to life crime fighting.
Two pills in pupils.....well maybe its not pills but Walt's back and badder than ever.  The first episodes are a little slow but I think it is a ramp up to a huge season with twists and roller coaster action.  Heisenburgs run isn't over yet.  But it won't boad well for him I think in the end.  If you get a chance to watch do IT!
Love it.  I'm totally into the super hero movies and love the twists and turns.  There is always something going on you don't know about until the next episode.  And fully enjoy the parallel story lines to the Marvel movies.
I was really surprised in watching Season 2, I am looking forward to Season 3
With all the instigation for class warfare out there today from certain groups, this is a healthy and heartwarming reminder that we are all people regardless of our station in life and we have hearts, feelings and of course, clay feet.
Seasons 1 and 2 were so fun and entertaining.  The rest of the seasons were less than great and the new wives were too crass.  But Season 1 is the very best of all seasons.
I watch every show, enjoy them very much.  Fanciful tales and good characters with humor too.  What's not to love. Hope Amazon can pick up season 5 for Prime next year.
I've watched all six seasons and will watch if add long as it runs!  All of the characters are hilarious!
I loved this movie when it first came out.  It has continued to be excellent.  Loved the acting, the story.  Just a great movie.
This show surprised me, I dont really like scifi shows, but this is a great show and worth while. Watch it!!
The Pilot made me want to see more for sure !!! don't want to go in details to make any spoilersbut worth watching for sure ..First I was thinking .. Revolutionthen Walking Deadthen Terrorist attackthen only one was left .. and I guessed rightbut you have to see it for yourself .. :)Amazon ... I would like to see more !!! please!!
Another great series especially when you need a laugh after a hard day a work put on big bang and your laughing alot.  I am so happy this is here so I can put it in and enjoy the fun and laughter....
I have been excited about, and looking forward to, this series since I heard about the spin off from Vampire Diaries. I was expecting the pilot to be the same episode shown in the Vampire Diaries but I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that more detail was included. I really enjoyed this first episode and am looking forward to the series.
she is so homey - a bit impatient but gets the job done...and her male sidekick struggles to take advise from a woman, especially an older one! but it does work as a great working duo!
I like  Inspector lewis a lot much better than &#34; Morse&#34;  Morse was very sarcastic.  Lewis's side kick, is smart, which I enjoy.  Hope there are more seasons on Prime. All of the British  detective series are great.  Keep them coming....
We Binged watched this whole series from year 1 through year 4.5. Really loved the writing and the actors. Almost addictive and just wish it had managed to keep going a few more years...as into at least 7 full years. But it is what it was and that was very very good the whole show went out on top and in good standing. But like a good book when it's over it's over. Onto find something else. We don't get cable/satelite so rely on the DVD's and great reviewers from fans here on Amazon to figure out what we might like and enjoy. Someone reviewing The Closer mentioned this show and so glad I took their suggestion up. I can't recommend one season over the other as they were all just great and pretty much as good across the board. It was a bit disconcerning when the younger females kept going through pregnancies and their figures changed considerably but the show handled it well and really todays world they pretty much go with the flow and except for some creative shots and clothing aimed not to point it out they do pretty good. I'll miss Mary and her side kick and glad they didn't ever put them together...good for the writers and directors and makers of this show.
My first Dr. Who was Tom Baker back in the 1980s. I watched every episode and even taped them to watch over and over.  When many years later I found the early ones I laughed because they were so silly and the technology was hysterical, cardboard, plastic tape, logic errors, and then I realized that they were made in the  1960s and were made for children.  Funny, I never thought of it as a children's show.  I was nearly 50 when I first watched and it grabbed me instantly!  So now I am over 80 and I still love it.  Even these funny old ones.  A truly wonderful show for any age.
I freakin love this show its so funny...I just wish it was longer, and im not sure if they will come out with a 3rd season, but I hope so
To my relief sponngebob's replacement has arrived.  Not nearly as violent as spongebob and some other shows Daniel tiger alwcoays has a lesson to teach the younge ones, like grownup's come back, and to potty before you leave home.  I love this show it's not mindless.  I consider it entertaining and educational.
Little Bear and his friends - Owl, Duck, Cat, etc. are lovable and cute - the stories are engaging and make for fun viewing for little ones. Little Bear is one those kids' shows that you don't feel guilty letting your young child watch - it has good language, endearing characters that appeal to young children, and good production values without over-loud music and garish colors.The language is clean, and the characters, i.e. Little Bear and friends, are truly endearing. My daughter loved watching the episodes when she was three. This is a good production for young children, and a value buy. Highly recommended!
I have been a friend of Doctor Who for a long time. In his specials, he works people other than his normal partners.  This makes more spoilers to be tried and succeed or fail.
I love The Walking Dead! I got into it late in the game, which was lucky, in my opinion, because I got to watch all three seasons in about 4 days. Now in Season 4, it is an eternity to wait for the new episode to come out!Difficult to start this series anywhere other than the beginning as there is a lot of background that carries over.You will either be a fan or you won't. The story is not always exciting -- but hang on and you'll love it!
We have watched every episode of this series and have enjoyed the action and the character development, but not necessarily the direction the development took. It was always worth it for the big budget action scenes and the Miami scenery. The way they wrapped up the series in the finale seemed to put a nice bow on the present. Great job!!
Fantastic, Riviting show. I can`t wait to see it every week and when it`s not on for a week or two i actually miss it....ALOT! That may not seem like much to some of you but if you knew me?? Tv shows or movies are not at or close to the top of my list of things to do. The Only shows i can put in this 5 star category over the last decade are The Wire, Sopranos, A certain show about a Motor Cycle Club with a name (Sam Crow) and who in the heck would NOT put Heisenberg in their? He Breaks Bad! Ok, BAD joke!Shows pretty close to the top are Chicago Fire, which is getting better as it goes. It has beautiful shots of a Great City,Lots of drama and some cool relationship stuff among all firefighters. Of Course the US version of Shameless and even Nurse Jackie (most of the time) and early (Much earlier) Weeds was different and cool at points.Other than those....... I dont think i watch TV shows or movies unless they are Documentry type films/shows.
Criminal Intent is by far the best of all the Law and Order shows on TV ....Season 6 is no exception. Especially the Goran episodes are really good.I can`t wait for them to release season 7
I like this show, it shows how a secretary takes care of her boss and her fellow co-worker and how she helps the clients as well. All the while she dresses nice for herself and her boss.  Secretary today smokes more than a man does, should I say maybe even drinks more than a man does.  But do not get me wrong, I was a secretary for 13 engineers working at the army base here in Yuma, AZ, and the most important thing I wanted to do was keep them HAPPY by typing their reports, doing their over time and even having a big jar of candy for their sweet tooth sitting on my desk.  Ms. Ann Sothern was a good model for how Old School Secretary were.  Thank You.  God Bless You.  Sincerely yours; Georgia
My wife and I thoroughly enjoy this series. The best of all is that you can watch it on Amazon Prime for free. It is full of history too.
Love Bramwell, Love Downton Abbey, love most BBC period pieced made before 2000, but the bouncing camera and garbled dialog made this one unwatchable. Is it really necessary to shake the camera around all the time? Without subtitles, this one is hopeless.
I just love this series. So much truth in this series about our elected officials. The four politicians who live in Alpha House are a hoot. John Goodman is a standout. Cannot wait for the next episode.
Couldn't ask for more, this is a sophisticated, intelligent series full of humor and darkness too.  Wonderfully acted  by this splendid cast and excellent script and direction.  Have one more episode to see and then I will be in mourning unless it comes back.  Oh don't you hate it when something REALLY, REALLY good ends?
Years ago on "Siskel and Ebert" Roger gave "Full Metal Jacket" the thumbs down while recommending "Benji the Hunted".  Gene was apoplectic wondering how Roger could recommend a dog movie while dismissing a work by Stanley Kubrick.  Roger methodically explained that a different criteria applies for the work of an auteur and an innocuous children's film.  The criteria offered by Amazon is pretty straightforward in rating its offerings-you either love or hate the product you are reviewing.  Why I make this point is recently I gave "The Grand Budapest Hotel" a two star rating. Though I admired its artistry it left me as a cold calculated exercise.  "Authors Anonymous" on the other hand is a wonderful little film.  This account of aspiring writers who receive more than their share of rejection letters on post-it notes than they care to count is witty, articulate, and intelligent without condescending to the audience.  The part played by the film's star-executive producer Kaley Cuoco  is essentially an extension of her Penny character from "The Big Bang Theory" but it serves the film's purpose.  The remainder of the cast is excellent with the late Dennis Farina a standout.  When Farina's onscreen you can't take your eyes off him.  A funny and touching scene is one where Farina's character is at a signing of his self published Vietnam tome at a hardware store.  Jonathan Banks, formerly of TV's "Wiseguy", has a funny bit as a book agent.  Only quibble I have, and it's a minor one, is the documentary style employed by director Ellie Kanner comes and goes.  The film's obvious inspiration is "This is Spinal Tap" and the Christopher Guest mockumentaries but Kanner doesn't follow the conceit through and is not assured enough behind the camera to trust her instincts.  If you are looking for a film that earns your laughs and tears than this one is worth checking out.
My granddaughter loves Bubble Guppies, and watches them as often as possible!  She is 4 years old.  It's colorful, has a catchy tune, and good story lines.
Modern day gunfighter surrounded by very articulate hillbillys with great wit and barbs between vey beleivable people.  Great fun!!! Highly entertaining
This was as good as season 1!!! I snoozed a bit in season 7 yet this one i couldn't put down. Great. Just great! Episode 17 broke my heart. I thought they did a great job with this season and the final episode. It is on the edge of your seat kinda season.  It was a great show if tears come up when it's about to be over.
I may be repeating myself but it would be hard to go wrong with Sherlock Holmes as your base story but the writers have captured even more than the original with this series. The 2 main players Sherlock (played exceptionally well by Jonny Lee Miller) and Watson (played just as well by Lucy Liu) just add depth to an already interesting story each week. This can be called a bromance, but one of the bros just happens to be a woman. He said that from the very beginning and I think it's really an apt description. There's this idea that a man and a woman can't be together on a show especially without needing to be together sexually or in love or whatever, and this is really about the evolution of a friendship and how that happens. Watching that should be as much the story of this show as the mysteries that you see week in and week out about who killed who. I just know that after a few episodes I was already addicted. The addition of Aidan Quinn as Captain Tobias Gregson of the New York City Police Department was genius. He genuinely likes Holmes and the two have mutual respect for each other so we get to avoid the good cop bad cop plot lines that many shows that have talented citizens playing at detectives, I love The Mentalist but this re-imagining of the Sherlock Holmes story takes the genre to a new level of entertainment.This second season moves the bar up a bit since Watson (Lucy Liu) is accepted as part of the crime solving team by Holmes, this also brings a bit more entertainment since if the show proceeded as more of a 1-man-show it would get stale.  The best thing about this show is not really the cases as much as the interaction of the characters, I can only hope this season maintains the high level of quality television that the first season did.UPDATE:  People still seem to think there will be a romance but this is what the show's creator said (Hollywood Reporter 7 Oct, 2013):"Don't expect Watson and Sherlock Holmes to fall in love on "Elementary." The dynamic detective duo played by Lucy Liu and Jonny Lee Miller on the hit CBS drama won't be crossing over to "Moonlighting" romantic territory anytime soon."I feel like a broken record, so forgive me, but it's just not what we set out to do," creator Robert Doherty told a New York audience at a recent PaleyFest event. "At the end of the day, it's too easy to turn it into a romance ... We've been happy with what we've done up to this point, so I don't see any reason to mess with it. We want to mess with Sherlock's life and Joan's life in many other different ways, but we don't have to put them together.""
The stories are always engaging and the era ( WWII) interests me..Foyles driver brings unique point of view to the story line.
Life is my favorite show of the season.It is well acted, well written, with a fascinating and original premise.The show is full of philosophy, i.e. mans search for meaning and justice.Add to that a couple of beautiful actresses thrown into the mix, and "Life" is a thinking man's perfect show!03/01/08I just rewatched all the pre stike episodes this week...And again, I think this is the best drama of the year and one of the best ever on TV. If you haven't seen this show yet, do yourself a favor and start at the beggining and get addicted like me.
Seriously, this show makes me want to put on all leather and keep a knife strapped to my leg. I highly recommend starting from the first season to understand the character/plot dynamics. The third season drags a little bit of the finale is TOTALLY worth it!
During &#34;The CLoser &#34; I was uncertain about Mary's character and watching her character develop more depth while learning to command the team is great.  Women can be good leaders and still have that softer side.  I love her team of detectives all are unique with different good/ bad points & yet have learned to work so well together.  A breath of fresh air instead of constant one upmanship seen so much today.
My kids enjoyed it and it was interesting for us parents as well.  Kinda reminded us both of the older Erie Indiana show..
Even though I was completely satisfied with the finale of Season 1 Under the Dome; based on its initial premise I figured that was The End of the series. Now it seems there is some 'fleshing' out of the original show that appears interesting enough; hopefully, the production will continue to raise my inquisitiveness  enough. I haven't read the book, so I can't really compare continuity. I find it is worth while to check out the written page after watching the series, at times. For a 'made for tv' serial; this one is worth trying. Check out Series 1 first if you haven't already.
Refreshing show, not what you expect, the beginning of State hood and the people that held &#34;order&#34; referred to as Coopers. all episodes were great,
Very good sci-fi which leaves you wanting more, especially at the end.  In the beginning a person doesn't know what it's all about, but it evolves nicely.
I really look forward to seeing this series.  It is intriguiging and fun.  Several story lines keep you glued to the TV and I don't watch a lot of TV.  In fact, this is one of the few programs I enjoy.
Ringer was on of the best mystery shows that has been on TV in a long time. Playing twin sisters, Sarah Michelle Gellar proved once again why she is one of the best television actresses ever. The plot and the characters of Ringer were just something that hasn't been done and the story was executed amazingly. It's such a travesty that The CW doesn't care what their fans want, and that is to bring back Ringer for a second season. We need more SMG in our lives.
Thoroughly enjoyed this series.  Never heard of it before but was immediately taken, well acted and very developed storyline kept my attention.  Highly recommend :-)
The story lines are never dull. The characters are well defined,sharp and mostly charming. The relationships are well portrayed without resorting to dramatic hyperbole. The relationship between the FBI agent and his wife is one the most realistically natural and healthy depiction of modern marriage that I have seen on cable TV for a long time.  Mostly Iappreciate the humor that runs through the series making the series a great mix of comedy and crime drama.
There are still wars going on in this century and people today are pretty cruel to each other still.  But oh my!  Were they really this violent in those days?!?  I enjoyed the story and it definitely made you feel like you were deposited in that time period and mucking about in their primative ways ... but DANG!  They'd  use any excuse to kill someone!!!  Whew!
I really love the cast of characters and how they interact.  Good actors and interesting stories.  Having humor mixed in is great.
Very enjoyable.  I had a wee bit of trouble with the accents of some of the actors.  Not with the main leads though.  There were some scary scenes--not enough to keep me awake.  Does not have a lot of gory scenes--like some of the junk on TV.  If you like something different--get it!  I watched the whole series, I beieve there were three seasons.  The ending was a surprise.  I would never give away the plot.  The bad guy was weird and scary.  Wish there were more series like this one.
Great show
always interesting to watch, especially if you watch from beginning to end. you got to love sipowitz the main character.
watch this film for an insight that will change your way of life , I know it did mine .
This is a great show and I love it because of CIA drama. It is not that hard to follow and is exciting with all kinds of action and twists and turns.
Season 1 is very consistent in its characterization and drama; well written series. I enjoy Vera because she is so OCD; a difficult woman with a difficult past who finds loving and forgiving very difficult. Her relationship with Joe, her sergeant is more clear in the second season as Joe's family is brought into the drama. For now, Joe is a forever forgiving, over-worked father of a young family who is trying desperately to keep up with his irritating boss.  Delightful
I got hooked on this show through Amazon Prime and now I'm jonesing for the next season. I love the Hamlet-esque structure of the story as well as all of the tweaks and changes the writer has made to make it relevant to a bike club.This show is both high and low brow.
I marvel at the clever scripts. I marvel at the assemblage visuals to support the inventive scripts. I marvel at the actors that pull this off. The film editor must be a genius to intertwine all the pieces in to a cohesive story line. BRAVO! Making all the pieces fit into the premise of this inspired &#34;who done the bad deed&#34; is astonishing to me. Body language and facial clues expose everyone to scrutiny. This is the most &#34;unique&#34; show I've seen in years. pat on the back to all .. and five stars from me.. to you...
A very good show about a town that gets under a dome and how they live.  I'm looking forward to next season.
I really love this show.  It is a great different crime show with an &#34;out-west&#34; flare.  Great casting.  Robert Taylor is very easy on the eyes!!
unlike anything else you've ever seen anywhere.ahead of it's time.funny and deep at the same time.season 1 was short because of the WGA strike and the show never found it's audience.  for a show this different, one and a half seasons wasn't enough.
I started watching deception and kept buying the episodes. I cant get enough of it. It has a great plot. I am trying to catch up to it on t.v.. I hope they keep it going for a long time.
This is truly a paranormal dream to have a place like a mine that is haunted. Its so dark you can do investigations any time day or night. Their is little electrical to cause EMF spikes so your equipment can focus on other causes for EMF spikes. What I find with Ghost mine is how the producer combines the workers of the mine into the show and how they react to all the activity. This I think makes the show more interesting and adds to the show by including their own experiences. I hope the series returns.
2013TVMA: An excellent portrayal of stereotypical American paranoia and spy propaganda from the 60's, as long as you somehow manage to keep in mind that it's just a TV show - difficult because it's simply excellent. Can't wait for season 2! Enjoy MFJLabs 5x
There are a few drama moments. Patrick thinks everything's paranormal. They're out in the woods and a stick breaks and he's like, "That's paranormal." It's a stick. There were several moments when I was with Kristen.But! OMW! The rest of the show? Creepy and awesome! I love the fact that they're on the scene throughout the entire mining process, that they have cameras set up everywhere. It really makes for a great investigation. There are things you just can't catch otherwise.I hope the season gets longer. I love this show.
We really enjoy this show and wish there were more of them on Prime..  Moves fasts and brings back memories of when people were true craftsmen.
I love the smart and witty writing. Perfect casting.  My husband and I can hardly wait for the next episode.
I LOVE mock-serious parodies like this, SUCH deadpan delivery and fantastic detail, could ALMOST be real.  Devotees of Roswell and Area 51 type conspiracy theories may squirm a bit, this good-natured send-up may be uncomfortably reminiscent of the oh-so-seriousness of UFO/government cover-up type documentaries.  Inspired lunacy.***SPOILERS FOLLOW*** EVERYTHING you'd want to know about trolls, their physiology, habits, migration patterns and MUCH more is here, all filtered through the eyes of Hans, the troll hunter and a team of student filmmakers on his trail.  Hans dispatches/kills trolls that venture into populated areas, government workers disguise their kills of tourists and livestock as Russian bear attacks.  Clean-up crews dispose of troll bodies.  The government is intent on keeping the knowledge that trolls exist from the public (WHY? Who knows?!) The details are FANTASTIC, inspired.  From the grizzled trollhunter talking to his girlfriend on his cell, to his attempts to collect blood samples "for analysis", to his playing of "What A Friend We Have in Jesus" over loudspeakers to repel them, this film is so jam-packed with clever writing, creativity and innovation, it's like nothing else.  And the Norwegian scenery is absolutely breathtaking.  Love it!BTW, in terms of sincerity, earnestness and essential good-heartedness this film reminded me stylistically of Christopher Guest's, e.g.,A Mighty Wind,This Is Spinal Tap,Waiting For Guffman,Best in Show, etc.  Also the wonderful campyGalaxy Quest, a sendup of Star Trek-type TV shows.
I actually am giving this 4.5 stars, and I believe I have good reason. The first reason is that this is a computer generated video that uses computer graphics to represent &#34;outer space&#34;. There are no actual images from &#34;outer space&#34;. That causes the production to lose half a star. The main reason I rated it so highly is because this video is technically an ambient &#34;white noise&#34; generator. This would be very well used as a tool for relaxation, and quite possibly meditation, if the volume is not loud. A bonus would be a big screen to watch it on, or have it projected. The graphics are not exactly the same, although the 'style' of graphics are the same. Star-field simulators, space tunnels, psuedo-nebulae, even some galactic jellyfish! They are indeed set up like a computer screensaver, and sometimes are in different combinations and colors. However, it is the repetition that is the key. Repetition causes complacency, complacency causes relaxation, etc., etc. This one is a little more upbeat on rhythm, which would raise the heartbeat somewhat during viewing, but also quite possibly raise endorphin levels, which can lessen pain or discomfort and may also deliver a feel of euphoria. Who knows, this might actually work well for you. Give it a chance; &#34;tune out&#34; and relax for awhile.....
I was in high school during the 50s and they were tumultuous times despite all the romance and lure of Rock N Roll, etc. The 50s are nostalgic but also rift with very evil things done by this country as well as Russia. The communist mentality of the the McCarthy Era defies all logic and is hard to imagine something so medieval actually took place in the U.S. and was supported by people. This show is interesting because it shows the steps both the U.S. and Russian spy agencies went through to infiltrate each others cultures. I'm sure we had their counterparts living and pretending to be Russians as well. Good chemistry between main characters. Both respond as real people. Granted, Russian indoctrination was drummed into candidates so they often struggle. Hope there is a 2nd season.
My whole family, young and old, like this program.  It's just good clean fun.  One of the few programs that my husband and our grandson can sit and watch together.
The rhythm & percussion of NYPD and the great stories keep my mind off the &#34;work&#34; in my aerobic workout. One episode is the right length.
I love the battlestar galactica seasons and this seasons was more spectacular than the last.  Full of action and storylines
His wit, and informed punches at the world in general make me laugh. After reading the ordinary  news each day I need a dose of Jon. I only have basic tv, so this was nice to find on Prime.
Doc McStuffins is one of our favorite shows.  My preschooler loves it.  I was so sad to see that it's not available on amazon instant video anymore.
Timothy Olyphant just nails it in this show. He just is Raylon Givens. He comes from backwoods Kentucky and you can just feel Appalachia in these characters. He is a US Marshall in the middle of Meth Country. The actor who plays Boyd Crowder also just inhabits his role as does the ones who play Dicky Bennett (really amazIng charcter) and the others who want his mama's money. I am sad that Wynona and Raylon may not make it but I want them to so very much. Thank goodness there is season 4, which I want to make a complaint here and now, you cannot get on Amazon Prime, you have to buy each episode at this time. Come on, Amazon, get it together!
I have a 2 yr old and she loves the all of the cartoons shows available on the prime channel.
This show pretty much seemed like a knock-off of Family Guy, and at first, it wasn't even as funny. But as the seasons went along, they decided to make the characters even more twisted than anything you see on Family Guy and this show really found it's stride. It's always taking a strange turn, just when you think you've got a handle on it and they do a tremendous job of keeping it funny. Give it time. This show is worth the wait.
better than a soap opera , and its real, kinda. its fun to watch tho. keep it coming... LOVE AMAZONNNNN
Another great season of howI met your mother I can't wait to see the rest of the season! Love this show!!
I love the whole concept of this show. The idea of a group traveling back in time to try and change their future world has always been an interesting subject to both of us. Of course, it helps to be sci-fi fans!
I'm a nanny an the 7 month old I watch loves this show. Every time it starts he gets so happy an jumps in his jumparoo. They took it off prime and that was a mess of a couple weeks please don't take it off again.
We LOVE this show.  The character development throughout has been fantastic, and eventually the bad guys get what they deserve.  Mostly.
The pilot was excellent! The show had an excellent cast and compelling plot. I Can't wait to see more episodes
Even if you agree or not with the Ancient Aliens Theory this series certainly opens up all sorts of questions and takes you to some of the most spectacular sites on earth. The series does become addictive for those of us with the ability to think outside the box and who are willing to just ask &#34;what if&#34; type questions. If you've been following the program from season one you'll enjoy the latest episodes.
My husband and I love this series, we couldn't wait till evening to settle in and watch this on our Roku together! Funny, heart wrenching, snarky, and super fun! I sure wish this series was on the TV, why do they always cancel the good ones?!
David Suchet is always great, and these mysteries are no exception.  I end up watching one after the other for hours.
excellent shows - love how the specials add to the story lines. Tennant is of course fabulous. also like they they are all christmas related.
I bought this series to bring me up to date  as I've started the latest shows on TV & realized it is in a second season!  I enjoy the shows as I can compare the police procedures between Canada & USA .  Home come our US cops are always shooting & banging people around??  I like the format for showing Victim & Killer in the beginning & then putting the puzzle together to show how these seemingly random people end up committing a crime.  Another study in the strange workings of the human mind.
We need a good political comedy that pokes fun at Washington. Its the only thing that will make the reality bearible.
Its even better than the former series.  Both the continuing story line and the episodes make for a great show.
This is a remarkable show about a family and their families, they touch on everything in life, love pain everything.
Love Justified. I hate when they cut out Meg and her Boys in season 3 but still enjoy watching every week..
I love this show and I don't think that will ever change.  I hate all of the characters and I mean that in the best way.  Hilarious.
Helen murres is a fine actress ! This series never grows old ! Have enjoyed it over and over again .
Well, what's not to like? It was Doctor Who? and new monsters and a new companion introduction, and it was a lot of flirting and some kissing and well that almost NEVER happens. It was a very satisfying Christmas special, a little more grown-up than usual, and I am beginning to warm to Matt Smith's Doctor. He was even talking to the lady=TARDIS, or I think that's what was happening -- fun fun fun!
The writers for this show are beyond awesome.  Laugh till I hurt funny.  I try to watch this at lunch time so I can get thru the rest of the day in a good mood.
Sometimes as the seasons continue to roll on with sit-coms it can feel that the writers run out of things to do. This series has not fallen into that and continues to be hilarious. The characters continue to be funny and the writing has stayed witty. This show can be enjoyed on many levels.
I totally enjoyed this series.  Too bad there were only 2 seasons.  He truely solved each case single handed as everyone else seemed to work against him with different theories,
Yes, it's another cop show...and it's a good one...with a dark, serious edge, yet retaining sober realism and pacing without relying on over the top, hyper-graphic situations and visuals, so often used as an easy crutch to artificially impart dramatic tension for the ADHD generation.  Make this one, Amazon.
I am a Gleek and proud of it! This show, from the begining has made me happy. Some of the song arrangements are iconic.The show has grown and continues to evolve around the group. I know it will end soon and I would love to see a video come out of some of the arrangements they have done. I just plain enjoy itt.
The cast and writing make this an excellent TV series.  Great fun to watch!  THis is one of the more clever television series on TV today.
Most of these are stories and evidence collected by amateur ghost hunters.  They get some great footage without all of the long episodes of other shows that often come up empty handed.  I enjoy these as they pack a lot of evidence into a couple of stories.
The guy from Beauty and Beast and the actress from Love and marriage make a great team. Jacks reminds me of a you godfather.What a great show! I cannot wait till next season. It is great to have all seasons available.Dr George Tomes
Great show. A lot of fun facts about astronomy. Fine for children. Illustrated with animation to keep their attention.
This is a different kind of show.  Vera is a very private person, but sometimes her feelings come through all the roughness.  The show holds your interest, and Joe is very easy on the eyes!
GREAT show. Even funnier cause we all know corporations think like that. Too bad this show was so short lived.
SUITS, one of the brighter shows from last season has returned for Season 2 and some changes have occurred. There is still the ongoing repartee between senior lawyer Harvey Spector (Gabriel Macht) and his prot&eacute;g&eacute; Mike Ross (Patrick J. Adams), the beautiful but always-serious head of the firm Jessica Pearson (Gina Torres) casts her spell -but now we have the return of the old partner Daniel Hardman (David Constabile) to stir up trouble. Themes are more serious, the women play a more important part - Sarah Rafferty and Meghan Markle - and the nemesis Louis Litt (Rick Hoffman) is as wily and oily and repulsive as ever. The storylines continue through episodes and the writing seems to be better fleshed out this year. Good wines are better with age and that is the case with this series. Grady Harp, August 12
Very cool movie definitely worth watching full of suspense and definitely creepy. Well acted and written Im definitely surprised it didn't get more publicity!
I also really loved the &#34;reboot&#34; they did after the red john stuff was over. I want to see what they do with everyone, MORE PLEASE NBC why are there not any new episodes recently???
I loved season 1 of this show.  Not really pleased with season 2 but I will probably get it also.  I love being able to buy and watch my favorite shows when I want to.  Excellent sound and quality.
This was an action packed series and the last season was as good as the first. I liked the technique of two stories running in parallel. The personal interactions of people and friends and wives with their various problems was very realistic. he series skips the long hours of boring training and life between hot action.
You never know what they will say or do, the show keeps you on your toes. My Husband I love watching this show for the great acting.  I hope they have a lot more seasons to come!!!
Emotional/mental whiplash of the highest measure.  Belly laughs and gut-wrenching emotions coming so swift and suddenly that it's impossible to absorb in just one viewing.  The mind racing to keep up and understand all the implications of each reveal.  A MUST OWN EPISODE if there ever was one.  And there's dozens of those - but this is a topper!)
Heart.love with a great case of tongue in cheek. (could be in your cheek). If you have any sense for a good time watch this show and start routing for you favorite ladies.  We can learn a lot from lady boys.  Love you Ru.
When an episode of "Intervention" covers two individuals, I usually find one person's story compelling and the other's negligible.  This episode showed two stand-out people.  I think a student could write a great paper comparing and contrasting the two.  Both interviewees have troubled and troubling father-son issues, but otherwise, they'll be seen as quite different.  Honestly, I think Middle America will relate to one and not the other.Josh is morbidly obese.  But he's a straight, white, probably middle-class guy.  Unlike many a lonely, fat dude, he does have a woman in his life though they are called broken up here.  Josh's father is one of those "My house, my rules!" tyrannical fathers.  The work never says anything about it, but it's funny to me that his father is named Rex, which means "king" in Latin.  A study suggested that although we fat men look jolly and good-natured, we're mostly angry and possessed with many a demon.  I soooo wanted to hug Josh, but also get him on a treadmill at the same time.  Josh's two younger brothers were thin and unfortunately it's never spelled out how they avoided Josh's and Rex's predicaments.I personally am fascinated about when biraciality and bisexuality intersect.  Ben is biracial and could be called bisexually-active.  I wish the show discussed his identity(ies) with him, but it didn't.  It struck me that he was passionate about books on European history, but I wonder if he'd enjoy ethnic studies or LGBT studies texts.  Unfortunately, Ben seemed like a terrible waste of gifts.  He has a 170 IQ, but his other traits present him as the stereotypical tragic mulatto.  We see him eating discarded food and laughing at garbage removal.  He sleeps in a damp basement.  Along with his unique identities, he was addicted to a unique drug, something called DMX which is over the counter.  Ben has a bruise near one eye and we never learn why: was he punched?  did he fall?  is it a lesion?  Speaking of tragic mulatto, he tries to sneak services from a prostitute and then acts surprised when her pimp retaliates.  Initially, I asked myself if this is an example of the furor in the African-American community about "the down low."  However, Ben spoke freely of prostituting himself and even his mother knew about it.  Ben is seen with a chubby, cute GBM named Todd, a former client.  As mentioned, identity matters are not discussed, but I wonder if Ben could turn his life around if he had more Black, gay mentors or peers like Todd.Again, I think most viewers would relate to Josh and not Ben.  However, I could list many ways in which it's the Bens of the world who are the most oppressed and need our support the most.  I saw another TV installment which suggested that Josh is really changing things and headed in the right direction.  However, in line with tragic mulatto tropes, this episode concludes with a lack of good news for Ben.This is one of my favorite episodes of "Intervention."  I really encourage everyone to view it and think deeply on its contents.
The &#34;Hour&#34; is a news broadcast show, that takes place in the late 30's, during the infancy of modern day television.  Spies, Patriotism, Government secrets, office romance and jealousy.  It makes for a really good story, with fantastic acting and actors.  Just another great British drama.
&#8220;V/H/S 2&#8221; is that rare horror sequel that actually manages to outdo its predecessor. It begins with the frame narrative, &#8220;Tape 49,&#8221; in which private investigatory Larry and his girlfriend/partner Ayesha take a job to find a missing college student. They discover his seemingly abandoned home filled with a still-recording laptop and a stack of video tapes. Since the subject is missing and he&#8217;s recorded on the laptop talking about the strange nature of the VHS tapes, Ayesha is tasked with watching the videos for clues as to his whereabouts while Larry searches the house. Smart move, Larry.&#8220;Phase I Clinical Trials&#8221; uses cybernetic technology to record everything our protagonist sees. Unfortunately, the restored vision also means he can see ghosts, which begin to haunt him. He encounters a woman named Clarissa, who had a similar cybernetic upgrade for her hearing. They work together to try to survive a nightmare world they didn&#8217;t know existed until it gets the better of them.&#8220;A Ride in the Park&#8221; is a zombie film with heart. Our protagonist decides to strap a camera to his helmet as he bikes an extreme trail, only to encounter zombies. It&#8217;s a POV series of alternately hilarious and heartbreaking shots about what it means to be the living dead.&#8220;Safe Haven,&#8221; the centerpiece of the anthology, is completely off the rails nuts in which every trope shows up: a cult, demonic possession, demonic births, mass suicides, and zombies (in that order) show up at one point. It all hangs together nicely, although the ending is unfortunately undercut by bad puppet effects.&#8220;Slumber Party Alien Abduction&#8221; is pretty much what it says on the tin. It involves a slumber party and an alien abduction. The aliens use a combination of terrifying lights and sounds, which has a disorienting effect in a POV film as you never quite know what you&#8217;re witnessing. It also features a dog cam, a first.The overarching plot works better than the first &#8220;V/H/S&#8221; by focusing on the films themselves. It seems our missing college student believed that by watching supernaturally recorded snuff films in a certain order, he could be affected &#8211; it&#8217;s clear he&#8217;s part of some weird Internet group dedicated to this sort of thing &#8211; and our protagonists (who aren&#8217;t quite as awful as the crew from the first) unwittingly stumble into the ongoing experience. There&#8217;s lots of stupidity here too though &#8211; Larry at one point just leaves Ayesha in a house they broke into to &#8220;get medicine,&#8221; among other absurdities, but they&#8217;re easily overlooked by the superb short stories.
The atmosphere, and above all the exceptional acting [esp Jodie Whitaker] of this series represent some of the best TV there is, and its cancellation shows that the TV executives are all about numbers rather than excellence.  Any old pap that gets high ratings will be endlessly repeated; challenging and original series based on history stand less chance.  For this reason, in addition to all the others, this series -- showing us the Cold War and its lessons far more important than the silly sex-and-betrayal politics of the copycat remake of House of Cards -- needs to be watched and understood.  The script is well done and the music sets the tone almost as much as the photography and the style of the 60s-70s era in which it is set.  However it is the acting and realistic portrayals of spy and counterspy, torn between patriotic loyalty and family loyalty that raises this series above almost all others.
Can't comment ethics he is my ancestor sort of.....
I was skeptical when this emerged as a spin-off from The Closer, which I absolutely loved, but I have to admit - this is great. Love it every bit as much as The Closer!
I never understood why people hated this show. I am not sorry that I loved it. It was abrasive and raw, but then again, so is life. Whitney was funny, but my favorite interactions were Mark and Roxanne, you just knew they were going to get together. Alex was what every supportive boyfriend should be, and in season on Neal and Lily were hilarious.
Another great season for Haven fans. Just when you though it was all over. New characters and the troubles are kicking up a notch!
I love this series. Sorry I am at the end of the series at the moment. I can not pay for tv. However, I have something to look forward to when the next one is available.
The first season of Jericho was as  good as any sci fi show.  Suspenseful great cast good story lines.  Shoulda been a classic .
Rome is more than a series of soldiers, war and fighting.  Rome also presented every day life in the city of the country that rule the world.The series follows two soldiers, Lucius Vorenus (Kevin McKidd) and Titus Pullo (Ray Stevenson).  Vorenus was a senior soldier while Pullo, a strongman with a temper, was your average grunt.  Both liked and respected each other, but in the way of family, often quarreled amongst themselves.Reality is shown by the extras having been trained in military arts ranging from marching to swordsman ship.  Helmet, armor and metal costume elements were handcrafted given even more authenticity to the actors' wardrobes and sets.  Even period fabric of wool, cotton and silk were imported and dyed at the production site.
This is quality entertainment. I completely didn't expect much from this, I was wrong, very wrong.
Not much in the world of entertainment lasts for more than a month or two today in this society, with a thirst that never ends for more and more trash by a people that wouldn't know good from bad if it landed on their heads. This show is still making us laugh and bringing fun in our lives some 60 years later and not missed a beat. Thanks so much for so many laughs.
Haven't watched all the episodes on this set yet, but they are as good the second time around as the first.
Enjoying this even more than the dazzling Season 1, the actors and writers (plus DP/fx/music) deliver a compelling, well-written and acted series that's even better than ever. Thanks for great storytelling!-ken
I'm glad after a short break the series is back. I think that the addition of Stephen King to the show's brain trust can only help make the series better. After  the first episode, it looks like Big Jim's character is going to be a little bit milder and less violent. I bet there are many more surprises in this second season. I can't wait.
This was a mind blowing episode.  I absolutely loved it.  The Doctor and River's reunion was more than I could have hoped for.  I also loved the interaction between Clara and River.  Can't wait for the 50th anniversary.  Hopefully we'll see more of River in series 8.  Moffat has once again out done himself.
Hopefully the writers and advertisers will see it our way and give us another season. I feel like there's a whole bunch more that can be told.
Super travels with Anthony Bourdain.  Everyone of his travel spots are down to earth and loaded with chuckles....sometimes outright belly laughs!  I intend to watch ALL of No Reservations travels as I get the time.
Where is the Money?Slippery relationships and bonds have steep price as they swim in a river of drugs, alcohol, and prostitution wanting to score.
"Project Runway" is a perennial guilty pleasure. Cat fights among fashion designers, Tim Gunn's mentoring, Heidi Klum's Teutonic accent, there's fun for everyone. "Project Runway" is very much at home in New York City, especially when the three finalists show their lines at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week at Lincoln Center. The 8th season is a standout with its flamboyant characters. The drama at the Parsons School of Design is as much a highlight as the challenges&the; looks.The 8th season had fascinating challenges-using materials from a party goods store, aMarie Claire (1-year auto-renewal)challenge, using avant garde hats from Philip Treacy (who designed Princess Beatrice's hat forLIFE The Royal Wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton: Expanded, Commemorative Edition (Life (Life Books))), making a 6 piece collection, using First Lady Jackie Kennedy as inspiration, and L'Oreal make-up. During the 8th season, Alexander McQueen (Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty (Metropolitan Museum of Art)) killed himself, and Heidi Klum commemorates him.The 8th season had its array of characters- from Carlos Casanova, the middle-aged designer Peach, the Laotian Andy South, the granola/hippie-ish Gretchen Jones from the Pacific Northwest, and the inimitable Mondo Guerra. Mondo Guerra was a standout with his designs;he even managed to make his HIV+ status into a clothing pattern. Heidi Klum wore one of his dresses to the premiere ofBlack Swan. Mondo Guerra's journey in the world of fashion is particularly personal."Project Runway: Season 8" has a line of standout celebrity judges- Jessica Simpson, Selma Blair, January Jones ofMad Men: Season One. Make it work! The designers do indeed make it work.
It's one of the BEST that my MONEY can GET in terms of true crime shows.The way the stories is told is very suspenseful and gripping. I could never know who the killer was before the detective revealed it. Detective Joe Kenda has a good sense of black humor and a humanitarian side. When he says he is touched by his victims' death, I saw it in his eyes, face and voice.In "A Killer Always Rings Twice", the killer and the rapist killed the second victim right under the police's nose. It's so unbelievable that it sounds like a Hollywood movie.
I really enjoy History Channel's 'Ancient Aliens'; I think the theories are very interesting.  The way our public schools and soon that 'common core' crap teach history, nothing surprises me.
This series is one of my favorites.  The actors compliment each other to balance the humor of a family's everyday life without falling into the pit of &#34;canned laughter&#34;.  Each show makes you want to continue to the next to see what happens.  Overall, an really funny show that will make you glad you watched it.  I highly recommend this BBC series as one of the best.
This is the second season and it starts off super!  They lay the foundation from last season and outline the direction for the future.  You will be spell bound as you continue to get hooked on this series.  Good watching!
This is the perfect comedy to watch when you need some mindless fun.  The guest stars abound, and the recurring jokes are a riot.  Great ensemble cast and because they're having a good time, you have a good time.
I just love to watch NCIS..this time I cheated..could not wait for DVD to come out..so I purchased it from Amazon and watched it on my ROKU...What a great summer I had watching this instead of waiting for the DVD to come out in late August.....
One more reason to can the Cable TV.. And I did.. I got all the TV shows I want on DVD....And CSI Miami is one of them.. I can now watch it from A-Z....I will miss CSI Miami..
I really enjoy the Falling Skies series.  Anyone who likes Sci-Fi series, I would  recommend  they try this one out.I enjoy the plot line how a group is able to survive an alien attack; it is a plausible scenario not totally unbelievable .It shows groups of rebels who are able to use gorilla tactics and solidarity to hack away at the alien  occupation  of the Earth.  The special effects are pretty good; and I especially like the skitters and the kids who were used by the aliens but were freed of their control but can still communicate with them.  It also does a good job showing the relational dynamics between groups and individuals under a horrible and traumatic situation.
this show just keeps getting better and better! New twists and turns to the plot, subplots; storyline is amazing! sad to see some characters leave, but enjoy the for the development of remaining characters
I'm a huge fan of historical fiction.  There are a lot of &#34;based on true events&#34; or characters type of stuff in this series too.  Totally an unexpected show to come from the history channel.  Why can't there be more like this???!!!
Love the clothes, the actors, the set, the storylines, love it all! Nobody can really appreciate the cut throat world of corporate law like someone in corporate law - really well written.
Series 4 was the first full season to switch from Agatha Christie's Poirot Short Stories to her Poirot Novels (two had already been produced in 1990), thus creating feature length TV episodes.These had been previously released in various "Poirot Movie Collections" using the old 1992 film to video transfers in standard definition. Now ITV, the owner of LWT programs, has gone back to the original camera films to do new Hi-Definition transfers, making the series look fresh and new.The three great two hour episodes here are:31  4-01  05/January/92  "THE A.B.C. MURDERS"32  4-02  12/January/92  "DEATH IN THE CLOUDS"33  4-03  19/January/92  "ONE, TWO, BUCKLE MYSHOE"While these may have been filmed in 16mm, going back to0 the original camera 16mm film elements to create this transfer will always look better than a 1992 standard definition transfer of a 16mm copy made from a 16mm dubbing negative.
I loved this show from the start and can't wait for the second season.  It's got monsters (both human and not quite human), action, science, great characters and a fantastic storyline.
this is JOHNNY QUEST with attitude. it's much funnier than Johnny quest was, but it has the same values: an unusual cast (JOhNNY QUEST, besides, having the coolest theme song, also had a cast that was multiracial, and this is in the 1960s), it has wit, and it  has verve.  The characters are fully drawn (not the literally, but they are well-written), and these characters play on stereotypes and preconceived and other preconceived notions.  Kudos to AMAZON. and i say Yeah.
I found this fascinating.  It is amazing how they pick up on the facts of a case.  I think you will enoyed watcing it too.
It just got better and better and kept my interest going for the next season.  I liked how the characters evolved.  I'm wondering if they will develop any of the background characters even more in the next season.
For two seasons, I watched Battlestar Galactica expecting a type of greatness that just never seemed to be realized.  It had its epic moments, of course, but I always felt as the drama was held back just when it should have been accelerated.  In this third season, however, the drama, character development, and overall plotlines are some of the most extraordinary hours ever produced for television.Because I am loathe to give out any spoilers, I won't discuss the contents of the episodes in this review.  Suffice it to say, however, that viewers get a "little bit of everything" in this third go-'round, including...-An insider's point of view on the Cylons.-Some incredible emotional drama stemming from the New Caprica situation.-Not a single episode that is a "dud"-A finale that is so epic and surprising that it takes a while to fully even sink in.I started watching BSG because I was looking for another "LOST" (what I consider to be the greatest TV show of all-time).  Though I don't think (as a whole) BSG lives up to that lofty mantra, I will say that it's third season is as compelling of drama as anything LOST ever produced.Thus, I do not understand the many people who consider this to be the "weakest" season of the show, as for me it was the season where everything finally came together in the big-time payoff.  I can't wait to see what the final season has in store for these characters I now have so much emotional attachment to!
This is a great, family friendly, show that helps kids with shapes and counting. It's fun entertainment and the kids love it.
Season 2 of the The Legend of Korra does not disappoint! Intriguing story, fascinating characters -- a great follow up to the beloved original!
Waited impatiently for the new season and have been pleasently pleased by the new cast members and plot line.  Looking forward to next week.
Season 1 of "30 Rock" was a landmark of television, if you ask me. Finally a sitcom that was original, refreshing, and, most of all, hilarious. When Season 2 began, my expectations were high. To say that my expectations were surpassed would be an understatement of grand proportions.Whereas the plotlines and randomly vanishing characters (any one of Rachel Dratch's appearances???) in Season 1 were out of left-field in that funny-but-almost-too-random kind of way, Season 2 was a different kind of animal."30 Rock" season 2 came from left-field, but this time, it pulled you over there with it. In the beginning, it held onto some of the pitfalls of Season 1 (i.e., Where was Jenna half the time???), but as episodes aired, the ensemble and the writing both grew into something much greater and more entertaining than Season 1 ever reached.Even as many shows suffocated and failed the hiatus the writer's strike brought, "30 Rock" seemed immune. In fact, I would be so bold as to suggest the break fueled the creativity. Either those last handful of episodes were pure, unadulterated brilliance, or I was just desperate for more "30 Rock" after their lengthy sabbatical.Some brilliant moments in Season 2: Carrie Fisher as a crazy ex-writer, EVERYTHING involving the Devon (Will Arnett) vs. Jack rivalry (including the Don Geiss coma), Jack's job at Homeland Security (can you say, "gay bomb"?), & Kenneth's House Party AND a special appearance by Al Gore satiring himself ("A whale is in trouble!") in one episode? Oh HECK yeah.All in all, "30 Rock"'s sophomore season was a brilliant display that proved that comedy can be even better the second time around.
I really am enjoying the same people from The Closer. Another show that is like eating peanuts. Love the stories and the people.
This is one of the best paranormal type shows on a major network in years, the cast is great, the stories are riveting and they keep you guessing many times as to who the actual bad guys really are.  Hope it lasts for years.
season 4 has some of the most outrageous and downright hilarious story lines. This show never gets old and I highly recommend it to anyone who needs a good laugh. I own seasons 1-7 and i can always go back, watch them, and stilllaugh like I never saw them before.
This show has the perfect amount of fun and drama. The characters all have good chemistry. I think it has an appeal for several types of viewers. Great characters. Excellent female leads.
Gina Gershon deserves to win many awards for her portrayal of Donatella Versace. I didn't know much about what happened after Giovani was murdered. This story was extremely interesting. All the actors did a great job!. I forgot I was watching a movie. I felt like I was watching the actual people.
We were surprised by this series.  Liked the mystery of what &#34;The Event&#34; will turn out to be.  We were also very surprised that the series was not renewed for another season.  I hope that this idea will be revisited in the future and perhaps a return to the idea with a fresh series, after &#34;The Event&#34; happened.
This show is very creative and kept interesting.  I am very interested to see the second season.The actors were good.  The story line excellent.
Each episode gets better and better. It starts off with a cool premise and then surprises you, quite often. It is a smart series that avoids cliches and I guarantee by the 3rd or so episode you will really want to see what happens in the next episodes. I hope they don't cancel this excellent series.
My first Bosch book was Bloodwork.  When it came out as a movie, Harry was played by Clint Eastwood.  Forevermore when I read other Bosch books (I have them all now!) I pictured Harry as Clint Eastwood.  Now, the problem with that was in Bloodwork, Harry had had a heart transplant.Forevermore, Titus Welliver with be the Bosch I think of.  This man has taken this character and made him into what I really should be thinking of when I read the books (I'm one who loves to re-read books I hold dear, and Michael Connolly writes those books!).The storyline is dark, as well it should be.  The subject matter is dark.  Very dark.  However, it does need to be brought to light. I will not give a spoiler to this episode, but I highly, highly recommend if you love hard-boiled detectives, this is exactly what you need. I love hard-boiled detectives.  PLEASE, AMAZON, MORE, MORE, MORE!
We cut ties with satellite/cable providers last year and have turned to a combination of Netflix streaming,  HULU Plus and buying our favorite shows on Amazon.  This works exceptionally well for us as purchasing the shows on Amazon is like having an unlimited DVR that you can watch from any internet connected device!Modern Family is one of those shows, at least at our house, that we can watch together and everyone enjoys themselves.  There is enough going on to keep the kids entertained (age 10) and there is a lot of humor geared towards adult viewers.  And anyone with kids knows, finding shows like that is a real plus.  That said, there are usually one or two episodes in each season that we don't let the kids watch due to more adult themes, but all in all it's a pretty safe bet.  And don't even get me started about the pleasure of watching TV without commercials!If you are looking for a great family comedy to curl up on the couch with, absolutely check out Modern Family.
this season of SOA has more twists and turns then the Pacific Coast Highway! Every episode is a cliff hanger in one way or another.This series is EPIC.Kurt Sutter must have had some close relations or some inside access to real MC's he seems to really understand the in's and outs of the MC world.I'm in an RC and we rub elbows with all of the 1%er Outlaw Clubs in our area so I've seen the real deal up close and personal.This is by far the best season of SOA.
As with other series I enjoy, I bought the entire first season so that I can watch it without commercials.  Easily worth the money.
It's week old episodes and don't cover every day but it's still a great show that every body love.  Witty and insightful as ever.
It was my first introduction to Dr Who and it opens the door for many more. It was a good episode.
An excellent ensemble cast.  Damien Lewis is magnificent.  When this became available through Amazon Prime, I rabidly devoured an episode...and then another...and then all of a sudden, Season 1 was over and I wondered at how deeply engrossed I became in Charlie's story and how much I had grown to care about him and his partner, Danni.  So now I was craving to know even more of Charlie Crews, et al. An excellent ensemble cast.  Damien Lewis is magnificent.  Now it on to season two.
It seems that the legal profession is a great backdrop for drama.  Add lots of witty dialog in the &#34;Suits&#34; scripts, and you have a winning combination.  Love this show and the unusual father/son relationship between the two main characters.  I'll be happier when more seasons are available on Prime.
I love music. All of these actors have great voices. However, I had just about given up on this series after the first season. Too much drama, with bad scripts. This season is much better. Even the intro to the show has a quality in graphics that was not there with the first season. It makes you expect better, and they have delivered a quality season this time.
A peek at the Brits in post war London and how they cope with change - from a world power to mature and historic nation.  Lots of undercurrent and back-story here, spying, love, control and cheating.  Great acting and sets fit into the 50s motif - sort of a mad men older sister story.Watch and enjoy.
Despite the fact that the writers now have the main characters being a &#34;couple&#34; after a lot of anticipation during a few seasons if they do get together or not the writers kept it exciting as it ever was ! What I love about Castle is the good portion of humor and fun they combine with the dark side of a murder plot . Keep going ABC - this show just rocks!
After watching the first 4 seasons of Chuck, I just HAD to get the last season as well - and it was money well spent. It was a little sad knowing the series end was coming, but the writers did a good job of keeping the action flowing right up to the end. All of the characters seemed to get their special moments during this season - the only character I missed was Anna from the early seasons.I don't want to spoil anyone's surprise, but we get a few visits and flashbacks to old characters, as well as a few new ones along the way. Most of the Chuck fans should be happy with the ending as well. Boy, it is ahrd to talk about this season without giving something away, so I will just summarize:If you watched the first four seasons, this season falls nicely in-line, but with a wrap-up in the final show instead of a cliff-hanger season ender.
I love this show!! Jay Ryan(I hate his real name Bunyan) and Kristin Kreuk have great chemistry. And, Jay is beautiful eye candy.
I think it's one of the best series on TV.  You just hope the remaining characters get to a place where they feel safe and no longer struggle.  Their struggle to survive in the new world they have to live in is challenging.If this happened in real life, we be in trouble for sure.
This is a good show. I would rather watch something that showed a case solved then one that wasn't solved
Gripping, different, thought provoking, good acting, intriguing story line - definitely should be on the &#34;lets have more&#34; list! Straight to Round 2 please!
i see a lot of good chemistry here between the actors - not just the major two but the support and there is also this underlying humor that is clever and subtle.
Here is another show that breaks from the norm and sets out on a new and different path.  A cast of characters with special abilities that are drawn to the town of Haven.  Also includes a love triangle that doesn't get too gooey.  I highly recommend this show.  Maintains the high standards set by Season 1 & 2.
I really liked this, and I love that the guy from leverage is on this. It was gripping right from the start. I can't wait to see more, the  ending was more then I thought it was, since the said infected, but I can't wait to see more!!!!
Great way to see parts of this country that you would not normally see. It is surprising the difference in houseing costs varying from city to city, state to state. Also interesting to see how individual couples think what is important to them when buying a home. My husband and I try to guess which house they will choose before the end of each show!!!Recommend to friends and family.
I really enjoyed this season of &#34;Drop Dead Diva&#34;.  I love the characters but do miss the previous angel. Characters are growing and developing well. Hate that Kim Kardashian is in the show. Disgusting person and lousy actor.
My son loves this show. He is learning Spanish as well by watching it. Amazing. He likes this show better then dora now.
I love the ongoing relations with Raylan and the people from his old home town. Its fun to watch the interactions of them all. I do think moving the show to fl will be a good change. The Kentucky setting is getting old but the show is great. Love to see it relocate. They have hinted towards Raylan getting transferred back to fl. Love to see a more Burn Notice type of scenery. Season five was very entertaining and well worth watching.
I have read most of Dickens books and Little Dorrit would be my third favorite behind, David Copperfield and Great Expectations.  I loved the video and everything about it.  The actors were wonderful , the scenery was outstanding, the script to my liking.  I will probably watch again like I re-read Dickens every chance I get.
I've loved Shark Week since it's inception, and through the years I've come to truly appreciate sharks of all types.  That being said, I don't put myself in THEIR environment anymore.  It's theirs, they 'own' it, they dominate it and I'm all good with that.  Still, I love learning about them, seeing them and watching the experts try to being understanding to we laymen.  That, I think, is what Shark Week is all about, although they do always bring the attacks to the fore, but that's because we, the viewers, are rubberneckers at heart and want to see blood in the water.I hope all will watch, learn and express their appreciation for the apex-predator of our seas.
This is a very exciting and turn of event series.  It never sleeps...packed with surprises.  It really draws you in and doesn't let you go.  Definately makes you come back for more.  The actors were incredible with each one perfect for their part.  I would say for sure that this series is for the adult who is not afraid of a little blood and guts.
This was so awesome. I loved the whole story idea around this and the characters were so real almost like real life.  Ending will make you come back for more.
Unlike many shows for kids and pre-teens on television, I actually like iCarly and have no problem watching it with the kids. Season 2 is my favorite season to date. The characters have already been developed, and they build on existing relationships, including Gibby. Spencer is our favorite character on the show. It's not too crazy for younger kids, and it has enough entertainment value to it that adults can sometimes watch it without wanting to jump off a building.
I will cheerfully admit to being a childless adult that enjoys this show. Kids can't appreciate so much of what makes this show funny. The songs are great and so are the characters. I cannot recommend this show enough. It is truly creative and deserving of your time.
Outstanding series! Subtle and well executed. The cast is first rate. This is not some 'great flaming romance' against a backdrop of war...............this is the story of how it probably was in Europe just before WWII. The chess game played by Russia and Germany against the rest of Europe. Highly recommend.
Gave it five stars for the writing, the pacing, and the overall acting. This is hands down one of the best pilot's for a cop television show I've seen.
Hot on the heels of a great freshman season, Season 2 of &#34;Justified&#34; continues to be smart, funny, and thought-provoking as well as keeping your interest with solid storylines, character development and introduction of new characters. Two words: Watch. It.
Justified Season 4 was just awesome.. we watched continued until we were finish with the season - Can't wait until we see Season 5..
Great new show, can't wait for more.
Love this show.  I watch it almost daily with my two and seven year old sons!  Good wholesome fun show for little ones!
This show is great !! Once I watched the first episode , I had to see more. Very funny. And after each episode , the whole family sits down to eat and says grace. Cool.
Great variety of good comics. Each show is just the right length to not get boring. The comics are really funny too.
Just when it looks like everything worked out the other shoe drops! I really can't wait for the forthcoming episodes...
I just love this series - I cannot get enough of it - thank you Steven Spielberg very much for this wonderful series.
I really like the story on this one and was sad to see this 1st season end.  All but the last episode was free.  Kind of a bummer that now I am hooked and will probably have to pay $1.99 per episode to see the continuing season and hopefully there is one.
I never gave it much consideration when it was first released.  Once I started watching it I was amazed at how much I loved the stars and characters in it.
New Girl's second season was just as strong as season one. Zooey Deschanel was born to play the quirky but loveable Jessica Day. In the start of season 2, Jess loses her job as a teacher and she also kind of loses who she is halfway through the season. She begins a sexual relationship with a guy who thinks she's someone else at first, then she starts to have real feelings for him in the Halloween episode. But that storyline arc isn't what makes season 2 so special. In episode 15, "Cooler" Nick (her insecure, unmotivated roommate) and Jess share a very passionate and intense kiss. I haven't seen chemistry this strong since Ross and Rachel on "Friends" in the mid-90s. After that episode, Nick and Jess dance around their feelings for each other. They are good friends, but Jess is afraid that Nick is not the right guy for her because he lacks direction and he's got commitment issues. Eventually by the time the episode, "Virgins" airs - Nick and Jess realize they can't deny their attraction anymore and take the plunge. What I like about this show is the Nick and Jess storyline could've been put on hold until later seasons, but the writers decided it would add more drama and authenticity to put them together as a potential couple instead of dragging it out. I really love this show. It's fresh, very funny, and full of surprising, heartfelt moments especially in the episode, "Chicago," when the gang is there for Nick after his father dies. My favorite episodes include: "Menzies", "Parents", "Pepperwood", "Quick Hardening Caulk", and "First Date". I can't wait for season 3 and see how the whole Nick and Jess relationship plays out. Of course something tells me they won't be a couple for long, because Nick has a tendency to sabotage himself. Enjoy season 2 and I also recommend checking out season 1.
I loved season 1 and greatly disappointed in season 2 (too much stupid middle school drama and not enough zombies), and had reservations about season 3. If the rest of the season is as good as episode 1, season 3 could be better than season 1! Lots of zombies, good sets and just the right amount of drama, realistic and approtriate without being silly or boring. I'm looking forward to a good season.
lots of action. Lots of unexpected twists, not just the usual. Good show to watch on Saturday night with nothing else to do.
The premise of this series is that a former special ops guy has a computer chip implanted in his brain so that he can access all electronic information in real time.  A female former secret service agent is assigned to protect him.  Even though the series is well-written and well-acted, without the special relationship between the two lead characters, it would be just another good scifi series.  But the nuances and backstory of the leads is what really makes the show work.  The on again off again affection/antagonism between the two main characters is what really gives the show perspective and keeps it interesting.  This is one of my favorite new series of the year.
I just love this tv show it takes you to a whole new world with magic and good vs evil.
This wonderfully dark season has shown that the person, no matter how seemingly infallible, that holds the gavel can become a ruthless man.  The difference is that we're seeing this from one of the characters that we will root for no matter what.  Charlie Hunnan has portrayed Jax Teller in a stunning, provocative darkness.  We can only hope there is light at the end for our new President, Jax.
I love the character development, the stories, thought provoking plots, etc.  However, I must turn my head often when the graphic, gruesome, bloody scenes are presented...yuck!
This is the kind of show that keeps you watching week to week. Good acting, good story line. I certainly hope this gets passed through. I know I would love this show. It's the kind of real, raw stuff you only used to get through channels like HBO.
Sorry this series ended.  Very well done, and fascinating subjects covered pretty well.Liked how the actors all were quite different, but each one contributed something unique and help solve the mystery!
Another great season of Storage Wars, with a few twists.  I really enjoy watching to see what some people basically throw away.  Sometimes, they get nothing but trash.
I don't like that his wife is gone, I don't like that his son is away. Those two things make the main character to me very unlikeable. However the storytelling and filming once again is amazing. I give it 5 stars because despite me annoyance at them creating a family drama out of his wife and child, it is good otherwise.I think we all see enough divorce in real life, seeing it on television in a series set over a thousand years ago is frustrating.
I really like the story line and the actors, it's entertaining with know violence. The cases seem to be about similar situations in life on the fast lane.
Which it was still on love SipowirZ and its additive whatched all the episodes in two months its funny cause its so old
There's really nothing more to say.  I was hooked by the end of the first episode.  The writing was spectacular.  The acting was great.  And it had you craving more.  The worst part about the show was that it had to end.  If you&#8217;ve never seen the show, you definitely want to check it out.  Trust me, you will not be disappointed.
It has some language and sexual situations, but the fact that they point out that some of their behavior is wrong is refreshing.  The story line is interesting and keeps your interest which, in my opinion, is rare these days.
WITHOUT A DOUBT THE BEST NEW SHOW THIS SEASON THE COLD WAR WAS NEVER SO HOT KERRI RUSSEL IN HER MOST MEMORABLE ROLE SINCE FELICITY AMAZING STUNNING THE STORY LINE AND PLOTS DON'T FAIL TO DELIVER  AND IT'S GOOD TO SEE RICHARD THOMAS BACK ON SERIES TV ALTOUGH IT'S A FAR CRY FROM JOHN-BOY WALTON , GREAT SHOW DON'T MISS IT
I just love this show, it is unique and well scripted.  I love the stable relationship between Nick and Juliette is wonderful.  Also the support group Nick has developed is interesting.  This isn't a show about a loner who &#34;gets things done&#34; but a human being connecting and making a difference in a complicated world.
Love the stories. Best show on currently! When will season 5 start? Or is that it? It may have gone to syndication already.
We started watching this show only because it was FREE for Amazon Prime members.  I had not heard of it before seeing it on Amazon.  I was very surprised to find it's a great show.  Even my husband enjoys it and I looked at it as a 'chick flick'.  This show revolves around a Vegas show girl who is getting too old for the stage.  There was a man who always stopped to see her when he was in town.  (Hubble) who is madly in love with her.  She ends up, in a moment of weakness she marries this man and he takes her home with him to a town called Paradise.  His mother lives with him, which he never mentioned.  She was a dancer also in her day and as a means of support she has a dance studio where she teaches teenage girls ballet.  The two lead women work well together and they are both quick witted, which lends some comedy to the show.  I highly recommend you check this show out.  I think you will not be sorry.  Hopefully this show is picked up for a second season.
I am glad to have the episodes via Season 3 on my video library. I can watch the episodes on my video library at anytime. Yet, I still enjoy watching the episodes from Seasons 2 & 3.
My review wont be long and I wont go into historical facts.  One review of another movie put it best. I am going to tell you simply why I liked it. And a few things I think I would have loved to see.  This film has tones of &#34;Braveheart&#34;, &#34;Gladiator&#34;, and the series Spartacus on the premium channel Starz.  This film has maybe two gladiator scenes, and one practice scene. It combines many of the same elements as the movies I mentioned up above. A young child sees his family killed and later as they fast forward 17 years he is a slave and a gladiator. He falls in love with a young lady of worth and good standing.  Unfortunately for him, a corrupt senator wants her to himself.  This is really what the story, at least to me is about.  It's about love, brotherhood forged through being a gladiator, and freedom.  Among these themes is also Mt Vesuvius, Pompeii, and a Tsunami caused by the eruption if I have it correct.  I loved the acting between the two in love, and Kiefer Sutherland was fantastic as the senator.  If your in to special effects then you will or should love this movie. It has it all.  That being said, I think they could have made an epic film, although three hours long to really capture this brilliant story.  I would love to see another series done like they did with Spartacus, only done with this film. Easily a four or five season story with this writing.  If you want to be entertained and enjoy a love story, some fighting but not bloody, along with special effects and some history of what happened to the ancient city of Pompeii then you will love this movie. You cant expect it to be like Braveheart, Gladiator, or Spartacus, only some common themes will be noticed.  I gave it 5 stars for the entertainment value it brought me.  The star of the movie, the gladiator, he is an amazing actor and he played this role to perfection and just made the movie that much better.  So if you want some fun, and something a little different, give this a try.  I don't think you can go wrong in watching it.  I was more then entertained with this movie. Enjoy....
I will be so shocked if NBC doesn't do a season 3, this is such a fantastic show. This is a quality show. I adore a quirky, unique charachter (but not in a Monk way, ugh). This show is fantastic, wonderful actors and superb writting. I've seen every episode and will be buying the DVDs for my collection.
We love &#34;The Closer&#34;.  A terrific cast, excellent writing, engrossing procedural.  Too bad they through in a little too much &#34;fluff&#34; towards the end of the series (we don't think Brenda's mother and father added anything to the plots).  But we watch the episodes over and over again.
I agree, if you like movies that are action packed or have  high speed car chases, then this movie is not for you.  But if you love a good drama, then this is it.  As far as plot, I had a tough time following it once or twice, but the movie really intrigues me.  I'm guessing I'll understand it better when I watch it again, which I will do, probably a lot!  Among other things, it clearly shows what can happen if your past defines you or is something so intense that it never lets you go.  Awesome cast, amazing performances by them all.
Little Britain is a show that you will either Love or Hate...  It's Brash, Racist at times and not at all american humour...  Butttt.....It is one of Britains fummiest ever collaberations...  Watch just one episode...  I think you'll be hooked~
Freda was a pleasant surprise. I thought a knew all about the Beatles. I guess not. Most of the movie was during their early years with their manager Eppy. I also learned a lot about Liverpool and the cavern during their early years. This movie was worth watching.
I love to watch this show. And I'm not going to lie to you the main reason is because Anson Mount is so Hot. He really is the reason I started to watch the show.
It is a very serious, intense story about cops finding the murderer of a teenage girl.  It shows you what this murder has done to each of her family members, candidates running for office, and the community at large.  It does hold my interest, but sometimes the subject matter is almost too sad and dark.
I'm rewatching this for about the 15th time. It's reaaally good. Can be disturbing, seeing the nasty ways people were slated to die - and for stupid reasons; but alas, it's all true. Recommended, for adults.
This program that I have been watching since I discovered Swamp People's first season here on Amazon is rivetingly entertaining.  I did not think reality TV could be anything like this.  Well done!  I'm happy to rate this 5 stars!
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE SHOWS THAT TOOK A WHILE FOR ME TO GET INTO. ONCE I DID, HOWEVER, I GREW TO APPRECIATE THE CHARACTERS AND THE ACTORS WHO PLAY THEM. I LIKE THE CONCEPT. AND AM SO INTO IT THAT I DON'T BOTHER TO WAIT FOR THE &#34;ON DEMAND&#34; CABLE VERSION, SO I DISH OUT A FEW BUCKS TO WATCH IT ON AMAZON.
I've enjoyed previous seasons of Bones more than this current season, although it's still a very good show.  I definitely prefer watching it week-by-week on Amazon Instant over waiting for it to show up on the network's website or on Netflix.
Suits is fantastic! The writers have created the perfect balance of humor and drama, you can't help but love all the characters in the show. I know there are few other &#34;law&#34; shows like Damages or the Good Wife and I've watched a bit of both and they're just not the same! The characters on Suits refer to things that are happening in pop culture which helps the viewers identify with the characters. I highly recommend it!
I just started watching this program, but I like it very much.  It has some interesting story lines such as using a Chemprinter to make your own medications at home instead of relying upon a pharmacy.  I wish!
the show was a well acted and gave me much to consider in every day life. A second season is needed,as I felt it left me hanging wanting to see the ext episode!
A well done series which is typical of HBO. Drama, action, adventure, sex, violence, and a little history to boot what's not like.
the thriller  and suspense are very well done,  the acting is great . I can't wait to watch the third  season
If you want a realistic FBI &#34;Who Done It&#34;, don't watch this,  This is a very hilariously entertaining 45 minutes of entertainment with a delightful cast of characters.  We have trouble limiting ourselves to a single episode a night and will be sad when we finish the series.
This series was a real eye opener for me on the colonization of Kenya by Britain, their culture living and the sometimes rough and overbearing culture of the people who settled there. The storytelling made for many surprises but isn't what I would call who-done-it plotting but instead was portrayed more as a story.
I love the show, but am royally angry that they chare tha same price for info commercials about th show. I want that money back. That's insane.
Year 3, and still love it.  Unexpected new twists and newer fantastic Grimm characters, with new developments for old ones.
I loved seeing what Sarah and Thomas got up to after leaving Eaton place. I wish another season had followed after the cliffhanger ending. But I'm picturing them raising a family in a happy, contented style in a cozy little cottage. They deserved happiness.
The season starts and ends with a lot of action. The main character is both complex and funny. I did have to adjust to the southern drawl but otherwise the show was fabulous.
If you have trouble with Irish accents, you might ought to skip this. However, i thought it was a lot of fun, with well developed characters, beautiful scenery and great monster effects. It's a little slow getting started, but things warm up midway and the dry humor and scares come in equal measures.
One of the very best shows on TV.  It is just amazing the footage of the wrecks. I can not wait until the next series.
The cast works extremely well together.  The episodes are well written and directed.  There are comical, suspenseful, action, and drama focused episodes that bring out the different aspects of the characters and plot.
The new season started with many surprises and unanswered questions.  From opening with the attack to having the new alien riding horseback, there were plenty of things to leave the viewer wondering about what was happening.  This looks to be another excellent year with many captivating story lines.
Superior to about 90% of the new comedies being churned out on prime-time networks.  Ignore the minority of hater reviews, and give it a watch.
the suspense is phenominal !!!!! The writers and actors do a great job... each episode pulls you in... wonderful and original
Best show on USA Network with attractive actors especially the lead and good stories and locations.  Easy way to catch up before the new season started this week.
Once in a great while do you find a Gem like this show... worth every penny it cost to own on Blue Ray... The story is compelling, with a painful tinge of Machiavelli (did I spell that right). So easy it was to find myself going along for the ride... and seeing the world of 2019 depicted in Epitaph One, it was very easy to believe that the Filthy Rich and Powerful would choose to steal young bodies in their continuing explorations of selfish and profane pursuits! Is this the real truth behind the series' cancellation? That this story hits the power elite too close to home? - Be careful Joss, soon they won't let you tell your stories anymore...
Hugh Laurie is incredibly talented as an actor, musician and singer. The other cast members are equally talented and it's quite interesting to observe their interactions while surrounded by humor, angst, drama and intelligent writing. Bravo!
Great show for a detective drama based tv series. Good humor and good story lines. I will be watching all the prime tv episodes that are available.
Seems like the show that inspired Closer, but they are both good. There are many similarities between the two shows.
This is a pretty decent pilot.  Something interesting and it kept my interest.  The acting was pretty decent and there are known actors in the series.  If they do it right this will be an awesome show.  If they do it wrong, it will suck.
Loved it... maybe the host gets a little crazy, but I REALLY like this show- am telling my friends about this!
This was one of the best series on TV and I really hated to see the series end. Really Good!
This series takes cold cases and shows how they were finally solved after years of sitting in files, unsolved. Sometimes the cases take unusual twists and turns; they are always interesting.
I have always enjoyed the Inspector Lewis series.  The mysteries are interesting and the acting is very good.  I highly recommend this show.
The series premiere thrusts viewers right into the thick of things, as firefighter Andy Darden has just been killed in the line of duty. Both Casey and Severide blame one another, and the death has rocked the confidence and morale of 51 in general. Meanwhile, Casey finds himself the target of a dirty cop's wrath after Casey refuses to cover for the officer's son in a drunk-driving accident that left another person paralyzed.There's never a dull moment, either professionally or personally, at Chicago's Firehouse 51. Led by Lieutenants Matt Casey (Jesse Spencer) and Kelly Severide (Taylor Kinney), under the direction of Chief Wallace Boden (Eamonn Walker), the firefighters at 51 are called to the scene for everything from apartment fires to train derailments to gang crossfire.Rounding out the crew at 51 are also paramedics Gabriela Dawson (Monica Raymund) and Leslie Shay (Lauren German); experienced firefighters Christopher Herrmann (David Eigenberg), Joe Cruz (Joe Minoso), &#34;Otis&#34; (Yuri Sardarov) and &#34;Mouch&#34; (Christian Stolte), as well as candidate/trainee Peter Mills (Charlie Barnett). The group frequently interacts with Dawson's brother, Det. Antonio Dawson (Jon Seda). a narcotics investigator who is often the means of gaining crucial information from the police department.On a personal level, Casey and his longtime girlfriend, Dr. Hallie Thomas (Teri Reeves) struggle to reconcile their differences regarding children, while Severide tries to hide a serious injury that is impacting his ability to do his job properly. Dawson struggles with her longtime crush on Casey; Cruz discovers his younger brother is part of a gang. Mills is anxious to become a full-fledged firefighter, following in the footsteps of his father who was killed on the job, while his mother is desperate to change his mind.And those are just a FEW of the longer-running storylines! In just this first season, viewers are also regaled with a character's mother being paroled from prison (for killing his father); pregnancies, gang activity, traumatic brain injury, and numerous near-death experiences of various kinds. Many of these stories are introduced as rather intense, but so quickly resolved that it truly takes away from how well the story is told. Or, even worse, some of the stories are introduced, indicated as extremely pertinent to the character(s)...and then dropped, never to be heard about again. Almost moments later, the next crisis hits 51, and the next, and the next.Fortunately, the show seems to find a better pace toward the end of the first season, and definitely from the start of Season 2. This way, viewers can more fully enjoy and appreciate the storytelling, as well as the character development, than when it's all rushing past like the men to the scene of a fire.
Much higher quality work than last season. Also it is a true fan season. Many favorites were back to prove how amazing they really are had so much more to give than many that came before.
Great series. Lousy ending.
Had watched the first season on Netflix.  So went to Hulu for second season, but since it had already started they only had last five shows which made me miss the first three or four shows of the season so decided to buy the ones I had missed on Amazonpime.  I really love Amazonprime.  I don't think a day goes by that I don't go to Amazonprime for one reason or another. A lot of the shows I get free and some that I really love I don't mind paying a $1.89 to see.
These kids are energetic and talented. My 3 year old granddaughter dances around the house listening and watching them. She loves the Fresh Beat!
I just started watching the series 1st season on Netflix. I really like it. The site is really funny and each actor is perfect for their part. I noticed Amazon carries all episodes but it costs $1.99 an episode or $2.99 per episode for HD. Totally outrageous! I'm even a Prime member. Amazon carries a lot of different series, but most you have to pay per episode!
Had the blinders not been taken off our eyes by revelations about NSA snooping, this would have just been a clever piece of SciFi. Not anymore.  WARNING: This is  NOT a feel good movie but excellent story line that imagines what life would be like in a monitored society.  Evil has a pretty face and wonderfully logical mind in this film. I enjoyed the opening comments by the PBS host for the series as much as I did the show itself.The mini-series asks the question: How much is your privacy worth?  Be careful of the answer you give; The Last Enemy plays out one horrific possibility.  BTW fascinating to see how far technology has come from cutting edge in 2008 (when the series was produced) to present; everyone is using Palm Treo's!
great show very different hope there are more episodes for this one. exciting and you can never guess whats going to happen
season 3 was very good I like them all season 1 2 and 3 and I will get season 4 asap !!!
Just as expected.  It just gets better and better.  Love the never-ending dynamics among the characters.
I had to re-watch the seasons to get ready for new season and it's great can't wait for new season.
Season 11 and I still like it. I didn't watch the first couple of seasons but I would like to watch it. Looking forward to Season 12.
Love this show because I truly appreciate the character development and depth of the relationships between them as they progress. There's a history and multidimensional aspect to everyone that makes you care about what happens in each episode.
The first half of this season had a great story line and continued of the previous season. The second half of this season went in another direction but the team as always handles everything in stride. This show is truly an original and is one of my favorites, Okay I'm a TV junkie and watch and collect a lot of shows but this is a great Sci-Fi show that's original and unique and lastly refreshing.
Its a good show.Since its set in the 80's, I wonder how soon before they will ultimately slant the political views.
About the time you think you can predict what's going to happen the show takes you in a whole different place. The plot connections are masterful and keeps me wanting more after each episode.
I love history and love seeing how they figure out what happened in these air crashes.  It seemed to be well done.
Clever, funny and fast moving show with a great cast. John Goodman shines with his pals in the Senate. Fun even for Republicans (like me).
I just happen to see this show on my Netflix and decided to check it out. I spent the whole day watching one episode after another, it's that addictive! I love Wade and Zoe together. And the rest of the cast is great too!
The story line is so intense you can't wait until the next episode.  Who are the good guys and who are the bad guys?  You think you have it figured out and then there is a new twist.  It is great mind candy for the mystery/thriller junkie.  I can't believe it was only filmed for one season.  How did we let that happen?  Bring back Rubicon season 2.
Only Modern Marvels does this good of a job at making something as mundane as dirt entertaining and educational at the same time.  Highly recommended.
Wonderful animated series...my child can't get enough! He will sit and watch episode after episode. Good, wholesome fun for the whole family...
If you want an awesomely funny everyman show, pop this one in the DVD player, sit back and just enjoy the absurdity, emotion and action.
Great show!  It is fun and has great family values.  We stream these over and over on Amazon Prime. Highly recommend this show.
Season 5 is a HUGE departure from the Archer we know and love, but it's still based around the characters that have become our friends.  For this season, simply because the creator of the show was bored with where it was going, the show has completely switched directions and is now open to so many more potential plotlines!I'll update this later after more people have seen the episode.  The main change isn't a well-kept secret, but I'd rather not spoil it for anyone who doesn't know yet.  I'm sure other people will explain what's happening, and I'll add to this then.So for now, please forgive the short review and just know that Archer is still the AWESOME show it has been, completely different and completely insanely amazing!
Didn't think I was going to like the &#34;new&#34; doctor...BUT I DO.  I think its great that the writers are developing the characters
so much going on this season... cant believe the intensity of the players this season!!!I think it better than all other seasons...
It just gets better and better each season! I stumbled upon this series when I was looking for something to replace my Breaking Bad void and this one is a perfect fit.  Gritty, funny and perfectly cast with a great storyline.
this is a BLAST to watch !! i dont like Angie's work , usually , but this wuz PHUN !! . many other movie themes you  will see gratuitously poked in and all fit well . action/adventure for sure ...  your turn ...
What can I say except that it gets more interesting and the writers seem willing to take some serious broad strokes with the story and cast. Keep it up!CJ
Loved this series.  We were so into watching that we had a hard time stopping.  We watched the total season one episode after another until we finished it.  Great season.
GREAT SHOW!!! MY BROTHER TOLD ME ABOUT THIS SHOW& I LOVE IT.... SO WHEN I SAW IT OFFERED AMAZON &#34;PRIME&#34; (FREE) I SNAPED IT UP!!!!
WHAT CAN I SAY, I HAVE BEEN WATCHING FROM THE BEGINNING AND WOULD NOT MISS IT. IT WILL SOON BE BACK WITH NEW EPISODES. THE TYPE OF SHOW YOU CAN WATCH OVER AND OVER AGAIN. (LIKE WALKING DEAD, THE STAR TREK MOVIES AND SHOWS. I CALL THEM MY COMFORT SHOWS. PERFECT FOR ANY TIME YOU NEED A BREAK FOR STRESS.  CAT
This show is engaging from the start. It feels a bit like Fairy Tale meets Leave it to Beaver. This is probably why the storyline seems to capture the attention of today's tween and their grandparents. It will be a hit.
I love scandal and when I miss this expose so I was able to order it on the amazon, Love it
This show is fabulous and can't get enough of Klaus and Elijah!!! Marcel and Davina are captivating along with Haley and Rebekah.
I think that is what it is about.It doesn't solve some great world issue or something.Just how to feel about your life.I did sit through the whole movie, without having to pause it and take a break where I could later continue.That's what I have to do to a lot of movies, either that or just discontinue altogether.This one is tolerable because as improbable as it might seem, it is possible, and did not overly strain my credulity.
I love watching this show just to escape from reality.  Fun, lighthearted humor that always entertains.  Judy Dench is the best!  I can watch it over and over with getting bored.
I really like this one, the special effects are amazing...I can't wait for season 3 to become available on Prime
Loved theWhole series. The acting, writing, scenery all of it seamless and engaging. Entertaining and I want more! I will be waiting
Honestly was surprised how watching a serial killer who kills other serial killers sucks a person into the show so easily.
This Volume of The American Experience contains the chapters on Jesse Owens and the Grand Coulee Dam. Both are well done and informative. The documentary on the building of the Grand Coulee dam not only looked in considerable detail about the politics and construction of the project but also looked deeply into the ramifications of this massive effort. Without supplying their own conclusions, the program raises the unsettling prospect that no major change in the  environment (such as this) is either all good or all bad. The program supplies information and leaves the viewer to draw their own conclusions. Overall, good food for thought.
The genre may be long in the tooth what with all of these political shows, but this one is starting off very well.  Lot's of avenues for plot points, the one's they are on now, should be able to drive through the whole season without becoming tiresome.  Having veteran talent also helps, because they give off the impression already of known quantities which adds to the mystique and hyperbole of D.C.
My in Laws are just like them when you come from the south you do alot of the same canning and living off the land alot you grow and hunt your way all year round this is just the best show I have ever watched showing that and funny to boot
Ok, this has all the foul things, violence, prostitution, drugs, etc.etc.  But Raylan, Boyd, Art and the rest of em are just so dang entertaining.  Mostly Raylan.Not much cussing.Can't wait tl season 5 is released to prime members...but can't see paying $2 per hour of t.v....
I decided to buy this based on the good reviews and the fact that Guillermo del Toro--one of my very fave directors, and the director of my fave ghost story--The Devil's Backbone--produced this.Well, no disappointment here. Not in any part. The acting, the direction, the scenery, the set design, the script, the music, the ending--it all worked together, all paid off.This starts off slowly, gently. But from the first images of children playing a game in the yard fronting a large, mansion-style orphanage--the shadows, the direction, the way the action of an innocent game is set up--perfectly sets the tone of the film. It's nostalgic, but it's also slightly creepy. It foreshadows a lot. Pay attention.Zoom years later. One of those children who'd been playing in the yard, the girl Laura, is now grown with a son. We find out the main characters--mother Laura, father, son Simon--have purchased the former orphanage and plan to set up a residence to care for special needs children. Simon, himself, is  a special needs child: He has HIV.Soon, the game of "invisible friends" takes on an ominous reality. And every scene builds tension, builds, builds, until we really are at the edge of our seat as this mother is thrown into the greatest nightmare of parents.The film then asks the question--of the lead and of the viewer--how far will a mother, this mother, go to find her missing son?While the conclusion felt inevitable and was pretty obvious quite early on (the clues are all there, and the script does not cheat), it's the HOW of getting to it that makes this all work. Almost all is fairly foreshadowed, but the small actions and words that lead us along to those conclusions can be easily missed if we focus on something that seems more emotional.I cannot describe how beautiful the finale--the climactic moment-- is. Tragedy, sorrow, redemption and beauty all coalesce. It is a miraculous cooperation of acting/direction/storytelling/setting/lighting and music that brings us to this moment of bittersweet magic.The denouement is lovely, too, leaving us with a feeling of what we lose as human beings, mortal beings, and what we can gain if there is more than mere matter.Tragedy redeemed--that's what I thought as I went to bed after seeing this.Yes, this is a ghost story that disturbs mightily, and the scares are surely present, but it is not a gore-show. It is a more human and artistic ghost story, and is in fact MORE than a ghost story. It's a story of family and friendship, and of a mother who will not give up, because the deepest love outlives the grave, even defeats the grave.You really need to see this film. Magnificent. (And pay very close attention to EVERYTHING, for all the strings come together in the end.)Mir
As with most any new series, the first few episodes were a little rough as the characters found their chemistry.I find a lot of parallels with &#34;House&#34; and &#34;Elementary&#34;, with the addition of supernatural forces.I object to the writers portraying Sleep Hollow as a small city of 144,000 -- as opposed to the actual size of about 9,000.  I think a police department in a city of 144,000 would come under a lot more scrutiny and the supernatural goings on would become very public.  A smaller town of 9,000 would be far more secretive.  If you can get by that (I'm working on it), I think you will enjoy the shows.I highly recommend the series.
Loved this program the story lines were very interesting and the actors all wonderful.  Simon Baker and all of the cast were great.  Not happy the way it ended but perhaps quite true to life.
I wasn't sure that I would like this series, but I am so happy that I gave it a try. Humor, music and heartfelt stories wrapped up into a terrific series.
I just started watching the walking Dead in November. They did a great job on the TV Show. I am reading the first Book. &#34;The Rise of the Governor&#34;. I must say I am enjoying it. It is much different from the show. I cannot wait to read the comic.
This should be a great kids show for all ages. I can't imagine where they will go with this show but I did like the frog/boy story. It was cute.
I love Clara.  She reminds me of Rose a bit.  Definitely going high up on my list of favorite companions.
I dont want to say anything but how we've enjoyed watching.&#34;Life&#34; is good, enough said.  Please, consider as much of this rating as needed.
the ending was so great!! I cannot wait until the next episode. i also see myself buying blu ray and instant video.bring back alpha house
I like a good scare and this shows can scare you eight. I watch it each week it is onand love it/
I loved this series when it was on TV originally.  I am glad it was available on Amazon now.  My children liked it when it came out and both started looking for things in the library thanks to this show.  I wish that some station would remake the series.
I have to admit, I was a Closer fan and was so sad when Kyra decided to leave.  I didn't think anyone could fill her shoes to make such an interesting character.  Well, I am happy to say, that I was right and wrong.  Mary McDonnell doesn't fill Kyra's shoes, she came in with a new pair.  The show is still funny and exciting and has a big ol' heart as well!  Now in season 2, the story with Rusty continues to warm my heart and Sharon continues to demonstrate how a woman can be strong, moral and smart.  Shows with strong, female characters are too few and I'm so pleased that we are keeping this one around.  I'll be watching it until the end.  Way to go Mary!
On the edge of your seat waiting for more and yet not really wanting to look. Never thought I would be looking forward to another season about Zombies but I am.
Season 2 just as good as Season 1.....can't wait for Season 3.Highly recommend this series.Here are 4 more words.
I appreciate this thoughtful show where characters develop and solve problems, but nothing explodes.  It's an old fashioned spy story and we are really enjoying it.
This show is all you would  want in a television show to be! It has a plot, it is entertaining, sex, exciting from begining to end. I wold recommend this show to all who want an adventure right in your living room. You have to get this one in your collection!
Frontline correspondent Maria Hinojosa did a fantastic job in this segment.  There really shouldn't be anything complicated about human rights.  When the President said the issue is very complicated, he meant politically.This episode focused on injustices for illegal immigrants regarding laws and enforcement of those laws.  A lot of time was devoted to a privately run detention center where sexual abuse of female detainees had been occurring as a matter of course.  Some of these women are mothers of young citizen-children and haven't done anything wrong other than being in the U.S. illegally.As correspondent Hinojosa discovered, the reason sexual abuse of female illegal immigrant detainees prevailed was that perpetrators stood the slimmest chance of facing justice themselves.  The detention centers are located remotely, the detainees do not have the right to an attorney, immigration officials were not responsive to calls for investigations and threats against complainers deter victims from coming forward.  Finally, it's cheaper to deport than investigate and litigate the grievances.Politicians interviewed called for reform to immigration laws, including both parties.  I couldn't find a distinction between the parties on the matter although others will perceive distinctions.  Congress doesn't pass immigration reform because it wants a lot more enforcement on deportations first.  This makes life very stressful for undocumented workers (I think that's the term used in this episode), especially if they have dependent children.What I saw in this episode made me feel that reform should not wait on more enforcement.  Human rights should not be on hold pending other actions, in my view.  In the long run, there's always blowback of some sort.  I'm quite sincere in saying the one-size-fits-all deportation rules could in the end alienate the very people we're going to need in coming years.
Along with Lost Girl and Being Human, Haven gets as good as Syfy can get. The series has an intriguing plot, is well directed and well acted. Emily Rose is excellent and really should spring of to a full fledged movie career after Haven. Eric Balfour is absolutely great as Duke, the actors playing Nathan, the newspaper brothers and all the rest are top notch. I wish however that they had kept The alternate Audrey from season two on. The intricate pulls you in as the story is woven, but nothing is down to just simply be weird. Everything has a purpose, like the classic The Prisoner. I love it.
Most vampire drama is old hat. There's a lot of standard vampire stuff in this, but the main vampire is, at the very least, in pursuit of interesting achievements. That alone makes this worth watching.
I don't want to give away any spoilers, so I will make this a brief review.  This series is simply AMAZING!  If you are a science fiction fan, this is a MUST watch!  My whole family are hungry for the latest season to premier.  =]
wow i loved this series it was jammed pack with action. i can't believe it is over hopefully they will have another great series like it
The writers of this show say what many people are thinking about one another. It is also rewarding to see a senior citizen toss zingers at the younger women in the house. Awesome entertainment that I recommend for both genders!
The series Private Practice just gets more interesting.  It is the type of series where the characters are likable and you cheer them on.  The series can go from a light hearted fun to a really tense act of terror.  Adults will enjoy this series as there is plenty of sex going on and a lot of bed partner change overs.  As new characters develop,  you are anxious to see where their stories will go.
I really enjoy this show.  Most of the time they are buying houses I would never, ever be able to afford.  Also, I find it interesting to see the real estate prices based on the area of the country they live in.  Move to Missouri people....most of you could live in a mansion here for the price of a small two or three bedroom in most states.  :-)  Sometimes when they tell the price, my mouth drops open.  ha!  Its a fun show.  Hubby always wonders why I care if people we have never met choose house number one, two or three.  LOL!
This has to be one of the worst movie ever made, but easily one of the greatest episodes MST3K has ever done.  Miss this show to death!
A lot of fun.  Best pageant of any kind! Every episode is a gem. And may the best girl win!
Plenty of snark mixed with loads of action along with a storyline threaded throughout the entire series makes this a must-see.
Another great series from Joss Whedan, that never got a fair run on network TV. It has twisty and thought provoking plot line that really make you think.
On the edge of my seat.i enjoy tv and movies ,I do not mind doing a revue ,but I do not like to be told how many words to use.if you do not it will not complete the review
Dr Who has always continued to thrill me, what with convoluted plots, snappy one liners and twisted endings, what's not to like.I am holding judgement on the new Tardis, though. Each time there is a change, it indicates the general mood of the series. Don't think that this year is going to be light and fluffy. But there is a reason for everything, as we all well know. Just food for thought, you, the fans, do remember that he has a clone &#34;daughter&#34; out there, right? Am looking forward to the new season with anticipation.
Best show on television, I would argue.  I would recommend trying to start at the begining...not a huge requirement, but it does give a lot of background on the characters - Danozo and Gibbs mostly.  I've watched it since Season 1 and will watch it until they stop airing, in which case I'll rewatch it!  I definately recommend to anyone!
Really enjoyed this series. The cast and the stories were great. Will go and find the original Inspector Morse  series so I can see inspector Lewis' early days.
Exciting and great rapport between Jeremy and Amber. This series was on TV for only a year which was a shame because it was well done.
After how Grimm ended, I knew this would be an intriguing season. I knew nothing, for this season would prove that this had people running a story, not simply another crime procedural or supernatural crime thriller. Not only are there more crimes that are a juxtaposition of Grimm fairy tales and real-life types of crime, there's another story arc taking over, one dealing with a monstrous conspiracy that could shame Interpol's wanted list and real-life conspiracy theorists if it were real. Good thing it isn't,it's only inspired by real historical dealings of the same sort.In the end, it delves further with a couple new people finding out about the Wessen and a zombie outbreak, with end card titlesthat show the showrunners have a good sense of metahumor.
I love the doctor.  I am having some trouble getting used to Clara.  Let's face it, she's no Amy Pond.  But we still love the show.
I have watched the first three shows thus far and have found the writing and dialog to be very good. If you like &#34;Falling Skies&#34; you will like this show as well.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE  Teen Wolf! This is a series that delivers. In my opinion this is a GREAT competitor for True Blood, in storyline, special effects, comedy, the whole sha-bang! Dylan O'Brien makes the character Stiles seem so much like you're actually watching someone you personally know or have known in your life just being themselves in their natural skin, this is a special gift that he possesses. I think Lydia even adds a comedic facet from the feminine perspective. The team that compiled and put together this this delicious recipe of great actors/actresses should be made into royalty! I just finished watching the first two seasons on Netflix and caught up on season 3 on MTV and was NOT ONCE disappointed in an scene or episode. The occultic special effects weren't hokey in any shape, size, or form, no pun intended, lol, but lent you to believe that if there really were werewolves, this is what/how they would appear. I'm droolin' as I'm texting in anticipation of the next episode!
Great show.  Love the close knit family.  Makes you smile over and over again. Feel good entertainment for the whole family.
After watching this film, I'm really scared to go to the ATM whether its alone or with friends. This movie is a good thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat. My roommates and I really enjoyed it. Josh Peck was a good actor. It was good to see him on screen after such a long time from Drake & Josh.
No, I can't put it in the same league with West Wing, but how many shows are?  This move fast, has great humor, plots and characters, some of which you may have at first despised only to find yourself having a little affection for... Oh, and sexy too.
I love the ease to remember songs for my kids, and that it helps them work on their memory. It's got rally cute characters too. I so like that it teaches Spanish too
This season followed suit with all the others. It was awesome and there were so many cool artifacts!  Keep it up Syfy!
I had gotten bored with the last couple of seasons.  With this being the last one I thought I'd check it out.  And it's really good.  Coming to be a good send off however it ends.
what a story of real life,  probably really exists.  not in my world  but I  can appreciate the fantasy.  love all the characters,  and the acting is fantastic
I love NYPD Blue because it's so well written, has such great talent, and it is not overwhelmed with sex scenes.  Yes it contains some, but it's not all the time.  The stories are about people on the street and the everyday happenings of a cop shop.  Simply one of the best shows of its kind out there.
This is a tense, suspense-packed series that I highly recommend.  It is Cumberbatch doing the offbeat guy he does so well---and a likable one at that!
GREAT series! I love this show! It's as though it's a cross between Firefly and Battlestar Galatica, so it ROCKS!
I never heard of this  show till i was going throw kids shows on xbox 360 with the amazon app and now me and boys watch it all the time.
This series is gripping, keeps you on the edge of your seat.  The main character is one you can identify with and yet has qualities I don't have, but admire.  Secondary cast, writers and director and absolutely the best.
I have viewed since day one, with the help of commercials before it was on. Has went beyond all expectations and more. I am hooked.
Season 2 picks up where season 1 left off. The usual suspects and gang are all back again with their perspectives and takes on a multitude of history's and antiquities best unanswered or unexplained events locations and stories.
This is my favorite tv show.  I can hardly wait for the new season to start.  It has action, mystery, and terrific character development.  It is definitely an &#34;adult&#34; show because there is some violence and it feels so real that it can be a little scary.  Anyone who likes mystery and suspense would love this show.
SOA is a show you can't quite believe you're enjoying.  Some beggars belief but still fascinates.  I can't wait until the next season!
I loved this show. Hilarious, raunchy (but not too much as to appear as if they're trying too hard), smart and unique. I want more!!
Superb and outstanding are the words I think of when trying to explain this pilot. The title seems to give the storyline away, but for all the members of this family, it explains it all.Jeffrey Tambor, is the patriarch of this family, two daughters and a son with issues of their own, and are they issues. As the  father says, his children only think of themselves. The younger daughter unhappy with her body, no job, no real life. Middle son, seems to have sex with every woman who moves, but has he found love at last. The older daughter, married with children, but meets her college lesbian lover at their children's school. Dad and mom divorced, and it seems mom, played by Judith Light, talks incessantly. She has another husband in the throes of dementia, or maybe just never has a chance to talk. The children, all adults trying to find their way. And, the biggest elephant in the room belongs to dad. He can't seem to talk about his issue except to his group.The writing and acting are superb. Grabbed me from the first scene. I can only hope this becomes a series. Opening new doors, and closing other ones. Hello, girls, really!Recommended. prisrob 02-09-14
We haven't missed a single season of this exciting show.  We love the family aspect and the challenges that the crew overcome. Great adventure!
My husband an I really loved this show. It was one of the good ones, but I guess there was not enough nudity and sex in it to keep some people interested. This show had a story to it as well as one not readily seen; unlike these scummy little sitcoms where every week they think up a new reason to jump out of their clothes and into bed!
Quick Overview: Detective Crews was sentenced and served years in prison for a crime he is now exonerated for. He received a hefty settlement but decided to return to his work where he got a new partner. Together they solve murders. When he is alone, he is tries to solve the murder he was put away for.Love the Life television series. I don't know how I missed it when it was airing. Damian Lewis is great. His character, Crews, is eccentric but smart. He often looks like he is about to board the crazy train and then suddenly it all makes sense. Then he does it again! He is a little crazy and a little genius. Pretty obnoxious sometimes too.
from what ive seen of this show, it's funny and thats good.
I really love this show.  It's so quirky.  There's nothing else like it on TV and I can't think of another show like it in the past.  It's more like watching standup sketch comedy on stage...only this is a TV show.Every actor in this is just so unique...and they do a great job with their oddball characters.  I especially like Jane and her husband Brad...they are so funny together and play off each other so well.I live in Chicago and this show is supposed to be set in Chicago, but clearly they film it all on soundstages in LA.  That's okay, though.  They don't really try to fake being in Chicago and don't even make references to real Chicago locations all that often.  It's kind of fun to see Hollywood try to depict Chicago...instead of it trying to depict a fake version of New York (like on Friends and other shows).I find myself able to watch episodes of Happy Endings over and over again.  If there's nothing else on and I want something on in the background as I'm cleaning or doing other things, I put this show on.  It's so fun and the wordplay is so rapid fire and quick that I pick up jokes here and there that I might have missed on the first viewing.
Great show. Felt bad for the ones who did not take the help. Hoping the ones that did get help are still doing good.
make these prime? PLEASE! these are the best shows. they are crazy and trippy but they send a wonderful message to kids!
This is a good series and it is interesting to go back and watch the beginning now that I know so many things have changed.  My daughter wanted to order it and I watched it with her.  I noticed many things that I missed the first time.  Interesting!
be warned, this Historical drama has some Very graphic Violence. this show won't be for everyone. that being said, the shows producers strive for historical accuracy and it is rewarding. The Shows main character, Ragnar, has one foot in myth and one foot in documented history, and really brings to life the day to day struggles of being a busy barbarian with dreams of greatness both for his people and his own family. peppered with storylines of Trust, Betrayel. Loyalty and revenge. if you are a Fan of the first season, you wouldn't think of missing this one.
Love any movie based off of history was born in the wrong era. This movie lets you see a glimpse into reality of how far we have come from leaving in straw huts to indoor plumbing. Minus the shield maiden that every man wants, fights to the death with the blade ( also every man wants), and intrigue and camaraderie. Not to many woman will enjoy this as much as the man but keep it coming love the movie and acting can't wait for next season.
Great series. Police work with some twists and a lot of humor. I have really enjoyed this season and am looking forward to more.
The title is accurate TOO CUTE.  To me there is nothing cuter than a puppy.  This program shows the little puppies lives from total dependence on their mother until they become little rambunctious and playful creatures.  Also, according to their breed, it shows how some will be trained for service and some too become show dogs, etc.  Anyone who watches, couldn't help but want a dog as a pet and a friend.  I have had five in my lifetime.  A puppy is not only an asset in a child's life but an adult also.  I highly recommend that you watch this program.
Students of politics should love this series. Game theorists should too. Actually even ordinary mortals will love it. Although the title is Revenge, power is at the center of every episode. Understanding that power can be defined in terms of its resources, the principle resources in this instance are information and secrecy. It is no surprise that Amanda Clarke (actually Emily Thorn) is dead and Emily Thorn (actually Amanda Clarke) is still alive, although she has come through some close scrapes. It is the secrecy that has saved Emily from the ongoing maliciousness of the Graysons. Clarke was "out" and Thorn was still in the shadows. Of course with the aid of Nolan Ross, a low key tycoon and cyber wizard, Emily (actually Amanda in the shadows) is able to have access and opportunity to observe the mischief of the Graysons on their laptop, and watch the ongoing chicanery unfold. By remaining in the shadows they are able to toy with various Grayson endeavors. The tone of the story is superficial civility masking underhanded, backstabbing and ruthlessness. Even murder is in the vocabulary of malicious action for the Conrad Grayson, but Emily is a martial arts practitioner and capable of pointing a gun and squeezing the trigger herself.  Emily (actually Amanda) keeps score by recording an "X" through the  faces of pictures of her targeted foes stored in a box of "keepsakes" under her living room floor as she embarrasses or inflicts damage upon her targets. I love this series for its intricacy of the game. I once had a college professor tell me that a characteristic of great art is that it lacks immediacy. This seriously meets that test. There remains much enjoyment on subsequent viewings. I have watched both seasons at least twice.
My son loves it. It gives him another chance to enjoy the stories I grew up with in different ways.  I love it
Truly one of the best shows out there!  Rookie Blue puts Grey's Anatomy to shame in ever sense of the word
This is one of the Best Alien Apocalyptic shows Ever. This season brings new story lines and creatures. I don't want to say to much and be a spoiler. Watch it, you'll like it!!!
I don't have cable, so I purchased this show on Amazon, and it was worth every penny. There are so many really good characters, and the plot is fast-paced and full of excitement. Noah Wyle and the rest of the actors are very good in their roles.
I am NOT a fan of reality TV or educational programming or game shows, but TOP SHOT is awesome! It's a great show with some cool weapons, and some really good shooters. Can't wait for season 5 all-stars.
This show was genius. Dark, moody, off beat, hilarious. If you are offended easily, stay away.Krysten Ritter was a spectacular 'villain' as the evil roommate who can't stop torturing her wide eyed NYC newbie from Indiana.James Van Der Beek : true greatness poking fun at a somewhat fictionalized version of himself, aided by a priceless sidekick- his assistant, Luther.This show was truly greatness and if only Nielsen had then been counting online audiences, it may have been able to stick around.Catch the two seasons on Amazon or the 'lost' (new) episodes are also on the ABC app.
I love wherre this series has been going. Having them together has not diminished the fun or excitement of the episodes at all. This should be the best season yet--I am so looking forward to the next episodes! Toni and Roxie were always my favorite undercover characters and having them back for Episode 2 promises to be classic Bones and Booth repartee! And the wedding coming up should be a total delight--we've been waiting almost 9 years for this moment. I know it will be an episode I watch over and over!
This is a show that the whole family can enjoy together.  My husband, son, and I gather together to see the treasures as they are uncovered.  It's educational like PBS's Antique Roadshow.  Storage Wars is a great character study as well.  Barry knows how to live life to the fullest.  Dave's business excels thanks to his street smarts.  Poor Jeremy is still learning; if he'd only listen to his wife Brandy.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.
This show is great.  A bit thematic and in its own way, reminds me of watching &#34;The Big Valley&#34; shaken and stirred with &#34;Gunsmoke&#34;.  Two iconic Westerns.  There's a Miss Kitty, a 'Good Woman', a 'Slightly Shady Townie', young love and lots of good and evil  characters.  The landscape even looks Western.  Really great fun.  Grant Bowler makes the series seem fresh and new while holding that gruff and upstanding Western hero stance.  He holds the different story arcs together along with his 'daughter' - a fine actress in her own right.
clean moral and interesting.. bloodshed not too bad..good family values,and including God in the plot.wish there were more progams like this.
outside! outside! everybody outside!line up! line up! everybody line up!and i'm starting to understand that when they are telling stories they are still underwater but are subject to the laws of nature and physics that would be in place if they were in the place where the story is being told. when they are not acting out the story they are really underwater and for the most part the environment reacts the way you would expect to to react. sometimes i still get frustrated when they swim up ladders or spray water or drink from glasses.
Love the show! Super funny! Enjoying it whileit lasts! Before they get into telling to deep of stories and it turns into some weird nerdy soap opera......it always happens......
This show gets better and better. I hope that it stays good even with Ziva gone. I love Ziva and miss her character so much but am willing to give the new girl a chance. I had to give Ziva a chance and liked her more than I did Kate which I never thought was possible.
Love it!Great show, filled with awesome characters that feel like they from a Sergio Leone movie and fell out into modern day Kentucky. Do yourself a favor. Go back to Season 1 Episode 1 and watch the WHOLE DAMN SERIES!!!!!
There are a lot of kids' shows that are super, super annoying.  This one is cheesy, but it is sweet, and I especially love Steve.  I love how this show teaches kids about deduction and gives them the chance to solve mysteries.
Two major plotlines shape season three of Supernatural.  First, Dean has sold his soul to the Crossroads Demon to save Sam's life and has one year to live before the demon collects on the bargain.  Second, the Winchesters open up a Devil's Gate and release hundreds of demons into the world.  Season three runs at a breakneck pace, largely to Dean's impending doom.  His deal is referenced in nearly every episode and you get the sense of being on a trail speeding headlong into the unknown.Two new recurring characters are introduced in season three, both of them female.  First there is the demon Ruby (Cassidy) who becomes Sam's guardian angel (so to speak) looking after him for her own reasons.  Bela Talbot (Lauren Cohan), sometimes ally but usually foe, appears in six episodes.  Bela deals in stolen magical talismans and the like but is hiding her own dark secret.Season three is the darkest and grimmest season so far.  As time ticks away, the Winchesters become more desperate and careless to find a way to free Dean from his deal.  With hundreds of demons on the loose you might think that the season would become one-dimensional but that is not the case.  The writers did a good job of sprinkling in side stories into the writer's strike-shortened, 16-episode season.Among those shows that separated themselves from the main plotline were "Bedtime Stories" where a comatose girl brings the Brothers Grimm's fairy tales to life and the wonderfully amusing (and gory) "A Very Supernatural Christmas" in which the boys encounter a pair of Pagan Gods disguised as average suburbanites, who are feasting (literally) on their neighbors.Among the best episodes of the season (in addition to A Very Supernatural Christmas) are "Jus in Bello" as the Winchesters are captured by the FBI and are jailed in a small town Colorado jail until they can be moved.  The show is inspired by Fort Apache: The Bronx as dozens of demons converge upon the jail intent on killing everyone inside.  For the first time we hear about the demon's new leader, Lilith.In "Fresh Blood", the Winchester-hating Gordon, also a hunter, escapes from prison and begins hunting the boys down again but has a fatal encounter with a vampire, turning him into a creature of the night.People are receiving calls from the dead loved ones in "Long Distance Call".  While the people are overjoyed to hear from their deceased family members, the Winchesters do not believe whatever is calling them are benevolent spirits.The season and Dean's fate concludes with "No Rest for the Wicked" as the clock strikes midnight on the last night of Dean's deal.  While it was a solid season finale, it felt very rushed.  The last episode would have been better served as a two-hour finale but that probably was not possible due to the strike.One of the major developments of season three was Sam's development as a stronger character.  When Dean tells Sam that they have to kill Gordon before he kills them, he surprises Dean by agreeing.  Sam becomes more forceful and takes the lead on several occasions as Dean tries to prepare him for life as a solo hunter.  The only disappointment about season three is that Cassidy will not be back for season four as Ruby, as her contract was just for one season.  She is replaced in season four by Genevieve Cortese.While the five-disc set does not feature any audio commentaries like the first two seasons did, it does come with episode introductions by the various directors or writers.  Other extras include three featurettes on special effects, Dean's Impala, and the "Ghostfacers episode" along with a gag reel.
If I could give this season 100 stars I would!! The added bonus of the "Tim Gunn Save" along with some interesting challenges and some very passionate contestants make for an absolutely fantastic season!!!!!
Love it, You just never know what going to happen or show up at the shop. I still can't believe after someone comes in with an item and the guys say the value is low they get an appraisal  and now the value is higher, The customer now wants the high retail value.
I absolutely loved this. Really hope it gets picked up, I would very much like to see lots more of this show!
If we ever watch a concert on the tv, it has always been only once. This one will be watched again and again (and already has). Her performances are spectacular. She has totally and forever ruined us for enduring untalented and unmoving (both ways) performers. Our family are now officially P!nk fans.
I absolutely love Suits. After watching the pilot episode I was hooked. I watched all 12 episodes within a day! And I have re-watched all of them as well. Why is this show so good? Well, I love the premise. It is a lawyer show and it is very interesting to see all of the different cases they get. I love the two lead characters Harvey and Mike. Separately they are both very intelligent and funny guys, but together they really shine. They play off each other really well and have some really witty dialogue. Mike has an eidetic memory so he is really useful in remembering small bits of information and he manages to save the day a lot. Harvey has a lot of confidence in his abilities and at times can come across as arrogant, but he really steals the show when he is onscreen. He exudes this amazing amount of charm and utter coolness. The main reason I love this show so much is because of this unlikely duo of Harvey and Mike. They have a budding friendship going on and also a sort of mentor relationship. I highly recommend watching this show, it is definitely worth your time and money.
i have enjoyed it very much and I am looking forward to more seasons of Arrow, please continue adding more scene of this series I can't wait to buy them.
The show was a bit of a slow starter for me but once it got going I found the shows to be interesting and I am looking forward to next season
Check out the display case the week of September 16-20th for constitution week.  Stop by the LRC and add your signature to the constitution.
I love they way she reels them in and lowers the hammer! That, mixed with a love for chocolate and a southern acdent.
My 2 year old has watched this show since he was 1. He loves it so much that he sleeps with his Millie, Geo and Bot dolls and loves to play with the vehicles and figures. He counts to 15 like a champ and we are always working on more. He knows his shapes too! We work with him too but a lot comes from the show. It's amazing!
Show is great, our kiddo loves it - and it deserves 5 stars. What sucks is that both Seasons 1 & 2 used to be free with Prime, but once Amazon secured all the Nick Jr shows that used to be on Netflix, they now moved Season 2 to a purchase rather than free stream. Also, Season 1 shows to be a Prime option on my computer, but on my PS3s and on Roku, it only shows up as a purchase option. what's up with that?
I really liked watching Season 4 of Justified. I watched it in a marathon over the weekend. The only thing missing in Season 4 is Natalie Zea being in it full-time. She should be on it full-time. Her character and Rayland are a great mix. Love, passion, excitement and she tells him how it is. She does not hold back! She keeps him in line and understands him even though she doesn't like him being in harm's way. Bring her back full-time!
I love this purchase. There is no way to go wrong watching the Robertson family in Duck Dynasty. It's funny, enlightening and insprirational. The best show on TV.
Great way to fill that gap before the new episodes come out, I highly recommend this to those who love the Doctor.
I'll start off with we hated all the swearing...but absolutely loved the premise of the show.  We really hope this gets picked up as a series so we can find out about the time loss, the same birthday, and whatever happened to the world.
ALL EPISODES WERE GREAT. WAITING ON THE NEXT SEASON.
British crime dramas are so different than US crime dramas.  Most times there is much less guts and mayhem.  It is more of a mystery and the inspectors and just not like the US ones.  Watch this series and you will see what I mean.  It is great.
I like Chiklis for his rough cop roll...Action and story lines always grab you...I would not rec. for the younger set !!
Show starts off great , fast moving with plenty of action. I like the acting a lot almost seems like your watching season 5 because they all seem to be working(acting) so well with each other. Plot is good still a lot of history with each character to be revealed. Love the gritty angle, kinda Like the shield but with Morals. I like the violence, action, and emotion myself. you are involed in the cases with the characters instead of watching them figure out from a detached view. I will take this over CSI any day of the week, I do Like CSI LA but the others are more like law n order spin offs to me. this is original and with a new take. The approach to each case does not consume 35 of the 45 min show and that to me is a huge plus! a crime series I am looking forward too. It's Just "GREAT"
I honestly like the show but I cant see it being around another season it honestly is a little too stupid to watch.
Finally... fans are being treated to Oliver Queen assuming the persona of Green Arrow as opposed to "the vigilante", where he spends less time contemplating the meaning of life and more mopping up the streets of Starling City with thugs, villains and riff-raff.Green Arrow's Support Team:  Diggle remains an awesome candidate for the ideal confidante and best friend while Felicity should probably be nominated for "sweetest character on television" award.  Thea, Roy and Laurel (looking increasingly skeletal as the season progresses) on the other hand, still give the show bit of a Melrose Place atmosphere but fortunately this is offset by more screen-time for my favorite cop on any series (i.e. recently demoted Detective Lance).  A disappointingly pointless introduction of Summer Glau's hard-edged business mogul gives way to the introduction of a truly menacing, master-villain as well as a new and ridiculously cute Starling City hero; speaking of which, the Barry Allen sub-arc adds the feeling of an expanding DC universe causing a comic nerd such as myself to fantasize on what new directions the show may eventually take.Season 2 showcases some EXCELLENT stand-alone episodes, lots of twists and turns including tons of back-story and even a very surprising, budding romance.  Holy cats does this series ever know how to build suspense.... it has single-handedly brought back cliffhanger endings to television which make one almost insane with anticipation for the following week. :o)
Abby is obviously a nice person..but plays up being the tough cookie.  To a degree she probably is.  I think the time I was the most disgusted with her was when she called one of the children &#34;Blondie&#34; and several other names other than her name.  It hard to believe she doesn't even seem to consider that these are children.  Toughening them up for the world is one thing..but something is very wrong about the way she goes about it.  The way the children continue to want to be with her in the studio, no matter what, makes me wonder how much of her behavior is for the camera.  Anyone who loves a dog like she did Broadway Baby, certainly cannot be all that terrible.
My boys love Diego. This was a fun season with some Holiday Episodes included. Perfect timing with Halloween and Christmas just around the corner.
I love this tv series. :D It's great especially when your prego and on bed rest. Helped pass the time.
The acting and writing is GREAT!  I wish the network would renew for a 4th season.  It's about time for an INTERESTING show on TV!
It's a good episode. I didn't have any problem with the ending. However, I do find it disappointing when networks will command what should be aired and what shouldn't. Especially when networks choose to air worse shows then the good shows that want to be on. Stupider still, why bother cutting off other shows when you can just add shows to the network. I mean, how did we get more channels in the first place? We expanded. So, I don't see the problem. The only problem I see is that no one is really doing anything to expand and allow new things.With shows getting less and less imaginative, I think preventing Heroes from continuing was a horrible choice. Whilst people may like a lot of the new series airing today, it's sad that better series' will not get to air because people won't let them.I loved this series, very creative, very realistic. I wish the creators had been allowed to go on, as I know people did.Maybe in the years to come, hopefully, something can change and allow more series' to air then already are. Putting a restriction on the imagination is a bad thing, not a good thing. If all your interest is money, then look around, good series' make money. Preventing them is to prevent the good things to come off of those things your preventing.Anyways, I know this is off topic. Sorry about that.I hope, in the future, this problem can go away.I loved this series. I loved how the heroes managed to work in order to prevent and do things in a way that kept us interested. The Samuel element was a nice touch; showing the art of manipulation. Also, getting to know Noah Bennett was a nice touch as we gradually got to know him as the series went along; he was always the man of mystery. Everything went well. However, I'll admit, Clair's final act, in this series, was an interesting element. She decided to override her father's judgement in order to try to show the world that there were people that were different than them, possessing special abilities. This, when you look at it, can make you look back to the time when the government had soldiers tracking down the "Specials," as I'll call them. It makes you think hard on Clair's judgement.That's probably the hard part about writing a story, you have to analyze and analyze in order to think of the best thing to fit what should be, in a good story. This element, that I just listed (Clair's decision), fit Clair pretty well as she's been one to go outside what people wanted of her for a while. She's not usually the one to completely follow orders. So, this made her decision able to fit the circumstances. Really, I can't read Clair, the best, but I think the final scene went well.Anyway, the series was great. I know people have been getting on the things surrounding Sylar, but honestly, I think all the things that happened to him in this season really went well. It all fit very well, and I actually enjoyed seeing the new Sylar. The reactions of people around him, and him, went well.So, great series.
Love Ed Oneil he totally shines in this sitcom. Crazy show that truly depicts how wrong things can go in modern life. Everyone in the show is funny they do an amazing job making you laugh.
A man phones a lawyer and asks, "How much would you charge for just answering three simple questions?"The lawyer replies, "A thousand dollars.""A thousand dollars!" exclaims the man. "That's very expensive isn't it?""It certainly is," says the lawyer. "Now, what's your third question?"Or this one...Q: What do you have if three lawyers are buried up to their necks in cement?A: Not enough cement.The USA network keeps on not effing up. Far as I'm concerned, SUITS is the newest addictive show on television, and that's me not normally drawn to legal dramas. It's witty and funny and smart and loaded with that patented easy-breezy sense of fun that the USA network nowadays specializes in. The premise is irresistible, the cast is irrepressible. The two leads, Gabriel Macht and Patrick J. Adams, are so very good. I can't not rave.SUITS chronicles the exploits of the prestigious New York corporate law firm Pearson Hardman. More pointedly, the catchy premise revolves around sleek newly-made senior partner Harvey Specter (Macht) who dips into shady shenanigans when he takes under his wing a college dropout who was running away from the law when he happened to stumble across Harvey's office just when Harvey was in the middle of interviewing first year associates. Turns out, there's more to Mike Ross (Adams) than just being a slacker and a weed merchant. Mike boasts an eidetic memory. He reads something, he understands it. Once he understands it, he never forgets it. It's a neat party trick. It intrigues Harvey enough, impresses him enough, that he decides to gamble on Mike. And since Pearson Hardman only ever hires from a pool of Harvard law graduates, then begins the big fib of Mike Ross, Harvey's new associate and recent Harvard alumni.Mike Ross is a resourceful, idealistic cat (that whole weed thing was a one-time mistake). He makes for a terrific point-of-view character. As he navigates his way around his new environment, as he learns, we learn. Will Mike sink or swim in these shark-infested waters? That's part of the fun. In just about each episode, Mike is thrown a curve, is put in a situation in which he could get exposed. Sometimes, his quick thinking and his immaculate sense of recall get him out of predicament. Sometimes, Harvey, cool as the other side of the pillow, steps in. How long can these two keep up the charade? The show dares you to step away.Macht, gleam all wicked in his eye and so much hair gel the headrest of his Barcalounger is afraid, embodies Harvey Specter with supreme swagger, cocky and ruthless and unruffled. Once in a blue moon he exhibits his (begrudgingly) compassionate side. Harvey is touted as the firm's go-to closer, its most heralded gunslinger. In his competitive field, it's no surprise that his colleagues are resentful. And maybe none more envious than the always scheming junior partner Louis Litt (that fabulous gopher Rick Hoffman). Hoffman is great as the perennial burr in the saddle. He quickly makes Mike's time in the firm a partly sucky one. Mike becomes the human rope in Harvey and Louis' ongoing game of tug-of-war.Q: What do you throw to a drowning lawyer?A: His partners.Let me fragment sentence you: Predatory boardroom sharks, cooly preening and posturing and bedeviling clients with silver tongues, and yet graced with just enough of that bump of conscience to humanize them. I found myself suckered into that simmer between Mike and sexy, five-year paralegal Rachel (Meghan Markle). I relish the hell out of Sarah Rafferty who plays Harvey's sassy secretary Donna, and we note Donna's understated pining for her boss. In fact, the interactions among the cast members are absorbing all around. Gina Torres as the firm's steely managing (and founding) partner is the icing on the cake. The cases handled by Harvey and Mike are watchable enough, and the legalese thrown at us is made decipherable enough. For those trying to become better people, morals and ethics are explored intelligently. Each time I side with Mike's naive nice guy perspective, Harvey extends a counter-argument which sheds a new light on the matter. My favorite moments are those in which Harvey sarcastically mentors Mike (with Mike frequently giving as good as he gets) and those moments in which Mike scrambles to maintain his Harvard cover. And I don't mind at all any scene in which the weasely Louis Litt gets what's coming to him. And let me reiterate: SUITS is FUNNY. I'm already 5 episodes deep into Season 2, and, if anything, I've gotten even more hooked. In Season 2, the stakes have shot up even more. As for Season One, get it. Get it now.The SUITS DVD set contains all twelve episodes of Season One and comes in three discs and with the following bonus stuff:- Pilot Extended Version- Audio Commentaries on 2 episodes: the pilot episode and the season finale "Dogfight" (both eps with exec. producer David Bartis, creator/co-exec. producer Aaron Korsh, Gabriel Macht and Patrick J. Adams)- Deleted Scenes for 7 episodes- Gag Reel (00:04:13 minutes)- "Cross Examination": Gabriel Macht, Meghan Markle, Patrick J. Adams, Rick Hoffman, Aaron Korsh and David Bartis sit down to a Q & A session (00:10:29 minutes)Okay, last one:Q: What do you get when you cross a bad politician with a crooked lawyer?A: Chelsea Clinton.
--------------------------------------"Troll Hunter"--------------------------------------This Norwegian film is a fun combination of horror film and faux-documentary, exploring a world where trolls are real and are (secretly) managed by the Norwegian government as a nature conservation issue, much like flooding, wild wolves or avalanches.  The troll issue is kept from the public though, and it is only by chance that a young student film crew stumbles on the one man who is charged with keeping trolls on the reservation. The troll hunter named Hans is played by actor Otto Jespersen, with a cool, calm reserve that helps hold viewers attention.  Hans seems to have an agenda, but it's never quite clear what it is.  After combating (and occasionally massacring) the trolls, he breaks the government's silence, and lets the hapless college kids follow him and film what happens.The filmmakers balance elements of comedy and horror, and skillfully underplay their hand - they know audiences have already seen similar films (Blair Witch Project, Cloverfield, etc.) so they don't rely to much on the "documentary" gag. Similarly, they judiciously withhold the special effects so that they don't get old. They also don't make them too groovy -- the trolls look both amazingly and comedically weird, just weird enough that you think, "they look just like illustrations from an old fairy tale - what if "real" trolls really looked like cartoon figures?"  They also inject just enough tragedy and tension tht the film doesn't feel like a joke.  If the premise sounds good, you'll probably enjoy the movie and it's slowly-unfolding narrative and inconclusive ending. Also, the filmmakers seem to have positioned themselves for both a prequel and sequels... I wouldn't be surprised to see a comic book come out of this as well.  (Joe Sixpack, Slipcue film reviews)
Clever intertwining with the real Black Dahlia case.  Again a really good series I would like to see more of.
Simon Baker really gets into Patrick Jane's being. He's perfectly suited for this character and Robin, Tim, Amanda and Owain, complement Jane so well, it's symbiotic. Great actors, ALL OF THEM!
This show is built around the idea of being able to detect when a person is lying by the presence or absence of facial and body cues.  The Lightman Group, comprised of Dr. Lightman and a talented group of associates are  engaged by various individuals and groups to determine if a lie is being told, and who is lying.  This job is not as cut and dry and it sounds.  The group uncovers much during their investigation.  Meanwhile, we are given glimpses into the lives of each of the main characters, each of whom is lying about or hiding something.  Really good show.
Brilliant setting for a sitcom.  I don't know why we haven't seen it before.  The cast and script are really excellent as well.  I was cracking up throughout and even though it was only 22 minutes I felt like I knew the characters as well as I would in a sitcom I've been watching for several seasons.  It's lived in and the chemistry is great.
I do so love a good Apocalypse.  No, it isn&#8217;t only the visuals.  No, it isn&#8217;t only the inevitable fall of man.  What makes an Apocalypse worth viewing &#8211; so far as I&#8217;m concerned &#8211; is the central focus on good, believable human characters.  Whether the end of mankind is caused by a nuclear war or some planet-smashing asteroid or even some biologic concoction the story still has to be populated with people an audience can care about.  That&#8217;s something so many creative folks tend to leave out as they grow more and more distracted in trying to amp up their visuals &#8230; when all you need is a John and a Sally and a little kid or a wayward stray dog to give the story its emotional foundation.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the type of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)From the product packaging: &#8220;Marc has been trapped inside his Barcelona office for three months.  Outside, the world has plunged into chaos following the outbreak of a fatal type agoraphobia known as The Panic, which kills anyone who ventures outdoors.  Desperate to tunnel out in order to try to find his girlfriend, Marc makes a tense alliance with Enrique, a coworker who has a rare, functioning GPS.  Equipped with only minimal supplies and a desperate need to escape, the two embark on a journey through the lawless, hostile subway tunnels and sewers in search of their loved ones.&#8221;Though some might disagree, what works best about THE LAST DAYS is the balance on human characters at its heart.  Marc (as played by Quim Gutierrez) isn&#8217;t anything special; he&#8217;s just an average man &#8211; one who appears to be destined to be fired for his inability to get his company&#8217;s latest firewall to properly work.  The last time he saw his lovely girlfriend Julia (Marta Etura), he snapped at her because of the stress he&#8217;s feeling.  He could be the guy riding next to you on the bus or the train, or he could be the guy sitting in the cubicle right around the corner from you.Similarly, Enrique (Jose Coronado) is the run-on-the-mill Human Resources representative.  He&#8217;s smartly dressed.  He&#8217;s the consummate professional.  However, he does have a reputation &#8211; one definitely earned &#8211; of being a bit heartless as one of his central tasks is to fire employees who are underperforming.  No one wants to be called into his office.  No one wants to share a meal at his table.  His is a dark, foreboding presence &#8211; one that spells corporate doom &#8211; putting him in the position to be avoided like the plague.What happens when a real plague hits the planet?Marc and Enrique quickly become the unlikeliest allies, thrown together out of the dire condition of their circumstances.  While their professional relationship was built on the premise of slightly misinforming one another, their personal &#8216;working friendship&#8217; starts out much the same.  Once they discover how far the world outside has slipped into lawless chaos, they&#8217;re forced to set aside those differences &#8211; however unpleasant that may be to them personally &#8211; in order to work together at accomplishing what steps must be taken to reunite them with their respective families.The writing/director team of Alex and David Pastor have crafted an impressive film exploring what could be the most unlikely end of days to have come along since 2011&#8217;s equally sublime PERFECT SENSE &#8230; except this one doesn&#8217;t end up as dire as that.  Hoisted onto the shoulders of its everyman characters, THE LAST DAYS never loses sight of the human faces stuck into every frame: they&#8217;re all a bit stressed, and they&#8217;re all necessarily grayed from the dirt and dust of their everyday lives, but their eyes are always focused, concerned, and full of life itself.  Also, their script effectively toys with how contemporary medicine seems to have lost the ability to succinctly define what&#8217;s ailing civilization (the curiously named &#8216;The Panic&#8217; is never given an origin, nor is one necessarily needed for the purposes of the tale) much less offer up anything by way of a cure.  Instead, the sufferers are left to realize that science can&#8217;t even begin to understand why present-day man medically rejects his environment.  All that matters is that he does &#8230; and, now, mankind will have to figure out how to live with itself once again.THE LAST DAYS (2013) is produced by Morena Films, Antena 3 Films, Rebelion Terrestre, and a host of other partners (you can see a complete list at IMDB.com if you&#8217;re interested).  DVD distribution is being handled by MPI Media Group under the IFC Midnight label.  For those needing it spelled out perfectly, this is a Spanish-spoken-language film with English subtitles available.  (There is no English-dubbed track.)  As for the technical specifications?  This is one smartly shot film with the highest quality sights and sounds accompanying.  Lastly, if you&#8217;re looking for special features, then get ready for the shock: there aren&#8217;t any, save for the theatrical trailer.  A big disappointment.HIGHEST RECOMMENDATION POSSIBLE.  If you like Apocalypse-themed films even half-as-much as I do, then you&#8217;ll probably find yourself pretty darn excited over what goes down in THE LAST DAYS.  Granted, not all questions are answered &#8211; sometimes, half the fun to appreciating the end times is trying to figure out precisely what went wrong &#8211; but that&#8217;s a small quip to overlook when you&#8217;re treated up to stories this intelligently conceived and visually inspired.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group provided me with a DVD copy of THE LAST DAYS by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review; and their contribution to me in no way, shape, or form influenced my opinion of it.
For a Free Prime I couldn't believe how good this movie was.  Lots of suspense all the way through.  Good actors and acting.  A+
I choose this rating because this is one of my favorite shows. I have been a fan since Season 1. I would recommend this show to anyone who likes action, adventure, and a good mystery every now and then. The plot line is really good and the cast is awesome. I have Seasons 1 & 2 of Person of Interest on DVD and am definitely hooked.
Great show, but not one you can pick up in the middle. You'll want to watch it from episode one.
SaB is a favorite series at our house, even though we're outside of the target demographic (15 - 22ish).  I love learning about deaf culture and even a bit of ASL as the story progresses!
I've seen every episode of Archer at least twice.  I love the hilarious banter and the action packed plot lines.  Season five is a big change from the previous seasons, but it's proving to be increasingly alluring with each new episode.  I suspect that the creators of the show got a little bored with ISIS missions and I'm really glad they were inspired to go in a new direction.No spoilers, just a five star recommendation from me for a witty animated adult comedy action TV series; and like all good television it's even better when streamed uninterrupted from the internet.I don't know why people are so upset about the short little FX adds in the first couple of episodes, you don't have to watch the adds if you don't want to.Edited: Season 5, not season 3.
The Shield is one show with great stories, very good acting. This show is for adults.I recommend this show. The Shield contains violence and sex.
This is what &#34;The Big Bang Theory&#34; SHOULD have been: smart, reality-based in the IT world and with just the right amount of grossness. VERY appealing lead characters, the four leads - anchored by a charismatic Ed Begley Jr. as the Steve Job-sy venture capitalist. And a unique role for an Asian woman (too soon to tell if she's a regular), who's both sexy, smart, nerdy and definitely non-stereotype. I want to see more episodes. (Note: Apologies for not knowing anyone's names beyond Ed Begley, who I've watched for years, but they are all spot-on.)
I love Theresa' s enthusiasm and honesty with a dynamic love for people. I wish I had patience waiting for the new episode. I watch them all through Amazon. It would be great if they threw in 1 free one:) love your family too.  I'm still waiting for Theresa to come to Eureka California. Meg
I was eager to see Martin Clunes in something else.  His looks and demeanor seemed singular.  One of the things I liked best about Doc Martin was the village and villagers in contemporary England...a kind of Northern Exposure of the UK experience.In Reggie Perrin, the writing is whip smart, not to mention Clunes delivers his asides and torments in excellent comic style.  Very enjoyable exploration of yet another wacky Office/Company/Ship of Fools.
I watched it once and my friend borrowed it and he liked it also. It really tell a story great
only one season made but it was a good story line and i enjoyed it.  The last episode ended well.... no cliff hanger.
Than watching things being made at a HUGE level. The unknown of what may be inside of the factories blasting out hundreds of thousands of everyones favorite treats! Thanks Food Network, and Mark...good stuff, how about more seasons?
Flashpoint is a terrific show, a Canadian-produced updated version of the mediocre 1970's cop show "Swat."  The difference between the shows is that Flashpoint is not just another shoot-em-up, it is a show in which you care about the characters: the victims who must be rescued by this elite police unit and the police officers themselves.Each show begins the same way.  We start at a point, the flashpoint, wherein the unit must take immediate action and then jump backward several hours to see what led up to this situation.  The show is well-produced, well-written and well-cast.  The lead actor is a Canadian actor and musician, Hugh Dillon, who plays Ed Lane, the family-man who seems to be the sniper of the team.  The female lead is Amy Jo Johnson, the original Pink Ranger from the Power Rangers and the head of the team is terrifically played by Enrico Colantoni, the actor who previously played Veronica Mars' father.  The technology shown in this show is terrific.  I don't know whether most of it is real or not but if it is real, I don't know how criminals stand a chance.There is not a bad episode in the bunch.  The set includes a couple of short films about the creation and production of the show.I cannot wait for CBS to bring this terrific show back again, I heard today it might be first returning in the summer.  Whenever it returns I'm sure the new episodes will be just as good as the episodes in this set.If you have not seen any episodes of Flashpoint, grab this set.  You will not be sorry.
(The following review may have potential spoilers, although most descriptions are as brief as possible.)V/H/S 2 is a found-footage horror anthology. "Tape 49" is the frame story which follows two private investigators searching for a missing college student. When they arrive at the house, they find and view several VHS tapes hoping to track the young student. Instead, they find the following short movies:"Clinical Trials Phase 1" follows a man who has received a new eye after a car accident - an eye with a built-in camera. When he gets home, he begins to hallucinate - things are misplaced, odd figures are seen, etc. This story works superbly as a jump-scare ghost story. It uses great suspense and the claustrophobic tunnel-vision to create effectively unexpected and consistent jump-scares. Some of the visuals are also eerie, and very creative. The acting of the lead was a bit off at times as his dialogue delivery felt unnatural - he didn't seem frightened."A Ride In The Park" follows a man as he takes a quick spin on his bike through the park. He eventually runs into an injured, vomiting woman and can see several people approaching from afar. The woman bites him, and, as he escapes, he becomes a zombie. The shooting style is great, and the unique zombie perspective also works well - it is a very creative story. This story is intense and violent, and even a bit humorous. Everything blends together well to create a highly entertaining tale. The special effects and makeup are great, and so is the acting."Safe Haven" follows a documentary crew investigating an Indonesian cult. The leader, referred to as "Father", is presumably involved in illegal acts, such as underage sex as he "purifies" children. During the interview, all hell breaks loose as the time of reckoning approaches. This story is fantastic. It starts as a creepy documentary working solely off its dialogue and performances. Then, everything spirals out of control as mass suicide and murder occurs, along with an abduction of sorts. Then, it spirals further into hell as a demon is born and the dead return back to life. This story uses disturbing visuals, jump-scares, and insane amounts of gore. I really loved the story in this film, especially the constant buildup and change in the story; it was completely unexpected. The acting is great, the special effects and makeup are impressive, and the direction is superb."Slumber Party Alien Abduction" follows three young siblings and their respective friends, along with their dog, during a slumber party. After a day of pranking (and effective foreshadowing), a bright flash occurs at night and odd figures surround the home. They are subsequently attacked by aliens, and are chased through the forest, with a surprise waiting at every corner. This is another unique found-footage story, mostly shot creatively from a dog's back. It uses its lighting, tension, and jump-scares effectively. (The lighting may be hazardous for those with sensitive eyes since it often flashes rapidly and consistently.) I don't like animal violence, fake or real, and this ends sadly. (I won't spoil it, but dog-lovers might cringe.) It was entertaining, and well-made, nonetheless. And, finally, Tape 49 ends with a very creepy and intense scene, and with a lot of blood. (and incredible special effects.)Overall, V/H/S/2 is an immensely entertaining, creative, unique, and terrifying anthology; I thoroughly enjoyed every story in this ferociously paced film. I'm a sucker for horror anthologies like Trick R' Treat, Tales From The Hood, and V/H/S, and this film ranks with the best of them. Whether your a fan of ghost stories or gore stories, V/H/S/2 has something for everyone, and it effectively compliments the first film. Thanks to its versatility, this is one series that I wouldn't mind seeing more installments of.V/H/S/2 has very strong violence and gore, sex and nudity.
Justified never let's you down, the action and suspense just keeps on coming. My wife and I watched seasons 1-4 in about 2 weeks, they were that good. Now it's like nothing on TV to watch until season 5 comes out. Can't wait.
Good show and we hope they continue with many more seasons-we thought it was going to end after this one but we plan to order the next season we just enjoyed watching.
Still love Modern Family! I think it's just one of those magic shows that just works all the way around. Great writing, perfect casting and consistently hilarious.
EXCELLENT show....one of my very favorite TV shows! The style and character of the main actor makes for really entertaining show.
Although this film has no mentally ill characters, it reminds me of Peter Falk's greatest performance in "A Woman Under The Influence." The audience is deprived of the tools to make a fair judgement of this man until the last half of the film.  This is a great use of non linear story telling because the emotions truly are experienced in isolated segments.  Every adult should see it.
While the show can be a bit slapstck at times.  Who could not love the all star casts!  I great break from the &#34;ususal&#34; sitcoms out there.
This is a great story told about a flawed man who is just trying to do what's right (most of the time).
As the series progresses, this show gets increasingly better.  I know I'm writing this synopsis &#34;late in the game&#34;, so to speak, but the show is not the same without Steve Carell.
This is a great movie to watch. Sit on the couch, grab a blanket and cuddle with the with as you sip on glasses of bourbon and watch Morgan Freeman tell stories. He has such a wonderful voice to listen too.
I recommend all of his programs. Alton Brown does an excellent job of teaching, preparing food and entertaining! I think of him as the &#34;Bill Nye the science guy&#34; of cooking. He lures me in with humor and the next thing I know I've learned something new!
Loved this. Definitely worth watching this cross between Avenue Q and the office. Songs were punchy and sharp where they should be. Looking forward to a 2nd episode. Can't wait to see what happens with the characters as they continue through their internships.
The fun continues.  Matt Smith's episodes are a bit darker, not as campy and humorous as previous seasons, but still a lot of fun to watch.
Again, this is my type of show.  I have only three shows to go and will miss my daily fix of &#34;Life&#34;.  I hope other viewers enjoy it as much as I have.
i wish they allowed them to stay on longer.  I think this version got rushed along but I'm sure if they had more time for another season they would have developed everything wonderfully.  It is always entertaining and a show that should not have stopped so suddenly especially since they had good ratings for both of the last seasons and would have had even more success had they not been rushed to end with the last season before it really got started.
I have loved this show from season one. Not so much the original English version (which I bought), but from series one with E. Wood. I think this show is hilarious but also sentimental and has family values. This is by far a very cheeky, weird type of show that is geared toward people who like this sort of funny, bizarre, animal loving sense of humor. Enjoy! I am sure you will get a lot of good laughs :)
Season 1,2 and now 3 are great. The stars in this show are really experienced actors. This show is unique, in it's ability to show sacrifice and heroism that come naturally to Reese, Harold, and Carter.
I am sooooo sorry I didn't watch this show before now.  The cast is wonderful, the characters are hysterical.  You really do have to listen to the outrageous stuff that Coach Sue (Jane Lynch) says.  She does a great job of making you &#34;hate&#34; her.  Love it, Love it, Love it
While this series is somewhat predictable in its good-guy/bad-guy sub-plot, the novel concept of exploring &#34;troubled&#34; people (AKA those manifesting &#34;odd&#34; powers and talents) makes the series compelling.  Agent Parker (our main protagonist) is somewhat barbie-doll like and lacks some of the sophistication expressed through characters in series like FRINGE or WAREHOUSE 13, but she serves as a great backdrop for the story and is surrounded by some excellenty developed main characters.  Fun, not too serious, engaging.
Warning! The following contains spoilers. If you haven't seen Season Three and want to remain spoiler free, do not read this review.Season Three of BATTLESTAR GALACTICA was the most debated and controversial yet. Much of the controversy stemmed from the number of hot button political topics it addressed. What other show would take several major characters we know and love and have them execute another character we had known from the beginning of the series for collaborating with the enemy, demonstrating in the process the extreme danger to justice inherent in independent military tribunals (disturbingly similar to the ones that the Bush administration has advocated)? What other show takes up the logic and ethics of suicide bombing by having "us" attack "them" by the death of another semi-recurring character in an effort to kill recruits for the local police force? Many of the episodes outraged those on the political right, as the parallels with the situation in Iraq was, despite efforts to minimize the resemblance by references by creator Ron Moore in interviews to Vichy France, became increasingly blatant. To his credit Moore, a member of the left but a self-admitted Rush Limbaugh listener, has not had the show lean too heavily to the left for most of the show's run, but in the season's first several episodes that balance fell away. And in the most controversial episode of the season (debated on Internet boards more passionately than I can ever remember any episode of any show) the question of whether genocide against a murderous enemy is justified, pitting several of the major characters on the show against each other.On the other hand, Season Three had several surprisingly uninspired episodes. All of these were of the "stand alone" variety. All of the "mythology" episodes (to use the X-FILES terminology that Ron Moore himself often uses) were outstanding. In posts on boards, podcasts, and interviews Moore has said that most of these episodes are produced by the insistence of the network. The thinking is that having nothing but arc episodes intimidates potential viewers. But the brute fact is that at this point in the series it is a sheer impossibility for anyone to start watching at this point. This is the beauty of DVDs. Anyone who wants to watch BATTLESTAR GALACTICA can by buying the DVDs, borrowing them from a friend, downloading them from iTunes, or renting them from Netflix or their local DVD rental store. Bizarrely the networks don't seem to have comprehended the ways that viewing patterns have changed.Season Three is structured around the Cylon occupation of New Caprica and the ongoing effects of that occupation following the rescue of the humans by Galactica. Many of the characters on the show never quite get over their experiences there, in particular Tigh and Kara. Interpersonal conflicts that were created on New Caprica, especially between Kara and Lee, take much of the season resolve, and the whole New Caprica experience doesn't really come to an end until the close of the trial of Baltar in the season finale. In one way or another the experiences there color almost everything that happens during the season.Instead of summing up individual episodes or talking about the major story arcs, I would like to highlight my ten favorite moments of the entire season.1. The Adama Maneuver: During the rescue on New Caprica Adama gets crucial Vipers into the fray by jumping into the upper atmosphere of the planet. Since Galactica cannot fly in an atmosphere, they launch the Vipers as the ship plunges in a fiery ball towards the surface, jumping again just a couple of hundred feet before smashing into the earth. It is - and I say this with little fear of contradiction - the most extraordinary special effect in the history of TV. No one who has seen it has been able to forget it. It is inconceivable that the show won't win the Emmy this year for Best Special Effects (but then, it is impossible to see how they lost to LOST and its black smoke effect last year) and when it does, this is the special effect sequence they will show at the awards.2. Leoben has imprisoned Kara in a living situation that parodies that of a married couple. As they dine Leoben stands beside her and tells her how beautiful she looks. She smiles and rams a pair of skewers through his neck, kicks him back and falls on his chest stabbing him repeatedly. She returns to the dining table, takes a bite, then daintily dabs at her mouth with a napkin, oblivious to the blood that covers one of her hands.3. The death of Jammer: In "Collaborators" several characters we've known and loved kill Jammer for being a collaborator during the Cylon occupation of New Caprica. We've known Jammer since Season One when he, Cally, and Socino tried to make a still. But that doesn't prevent him from being shot out an airlock. Nearly as good was the near execution of Gaeta later in the same episode.4. Five great Sharon moments. This is a total cheat, but here are five great moments involving Sharon in Season Five. 1) The last time we saw Sharon in Season Two she was deeply distrusted from not having told Galactica about Cavil being a Cylon. She had told Helo that she wanted nothing to do with him or anyone on Galactica. Our first shot of her in Season Three, her cell door is open and we see it filled with comfortable furniture: a desk with books, an end table and coffee table, wall hangings and curtains, a comfy chair, and a large and extremely comfortable leather couch. Adama is sitting beside her drinking tea and he tells her that he feels all alone, except for her. Clearly in the previous year, somehow Sharon had become just about Adama's closest friend. 2) Because of the new trust Adama has in Sharon, she becomes an officer in the colonial fleet. Through the rest of the season she repeatedly tells others - whether human or Cylon - that she has given the fleet her word and she intends to keep it. Though some doubt her, Adama's faith in her is repaid repeatedly in the season. 3) Sharon enters the Cylon Detention Center on New Caprica to recover the launch keys that are crucial if the humans are to escape from New Caprica. She gets interrupted by D'Anna Biers, who tries to tempt her into coming back to the Cylons with the news that Hera is still alive. Sharon responds by putting a bullet into both her D'Anna's knees. She walks away, saying "Adama wouldn't lie to me" (and it turns out he didn't, since he didn't know that Laura stole Hera and faked her death). 4) Sharon and Boomer come face to face. One of the season highlights had to be the show's two major Number Eight's meeting. The irony is intense, since at the beginning of the series Sharon was completely on the side of the Cylons and Boomer was with the fleet, unaware that she was a Cylon sleeper agent. Now, however, Boomer like D'Anna before her tries to convince Sharon that she doesn't belong with the humans. Her reply is to the point: "I made my decision and I know where my loyalties lie." 5) Boomer does, however, tell Sharon that her daughter is still alive and is on the nearby Cylon basestar. After Adama confirms with Roslin that Boomer's story is true, Sharon rescues Hera by talking her husband Helo into killing her so that she will resurrect on the Cylon resurrection ship. Only seconds after reaching Hera she plots her return to Galactica. The irony is that only a few minutes earlier Roslin was dressing down both Helo and Adama for their faith in Sharon. Knowing that Sharon is downloading into a new body she tells them, "And now all of our lives are in the hands of Sharon Agathon. All we can do is hope that your wife is worthy of the unconditional trust you place in her, Captain. And you as well, Admiral." What is wonderful is that Laura states all this as if it is in doubt. But less than an hour later Sharon is back on Galatica with Hera. Oh, and Sharon is given her own handle: Athena, a nod to the original series in which Athena was Adama's daughter. And in this one Sharon has become one of his surrogate daughters.5. "Exodus, Pt. 2": I said I wouldn't summarize any episodes and I will resist doing that here. But this episode, which contained "The Adama Maneuver" I mentioned above, is easily one of the two or three most unforgettable episodes in all of BSG. At the end of 2006 the well-known Internet TV website The Futon Critic issued its annual list of the Top Fifty episodes of the year. With total justification they named "Exodus, Pt. 2" the number one episode of 2006, not just of BSG but of all television shows combined. It was that good. Four beats made it stand out. First, Saul Tigh's killing of his wife Ellen for collaborating with the Cylons, second the Adam Maneuver, third, the rescue of Galactica by Pegasus and its destruction, and fourth, Kara learning that Leoben had lied to her by telling her that Kacey was her daughter.6. The fight between Kara and Lee in "Unfinished Business." In the Season Two finale we learned that somehow Lee and Kara had fallen out with each other so completely that they were barely able to talk to one another. In this episode we get that back story. Adama has called for a series of boxing matches to air out grievances that crew members feel towards one another. We see Lee and Kara's story intercut with their pounding on each other in the boxing ring, learning of the night of passion that they spent with each other and their declaring their love for one another, and of Kara's sneaking off and marrying Anders the next morning. As Kara and Lee (who she is able to fight evenly partly because Helo beat up on him in an earlier fight and partly because Kara resorts to dirty fighting) collapse into each other's arms, their faces bloody messes, she tells him, "I missed you." His mouth filled with blood, he is barely able to say, "I missed you too." Her face buried in his shoulder, you can see her smile broadly as the episode ends. One of the best episodes in the show's run.7. In a stunning scene on a Cylon basestar, D'Anna Biers tortures Baltar while he manages to project to a beach where Six makes love to him to get him through the ordeal. As he tells Six "I love you" D'Anna hears the words as addressed to her and although torturing him feels deeply moved. It is a sequence that has to be seen to be believed.8. Adama and Laura's intimacy. Through Season Three Adama and Laura grow closer and closer, as intimate as two people can be while remaining completely Platonic. They still have conflicts. When Laura tries to justify stealing Hera and faking her death Adama walks away without even listening to her. And in the finale Roslin feels betrayed by his vote of Not Guilty in Baltar's trial. But you get the sense that they have moved to a new level. That they have an intimacy that can't be affected by mere disagreement. The highpoint of their intimacy might be their smoking dope on New Caprica and cuddling while gazing up at the stars. It is so wonderful to see two people who have shouldered so much in order to save the remnants of humanity to get a few minutes of peace/9. Lee Adama's moment on the stand. During Baltar's trial Romo Lampkin (magnificently portrayed by Mark Shepard) calls Lee onto the witness stand even though he is serving as co-counsel. Jamie Bamber's performance is one of the season highlights and perhaps the best moment in a season finale stuffed to overflowing with truly great moments.10. The last ten minutes of the season: In the final few minutes of the season we learn the identify of four of the Final Five: Tigh, Tyrol, Samuel T. Anders, and Tory (the four T's--giving additional credence to the thought of some that Kara "Starbuck" Thrace is the fifth member) by their response to a song that they keep hearing in their heads, which turns out, almost impossibly, to be Bob Dylan's "All Along the Watchtower" (leading some to refer to them as the Dylons). Then the Cylons attack. The four new Cylons ponder what to do before Tigh magnificently tells the other three: "The ship is under attack, we do our jobs. . . . My name is Saul Tigh. I am an officer in the Colonial Fleet. Whatever else I am, whatever else it means, that's the man I want to be. And if I die today, that's the man I'll be. But those lines are rivaled by the last of the season, as Lee pursues "a bogie at my ten" in his Viper and discovers none other than Kara Thrace, who had died spectacularly three episodes earlier. She looks at Lee, assures him that it really is her (a fact confirmed by executive producer Ron Moore, who also confirmed that the four Cylons really are Cylons), and tells him, "It's gonna be okay. I've been to Earth. I know where it is. And I'm gonna take us there." The camera pulls up over their two Vipers and then rapidly pulls back through the colonial fleet, through the pursing Cylons, back through the nebula and an arm of the Milky Way, and then rushes across the galaxy to our solar system, focusing on earth as the season ends. It is an utterly breathtaking moment.This is absolutely essential television. If you care for great television, this is the kind of stuff you have to care about. The tragedy is that while every major television critics has passionately praised the show and while a host of major publications from TV Guide to Time to Rolling Stone have proclaimed it the best show on TV, it has struggled to find viewers. The irony is that many Sci-fi fans don't watch it because it doesn't resort to the clich&eacute;s that dominate the genre and make it in most cases completely unchallenging television and many mainstream TV fans don't watch it because they mistakenly think it will only appeal to Sci-fi fans. It is what it is: the best show on TV. You need to watch this.
This a great series on the A&E Bio network. If your a fan of ghost reality tv this a great series!
This is a family favorite series. The 6th season did not disappoint. It is still as funny and witty as ever.
Highly recommend this to anyone great series can't wait for Season 5 to be on Prime!! Wish I would have watched the series sooner!!
We happened upon this show by chance... it was recommended based on another show my daughter was watching. So, my 5-yr-old daughter likes it, and my 2-yr-old son goes CRAZY over it. He starts jumping up and down when we say Pocoyo. :)  As for the content, it's divided up into several mini episodes, so it's easy to stop in the middle without too much kiddo-complaint. It attempts to teach some mild lessons, but it's mostly cute, lively young child entertainment.
If you are smart, you will like this show. Most people will lose interest by the final episode because most people do not have the courage of their conviction.
Horrific murder detective case with good acting and plenty of twists and turns.  Not for the faint or young viewer
The premise is terrific.  Who thinks up this stuff??.  Execution is fabulous--scripts, cast, sets, lightin, makeup,  everything is well done.
What more can you want, gripping brutality mixed with soft affectionate moments. Lots of deceit and love all at one place.The main actors are very good as is the supporting cast.There are times where The Americans is not for the faint of heart, but the concept of a man and woman who have come together and created a fake marriage, with children, to spy on the U.S. is a brilliant piece of writing. This hot and cold relationship endures at all costs to support the fatherland. &#34;Endures&#34; does not mean that sparks do not fly and fly they do at times.The contrast between two parents trying to be good parents to their children and off killing people at other times is complex and it is gripping too.
I knew nothing about this series except that Betty White was in it (and who doesn't love Betty); I found that I could watch it free through my Kindle Fire so I went to town. This half-hour comedy is the funniest show I have seen in a long time; a laugh-out loud, pee in your pants type of laugh. You will recognize all the main characters beginning with Betty White, Wendi Mallic,  Jane Leeves (Frazier) Valerie  Berlinelli (One Day at a Time and many Lifetime and other shows).The show starts out where these three lovely ladies decide to go on  a vacation  to France. The plane unexpectedly  has to land in Cleveland (CLEVELAND????) - (THEIR THOUGHTS EXACTLY). In Cleveland compared to the other women (not true Clevelandites) these three look like movie stars and are given a great deal of attention by the attractive -he-men- of the first bar they hit. Long story short they decide to move to Cleveland where their egos are pumped up every day with every man they meet. They rent a house but Betty White-the housekeeper for fifty years can be fired or they can keep her---keep her they did and the show begins with their life in Cleveland with some mention of their life in LA  (so you learn what they did in LA) and how different Cleveland was but they loved it.There are many guest stars including Regis Philborn, David Spade, Tim Conway, and many many more very funnymen and women - Joan Rivers plays Betty's twin sister....ya' gotta' see that one!Betty is absolutely without a doubt the funniest lady we have ever had; she doesn't have to open her mouth for her body language and her facial expression(s) say it all.The story of these four begins and every single show is a gem unto itself. Do not miss this FAB  sitcom.I don't usually like l/2 hour shows but on my Kindle Fire (did I mention the first three seasons are free to Prime members) I could not put it down and, as they say, laughter is the best medicine, 'they' are so right.Don't miss this one-you'll laugh your ass off and wonder how in the hell  Betty can remember all her lines; do all that she does and still remain totally in control, funny as all get out (anybody say that anymore?) and worth the price of the dvds.I couldn't be happier that I saw this show and because the fourth season is $1.99 per show I'm going to get the DVD or wait until it comes out free on my Fire.  I plan to  watch the whole thing over and over --I'll bet you will too!!!! E N J O Y !!!!!
This series has a great writing team behind it and Gael Garcia Bernal is an amazing actor. The pilot introduced the world of symphony, which seems it could show a side of New York City like no other show before it. I really like the actors and I think this would be a great, long-form story. Give us more episodes!
Only insignificant spoilers aheadGreat, adult oriented, show. Compelling characters, good acting and great reconstruction of Viking culture. Less bloody than you might expect, though nobody will ever accuse this of being a family-oriented show. The show is based (loosely) on the ancient viking tales of Ragnar Lothbrok, a Viking who may or may not have done all of the things he is given credit for in the writings of the monks and scribes who penned the tales. I warn you to not read too deeply into those tales before you see the series, as it will give you some unwanted (in my case) insights into where major plot lines of the story will go, and the fates of some of the major characters.I was especially pleased with the way in which Ragnar's character is played. He's not a particularly nice fellow - he becomes famous for killing a lot of, often, defenseless people and stealing their stuff. On the other hand, his home-life is shown in a mostly favorable light - good father and provider and such stuff. How can you really be a hero to a modern audience when you slaughter entire monasteries and then get a captive monk drunk and develop a sense of trust with him so that he tells you the locations of other targets to hit? Fortunately the writers don't try to clean up his life-story, or life-style and shows Ragnar and his people as the savage killers they are. Killers with a, sometimes flexible, code of honor, but still killers.Interestingly enough I have figured that this version is a 'cleaned up' edit of what has been shown elsewhere. Having read about the series on some other websites before deciding to watch it, I saw screen shots that did not appear in this version. Evidently it is ok to show axes splitting skulls, but we have to protect little Timmy from any potentially offensive sexual content.In any event, the series was great and my wife and I binge watched through the first season in a weekend. We are very much looking forward to seeing the second season once it becomes available.
This is what television is all about!  Hope there is more to come.  There should be a real appreciation for what these women endured during those rugged times.
Political Animals follows the careers, private lives and fortunes of a former First Family transparantly based on the Clintons. Sigourney Weaver plays Elaine Barrish, the character based on Hillary Clinton and she does a wonderful job. Elaine Barrish was a former first lady who ran for the Presidential Nomination of the Democratic Party and lost to a younger, more media friendly male candidate. Elaine Barrish then campaigned for that President and was named Secretary of State, a role where she did a very good job and that increased her popularity, especially in light of the lackluster performance of the president.Bud Hammond is the Bill Clinton character and Ciarin Hinds does a wonderful job combining both the lovable and the creepy in a man who loves his wife but is incapable of keeping his hands off other women. Political Animals is more of a family drama and soap opera than a political drama, desptie the inclusion of a plot point with hostages in Iran and the tacit permission of the POTUS for Iran to kill American hostages for political purposes, a plot that Elaine dashes rather expertly.I enjoyed Political Animals for its soapy exuberance rather than its political acumen, but the conspiracy nut inside of me thinks that the purpose of Political Animals is to float the idea of Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, running for President again based on her performance and popularity as Secretary of State. Otherwise why make the characterizations of this political family caricatures?
I LOVE this show. The last episode was from around December 15th and I have not seen any new ones just yet. I check EVERYDAY. I actually just watched this episode for like the third time to keep me in the loop.I knew Killian was Frayas one true love. Her soul mate, not the trickster. I just can not wait to see what the next season has in store for us.
I find this series very compelling.  It is written, acted and directed to catch my attention and it surely does that.  The Reagan era in history was a very delicate time for detente and diplomacy with the fear of nuclear war at every corner.  This show demonstrates how fearful our government, and the Soviets were at the possibility of such a catastrophe  Well done to the producers of this show.  I can't wait to get to Season 2..
This seems pretty cool, it shows aspirations, shows the seemingly true characteristics of the rich, the striving poor and those that want to make a big splash in their world. I think that this could work for a few seasons or so.
This is one of my favorites! A well-cast production & the screenplay is very faithful to Dickens' novel. A couple of the &#34;secrets&#34; that are finally revealed are better understood if the book is read, but maybe that's just me. This is one I watch again & again.
Bitches are funny!The bachelorette was funny.The girls are jelly and the adventure is fool of dirty talk and drugs.
Ah, werewolf movies. They're like the little girl with the curl -- when they're good, they're very very good, and when they're bad, they're.... fodder for MST3K.Such is the fate of "Werewolf," Tony Zarindast's tale of lycanthropy and stupidity -- a sloppy, ineptly-assembled pile of FAIL from the first scene to the last, with acting worthy of a Razzie and a plot apparently dreamed up during a bad hangover. So of course, Mike and the bots tackle all the hilarious stupidity with good grace... when they aren't having identity crises.Mike's attempts to escape back down to Earth are foiled by Pearl and Brain Guy, so he ends up climbing right back to the Satellite just in time for "Werewolf." When they aren't watching the movie, Mike accidentally becomes infected with Crow's essence and begins turning into a WereCrow. I don't think the world is ready for two of them.As for the movie itself: it's about a bunch of archaeologists who find a "wur-wilf" skeleton out in the desert, which causes one of them to transform. Designated evil scientist Yuri (Jorge Rivero) decides to experiment by infecting random people with lycanthropy, and one of the accidental victims is is a greasy writer named Paul (Federico Cavalli) who is interested in the ever-wooden Nathalie (the wooden Adrianna Miles)."Wurwilf"... I'm sorry, "Werewolf" is not the worst movie that "Mystery Science Theater 3000" has ever reviewed, but it's pretty bad. Everything here is worthy of mockery -- the bad special effects, the cardboard characters, silly cinematography (the girl who can't run through a mud puddle), the awful costumes (is that a bear? A bat?) and Yuri's ever-changing hair.But of course, the endless stream of mockery turned out by Mike, Joel and the robots is absolutely gutsplitting. They constantly snark bad continuity ("Did those oil barrels just leap out in front of him?"), stupid characters (mock the stupid Russian chick's accent -- "You and Noel is in it for fame and fortune? But over my dead body!") and constant running jokes (the fact that Natalie is clearly dumb as a stump).Even the framing stuff is hilarious, with Mike becoming a WereCrow ("... and you know, I'm perfectly comfortable with that, yeah"), and the three main characters dressing up like a 50s girl band and singing a peppy pop song about falling in love with a werewolf.The movie is awful, the snark is hilarious, and the wurwilf is about as frightening as one of the monsters from Twilight. One of my all-time favorite episodes of MST3K.
This season is starting out on a somewhat negative, nostalgic tone with the exit of Ziva David, but when Gibbs met the new SecNav who just 'happens' to be a gorgeous REDHEAD, there were sparks there! It will be really interesting to see what the amazing writers this show has can make out of that, if anything. Part of the reason I love this show is, one never really knows where the plot is going to twist-but twist it will!!
Ray Winstone (you may recognize him from the movie "Sexy Beast) is Vincent, the head of his own P.I. firm. He is assisted by his small crew of associates. Vincent may appear to be a tough guy, and he can be. He delivers tough news with directness, yet ultimately has a heart of gold. He takes on cases that often have excellent plots and the interaction and caring of his staff is wonderful. This is a mystery/drama above all else, but can be funny and touching at the right times. I only wish there were more episodes.
I have all the seasons and absolutely love this show. I just think they kill off too many characters to soon. Other than that I enjoy watching this show. Very entertaining. I can't wait until the next season..
I still can't believe that Breaking Bad Sunday is no more, but this awesome Blu-ray along with the previous five releases will keep Walter knocking forever. The final season is well worth the price for the immortal Ozymandias alone, not to mention the hilarious alternate ending.
I expected a mediocre horror flick, but this one in particular was excellently portrayed and had some real frightening moments. It was also an unusual plot. Who'd 've thought a monkey's paw could cause such bad things to happen just by granting wishes. Be careful what you wish for really works in this movie. Good acting too.
Continues on the story of the Doctor and companions Amy and Rory.  Lots of great stories and engaging characters, especially explaining alot of River Song's backstory and all those &#34;spoilers&#34; a true fan would want to know about.
Great series! Great writing! The characters really stay in the 60's focus.I did not watch Vegas until a friend asked me if I was watching and told me how good he thought this series was. It IS extremely good! Dennis Quaid is the perfect actor to portray Sheriff Lamb.I downloaded the whole season (rental) from Amazon for about $19.00. I have one more episode to view. I will surely DVR this series when it returns on cable!
I don't know why people are not raving about "Leverage" in the same breath they use on "Weeds" or "The Wire," "Mad Men," or other great cable TV series.  "Leverage" has a terrific (if incredible) premise, a wonderful cast, and among the best writing on TV.  It combines the fun of the classic Robert Wagner series "It Takes a Thief" with the witty dialog of "Buffy, the Vampire Slayer" to create a perfectly entertaining and engaging confection.  This is television of the first rank, and this DVD set makes for extremely addictive viewing.
Loved, Loved, Loved this pilot!  My attention held from the first opening scene.  Loved the cast, and as always Adrian Pasdar (Heroes) and Aldis Hodge (Leverage) gave excellent performances.  The entire cast melded together exceptionally well.  This preview reminded me of what it felt like when the first episode of Lost aired on ABC.  The pilot left me wanting to see more.
My husband and I both really liked Bosch!  Its rare for us to find a tv program where we both get what we are looking for - action for him, a good story line for me, and great acting for us both.  We remember Welliver from Deadwood - he was great in that role and Deadwood was a wonderful series.
There is a scene in the first episode of Fargo, the series that takes the 1996 film masterpiece written and directed by the Coen Brothers as a thematic and geographic starting point, that I couldn't stop thinking about. Lorne Malvo, played by Billy Bob Thornton, a soft-spoken hitman for whom bloodshed is both a profession and a hobby, is pulled over after just leaving the scene of some fairly impressive carnage in a stolen car. The affable policeman, Officer Gus Grimly -- portrayed by Colin Hanks -- waits for Malvo to open his window, then asks him for his paperwork."We could do it that way," Malvo replies. "You ask me for my papers, I tell you that it's not my car, that I borrowed it, see where things go from there. You could do that. Or you could go get in your car and drive away."Grimly chuckles, the Mag-Lite on his shoulder casting its beam in Malvo's face, "Now why would I do that?" he asks, as if delivering the obligatory question that will allow the other man to finish telling his joke."Because some roads you shouldn't go down. Because maps used to say 'There Be Dragons Here', and now they don't... but that don't mean the dragons aren't there." Malvo's tone suggests the statement be taken as friendly advice. He looks away from Grimly now, eyes on the road, signalling the end of the discussion, and a parting of ways.Grimly's radio crackles, and his daughter is on the other end, asking for him and addressing him as 'Dad'. The policeman glances in annoyance at the car and quickly focuses again on Malvo. "Can you step out of the car please sir?" It's not really a question and he's done being nice.But Malvo ignores him. "How old's your kid?" he asks, and examines the cop with a hint of a smile as the officer takes a step back and drops his right hand on to his holster."I said step out of the car." His daughter's voice is still plaintively asking for him to respond. His breaths are coming faster, visible as football sized clouds in the freezing winter night. The street is empty behind them. Malvo just stares into Grimly's eyes, still giving an impression of faint amusement."Let me tell you what's going to happen," he pauses, eyes searching the other man's chest for a name-tag, "Officer Grimly."The policeman waits to hear him out, his deeply furrowed brow making plain his confusion. He doesn't know what else to do, so he listens, part of him knowing that this isn't right, he's the one in charge, he's the one with a badge, but he doesn't have cause to draw his sidearm... or does he? And somewhere else, much, much deeper, there's an alarm system screaming, telling him not to draw his gun, not to touch the driver door, to just get the hell out of there and never look back. But he can't do that either, he's a cop for Christ's sake."I'm gonna roll my window up, then I'm gonna drive away. And you're gonna go home to your daughter, and every few years you're gonna look at her face. And you're gonna know you're alive because you chose not to go down a certain road on a certain night. That you chose to walk into the light instead of into the darkness."Malvo is finished talking, but Grimly continues to stare. He squints, gives a slight nod as if requesting Malvo to further elaborate on dragons and roads and light and darkness. But Malvo just smiles, the same easy smile. His eyebrows raised, he lets Grimly decide which direction he's going to walk. When he gets no answer, he lowers his voice, as one might do when prompting a child to make a difficult decision. "Do you understand me?"Grimly knows he has to say something, do something, but... "Sir," he begins, his voice a dry croak. Why did he say that? He feels a hot wave of shame crash over him, and then the cold of the Duluth night returns, and he realizes he is shivering. The man in the driver seat is still waiting for something more, but he can't decide what to do, what to say. He needs to clear his head and think about it..."I'm rolling up my window."Malvo keeps his eyes locked on Grimly as the glass slides up between them, then turns away. The policeman looks like he's been hypnotized, watches with that shell-shocked, dazed expression as Malvo pulls the Ford Taurus back onto the snow-covered blacktop and drives away, his rear lights swallowed as the vehicle disappears into the darkness.While the entire episode is a brilliant example of an adaptation that builds on the original material instead of consuming and regurgitating it, that embraces the theme and style of Fargo without being shackled by it, after watching that scene I started to get comfortable with the possibility that Fargo might be one of the best TV series ever made. The show's creator and writer, Noah Hawley, has a very strong grasp of the complex dynamics at work, not just in the film version of Fargo, but in all of the Coen Brother's films. In some respects, the series is nearly a sequel to one of their other, newer masterpieces, the Oscar-winning adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's novel 'No Country For Old Men'. Just as that movie ends with the seemingly invulnerable Anton Chigurrh falling prey to the vagaries and uncertainties of existence, badly injured in a random car crash, in Fargo we are introduced to a philosophical sociopath very similar to Chigurrh, Lorne Malvo, and that introduction also takes the form of a traffic mishap, as Malvo crashes his car trying to avoid a deer. Dazed in the accident, his trunk suddenly pops open, and a man clad only in his underwear flees across the snow and ice toward the blackness beyond the range of the headlights. Thornton's portrayal of the ruthless and strangely mischievous Malvo is nearly as unforgettable as Javier Bardem's performance as Chigurrh, or the ineffably terrifying and enigmatic Gaear Grimsrud from the first Fargo, played by Peter Stormare. The Coen Brothers are unquestionably my favorite film-makers, and the fact that they served as executive producers on the series said a lot. This wasn't Spielberg, or Michael F****** Bay, this was Joel and Ethan Coen, whose names have never been attached to a crappy project. Amid the inspired crime spree cooked up by the fortuitous meeting of Lorne Malvo and Lester Nygaard (in an Emmy-worthy effort by Martin Freeman), it was the potential violence that was thrumming beneath the deceptively quiet words Malvo spoke to Officer Grimly that made the deepest impression. In just a couple minutes, the pleasant existence that he took for granted was unmade; what he thought was a life built on top of ten miles of granite was actually dangling by a silk thread over the abyss. And when his job had required of him the fortitude to do what had to be done, he had froze, and failed. Great stuff. This is as good as television gets.P.S.: While the series, like the movie, begins with a statement claiming that it is based on true events, it isn't. And neither was the film, although the Coen's said they had based the plot on a composite of several real-life cases. They said that the audience approaches a film with certain expectations when they believe it's based on a true story, willing to accept things they otherwise wouldn't... a sentiment echoed by series creator Noah Hawley. Whatever. I don't care one way or the other, a good story is a good story.
The warning at the beginning is for real.  This is the cutest series ever.  There just isn't anything cuter than puppies and kittens.
This was super cute with n unexpected twist.  This is not a typical chick flick.  My husband actually like it.  From what I remember it was pretty sweet and clean.
Very entertaining take on the Vikings. Personal drama is nicely interwoven with historical bits along with brutal action to create an addictive series.
I love love love this show! Seasons 3 and 4 are a little dark but very entertaining! I highly recommend this show!
One of the best cop dramas in a long, long time. Elmore Leonard's creations are gutsy, realistic and imbued with surprise after surprise. Excellent from Season 1 until this season!!
Another season and another winner.  Great stories, fast paced and original.  I am so looking forward to another season. HP is a character and a half.  His careful solving of each crime is a delight.
Keeps with all ep up to this point. Sets,acting and everything about the series is well done. Each one give just enough to keep you coming back.
Kids it's only fiction, and in reality Walt and his family wouldn't have lasted six months, before getting a life sentence or getting killed.Such astute character developement is at the heart of this amazing series. Not to mention the edge of your seat story as it unfolds every week. This is a show that should go on forever.
I've watched a few Dr. Who episodes and have enjoyed the ones I've watched.  Very interesting sci fi, but is very quirky in many ways.  Give it a try if you like Science Fiction.  My son is a true fan, as are many of his friends,  but I can't say I am.
Little kids remembering their past lives.  Who knows?  Anythings possible with an open mind.  The children's testimony on the this show sounds pretty convincing.  It's entertaining and thought provoking.  I am enjoying it so far.
My kids love this show! The tunes are catchy and help kids remember good hygiene, sharing, taking turns, how to deal with anger, etc.
Very funny.  If you have ever watched or read any sci fi the jokes are continuous. Consider the life of middle management or lower on the Death Star....This should so be a series.  We need some "funny" in the world today.  Only drawback...too short
How can you not love Tom Selleck, and the rest of the cast is good in the characters they play.If you like cop show, you will certainly like this one.
Still fascinated at the notion of reading expressions of the minutest display.  The stories are engaging and touching when people are really faced for what they are doing.
I rated under the dome five stars because it's very interesting! I've only seen several episodes since it started and it caught my eye every time. I watch it every Monday at 10:00 pm, and I have to make sure that I am paying close attention to it. I would recommend this show to others.
Review of Season 1 - after you see that - you will look forward to Season 2.  Will not repeat - but will state that there is not a single letdown in the 2nd season.  Enjoy!!!!
This is an awesome series; I recommend it to everyone.  Series 6 is as good as all the previous 5.  Great plot and greatacting.  Don't miss this.
Oh my, 5star pilot. Not so original but with a paranormal / alien twist.  Only downside is you really do not see the whole effect until the very end . So watch the whole pilot. I almost gave up half way through becAuse it was so much like all the others out right now. Don't , it's worth it. The film makers need to show something special before the end, to keep people watching the pilot. Surprise endings are fun but in a pilot, need sooner looks at what makes it special. In the past when there were not a lot of programming everyone watched what was on, but now with thousands of choices you need to hook the viewer faster. THIS IS MY FAVORITE FROM THE NEW PILOTS. PLEASE MAKE MORE. I HAVE FOLLOWED SUSAN LAWRENCE SENCE NYC, WOLF LAKE ETC. SHE IS WHY I KEPT WATCHING. INTERESTING ADULT TV. SO SICK OF TEENAGE SHOWS BUT THIS IS CHANGING WITH NEW PROGRAMMING IN THE LAST FEW YEARS WITH WALKING DEAD, CHOCAGO FIRE ETC. THIS IS LIKE WALKING DEAD MEETS X-FILES. MABIE WE WILL GET A DAVID DOUCOVNY GUEST APPEARANCE. I AM EXCITED WITH THIS SHOWS POTENTIAL.
Surprisingly strong.  It seems to rise above expectations.  Some weak acting, but very strong moments appear frequently enough to keep this series above par.
Kiddo adores this show. She love, love, loves the music and asks to watch the songs again and again. She even tries to copy the dancing! She's also learned a ton from the show. All those Mr. Grouper let's think about its she has memorized the answers and not just repeats them, but understands them. She even memorized the songs down to who dances/sings in the background on each one. It's like a kid magnet! If I play this when we're traveling random children drift over to us in the airport to look over her shoulder! Usually when we're at home I let her watch one show a day after lunch/before nap and it's usually this, Umizoomi, or a diego (she's animal obsessed). Hope she continues to love it because she &#34;discovered&#34; this around the same time as Sesame Street and she's very over sesame. This keeps going strong!
I am a fan of CSI and I am really pleased with my purchase. I have bee watching CSI for a long time and it is one of my favorite shows. I have to say that the show has only gotten better. I love the story lines and the characters. The current season of CSI started with a shocker and it still keeps audiences on the edge of their seats.
Great Season, characters have grown in there roles, plots just gets deeper and deeper. Casting of chapters is well done.
My Granddaughter loves this video.  The colors of the characters are so vibrant and they are so animated!!  It's no wonder that Sesame Street has stood the test of time!!  I enjoyed watching the video with her.
Accidently &#34; Missed&#34; the last episode.... and THANK YOU Amazon, for having it so fast.....This is truly a &#34; Tangled Web&#34; and so close to the truth... the average person, just does  NOT realize... Money is NOT all it is cracked up to be
well acted, well written, well directed and all the other crafts are doing a great job. give it a try and see what you think
Watched the whole season in one setting!  This series was filled with drama filled plots and danger lurked behind every door.  These Americans were my neighbor, my friends, my co-workers and I could see my life as a spy and feel the danger.  The acting was superb and the writing was fantastic.  This series was made so well that I was hooked on the pilot episode and continued to watch until the series was over!  This is the best dramatic series I've seen and seemed to get better and better as the season progressed.  I can't wait for the next season!
This is the best zombie show..one of the best post-apocalyptic screen plays. Very well made and storyline is great. Picture and character development are great. Season 3 is either the &#34;governor&#34; season or the &#34;prison&#34; season. I dont think the prison is a pleasant scenery  ( the farm in the early season was much better ) ..but the story and actors make up for it..
I missed the chance to see this 2012 documentary when I covered  the WXPN Music/Film Festival in April, and I'm glad I got to finally see it, having heard good things from friends who caught it then. I'll admit up front that I was never a big fan of the band Journey (nor most of the bands of the 1970s, so I didn't look it the film from a fan's perspective but, rather, as a music journalist who loves well made documentaries. And it won my approval on this level.The first three words of the title refer to the four core members of the band Journey, who had a ten year string of hits beginning in 1978, when they disbanded, returning as a group in 1995, until their lead singer - Steve Perry - left for good. Perry's replacement for the next 10 years, Steve Augeri, wasn't enough to get the band on the charts. But founding members Neal Schon and Jonathan Cain still believed in the band.  They went to the "ball" looking for their Cinderella of a lead singer. In this case the "ball" was Youtube, where Schon spotted a young singer in Manila (the Philippines) doing Journey cover songs with his band Foo. They brought that singer - Arnel Pineda - to the US for an audition and the rest, as they say, is musical history. Arnel's been the lead with Journey for the last eight years. So the rest of the film's title belongs to Arnel, since filmmaker Ramona S. Diaz (who specializes in story-driven documentaries) was there (literally a fly on the wall - from that first audition through the end of the band's 2008 world tour (ending in Arnel's home town).Coming from a poor area of Manila , having done, alcohol and drugs and fathering two children (one out of wedlock), Arnel is seeing both the plusses and minuses of fame. (Honestly, after seeing this film I have a lot of empathy for musicians who rise to fame quickly and have no real permanent home life.)For Journey fans there are lots of musical performances and back stage footage (even more on the bonus features). But you don't need to be a fan of the band - or even rock music to get a lot out of the 105-minute film. Like "Searching for Superman", about the musician Rodriguez, this film shows what happens when a little-known musician in a third-world country enters the world of rock music fame.If I had to fault the film in any way, it would be that it is a bit too long and sometimes repeats itself. But this, of course, won't deter Journey fans (except those who will debate which lead singer was better: Arnel or Perry).The DVD contains an additional 35 minutes of "special features", including insightful featurettes on what the tour crew does, the health issues of touring and a portion of the interview panel from the premiere at the Tribeca Film Fest. The film is also available on Bluray and, as far as I know, it has the same features. The image and sound on the DVD version was just fine for me.For those who just want to see the film, it is scheduled to have its TV debut on PBS on September 30, 2013, however you should note that less than 90-minutes is allotted so at least 20 minutes will be edited out for the PBS showing.I hope you found this review both informative and helpful.Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
This was so much fun to watch. Timothy Oliphant does a great job in playing his role. It is about a side of life that many of us thankfully never know about. His references of understanding the nature of the community from being born there are really funny. It is a good guy vs. bad guy film but lots of fun along the way. It is not for children. I enjoyed it all.
I think this show is always fun to watch. The actors obviously like each other and work well together to make this show enjoyable.
Absolutely one of the best shows on television.  I cannot wait until the next week for another episode.
I really enjoyed this flick.  The characters and setting were all great.  Very interesting time period as there were some seriously crazy things taking place around the early WW2 era.
I have watched all the episodes and can't stop wondering what is going to happen to poor Emily on her mission.
I love it.The best thing is not the zombies, but the people interactions, especially the tensions between some of the characters. Well done by a group of very good actors.
I watched all the series of Foyle's War, and they were some of the best TV shows I have seen.  I don't usually like war themedentertainment, but this is the exception.  I thought Michael Kitchen was just the coolest inspector ever.
This has become one of my favorite shows since there are so few quality programs out there now. I'm glad that Nick is finally brining Nick into his realm of being a Grimm as well as Juliette.
This was a great series. I have only one complaint--it did not run long enough.  I would have loved to see what that devil did next.  I would have enjoyed knowing what the final outcome of his fate.  Whether he continued to spin &#34;his&#34; version of good and evil the way he saw it.  I am surprised this series did not run for many seasons.
I highly recommend watching this show it is hilarious. Great light comedy, really terrific acting Amazing cast. A+++++++ I love every season the show just keeps gettting better
This is a very entertaining series, it keeps you on the edge of your seat all the time.  I'm now watching season 2.  Outstanding.
Originally intended as a &#34;softer&#34;, more kid-friendly version of Nova, by around Season 4 the producers must have realized people of all ages were watching. The condescension of speech and cartoonish action and imagery are pretty much gone, replaced by simple, straightforward explanations of truly remarkable things. Basically, Nova with a smile.
The Black List is one heck of a action packed, who done it, spy vs. spy TV Show.  I've been a James Spader fan since Boston Legal. His highly educated, sophisticated, smug, elitist, I don't give a crap attitude, contrasts his lethal liberal sensitivities which bleeds all over the show. Spader has the perfect persona to play most wanted rogue CIA master operative, Raymond 'Red' Reddington.Is 'Red' a mole? Is he Lizzy's Old Man's best friend? Is he like Darth Vader to Luke Skywalker. And what and who is Lizzy's husband got to do with the whole shebang? We don't know. And that's the hook of a show that takes down some really diabolical bad guys every week in a way that quenches our thirst for more than just blind violence, and sophomoric white hat, black hat type clarity.I love this show. I hope enough folks love it so it'll continue to  develop, and doesn't get tanked.
Love this show as always. Since we don't have cable,  I get it here. Last yr in day after Thanksgiving sale, I got four seasons on sale for $7-$9, and got the other two here. With this streaming,  I will now own all seasons. These guys are hilarious and are a great way to spend a lazy day laughing your head off!
Oh my God! This series is really scary. I had to stop the viewing and go to something else, some of the scenes really scared me. It is very well done because you feel like you are present in the action. Not your typical zombie show. Very well developed characters and stories. It feels real and that it's why it is so frightening and popular. I could not stop watching it. It really grabs your attention.If you like well done horror, this is it.
So sad that Miami Vice has seen it's last season.  These programs was great entertainment.  David Caruso and the other stars were perfect in their parts.  Good storylines that kept me interested in coming back week and week.
I found myself laughing outloud most of the time. Very entertaining, funny and life lessons. Look forward to see Season 2.
My Family Loves this Show! Keep it Coming! Most excellent acting, plot line, characters and character development. Wow! This show rocks!
If you've seen Newsroom on HBO(or showtime), then this show is similar, the background happenings at a news tv show, only it's The Onion News Room. Jeffrey Tambor stars.  The Onion writes funny stuff and this show is no different.  Layered with funny in both dialogue and in randomness.  Together with a solid cast in place, likable characters, and plenty of The Onions quirky jokes, This show has a lot of legs.  I could see it going 5-6 seasons, doing stories on location and staying relevant to the times.
I think this show is well cast with interesting plots that will intrigue any and all real, everyday parents.  The acting is superb.  The viewer will be happy,  sad,  angry and joyful during these episodes,  just as good tv entertainment should inspire.
I love Kevin Bacon and loved the suspense of this show!  Had me on the edge of my seat. I can't wait until the next season!
This show is very silly but fun and entertaining. It's a great show if you just want mindless entertainment. My wife does not care for it but show enjoys hearing me chuckle throughout the show!
great show, got hooked watching seasons one and two on amazon prime, wish they'd make season 3 prime (free) too.mark this review helpful if you agree.how can you not get hooked?UPDATE: Season 3 was short, wanting more!
I have really enjoyed this series. Great actors and story line. I keep wanting to watch just to see what will happen next!
Very sexy, intelligently done upgrade of Sherlock and Watson! Love, love, love it! Just wishe there were more episodes per season.
It had big shoes to fit after closer but it has done the job. Love the whole team. Wonderful show.
Missed the shows when they started and began to catch up with the season videos.  Up to season 6 now and we agree, it is one of the best shows ever produced for TV.
Hoping that season two is as great as season one..You didn't know from week to week what was next...If the second season is as good as the fist it will be worth waiting for...
basically a dramatization of real events in London hospital in early 1900's.  as an ER doc myself right now, I see the similarities of the workings of an urban hospital among the poorest of the poor in the 1900's and how our &#34;modern&#34; ER's work today.  It is uncanny really how little we have learned about how to care for masses of poor folk.  The characters in this series are believable and historic yet are so well rendered as to be fascinating.
love this . This has been my new want to see show. Never cared for the Closer, but love this. Mary is top notch  playing this role. Already watched it many times. I am very repetitive .When I like a show I watch it over and over.
Again, each episode holds my attention from beginning to end.  I sit up at night to watch another episode.  I would recommend this show to anyone to enjoys detective shows.
This show is super intense! I love it. In some ways it is a typical FBI type show but it has a drama twist that makes it unique.
Elementary is an excellent show.  Usually on a new show the characters take a few episodes to coalesce.  Not here.  Holmes and Watson meld perfectly!  The plots are well thought out (some aspects are barely plausible, but that is to be expected -- slight literary license and all that).Elementary is reminiscent of HOUSE&#8230; brilliant detective (doctor) with Watson, Gregson, and Bell (Chase, Foreman, and Cameron).I just can&#8217;t say enough good things about the show.  I love it.  (And, as an aside, you might want to try SLEEPY HOLLOW.)
I watch one TV show in the week and it's Modern Family. Love this show!! Since it IS the only TV  I watch, I have all 3 seasons onmy Kindle and enjoy reruns the 2nd or 3rd time around.
As someone that grew up in small town America this well written story was fascinating.  Nuclear war is an insane idea, but we live with the possibility every day.  The possible tragedy is explored with what I felt were real people, good acting and reasonable human interaction.  The story line is like one very long novel and being able to watch episode after episode at your leisure with Prime is the perfect way to get the most from this story.  The novel celebrates those that strive to cling to positive moral values in the face of unimaginable hardships.
Absolutely love this - A devout Falling Skies fan, it arrived on time and made my day!  The price was great and a &#34;must have&#34; for any fan of the Falling Skies series.  Definitely recommend!
We love this series intelligent, witty, fun, you love the characters form the start and don to stop loving them.
I truly do not believe that I will ever get sick of or bored with this show. Nothing much changes in it from show to show but it is hilarious. This is a show where the characters are so entertaining nothing much has to happen you just laugh at all of their weird idiosyncrasies.
Very informative.  I knew it was the temprance movement that started it all but I didn't that Temprance & Suffragetes were so closely linked.I knew some of this first hand because I have uncles that have now passed that lived in upper New York & would visit their Canadian cousins by boat with their boats empty & come back with their boats filled to capacity with Canadian liquor.  The stories have been passed down.
Let me put it out there before I go any further; I have not seen the original BBC version of this show. I do plan on watching it at some point, but for the purposes of this review it is not necessary.Being Human was an absolute surprise for me. When I first heard of it, because it was going to air on SyFY, I assumed it would be as Goofy as all the other shows that air on that channel. Not hating cause Eureka is one of my favorite shows ever. Being Human is nothing like that. It is able to hit just the right tone between the serious plotlines that make up the meat of the show, and the extremely important "lighter moments" that show character development.The show is about Josh (werewolf), Aidan (vampire), and Sally (ghost), who live together in the same house and learn how to balance what they are with who they want to be. The characters that make up this world are not incredibly over dramatic (twilight) or insanely over the top (True Blood: The Complete First Season). This show manages to find an impressive balance between the two giving it a feel all its own.The conflict feels organic as well. For Aidan, his past very long past is finally catching up with him, and he must decide between that past and his present. Sally struggles with no longer being connected, and also the loss of her loved ones. Josh desperately wants to be normal, but that is hard to do when every so often you transform into an uncontrollable killing machine. Each of these plot lines intersect at a certain point and they are handled beautifully.While watching this series my father noticed one day, and sat down to see what all the fuss was about. I was half way through the season, but the show was so strong that every time it came on he would watch with me, despite having to struggle having not seen half the episodes. That is how accessible it is. At the end of the season, neither of us could wait for the next season to come out.Being human is a wonderful show with characters who are incredibly human and are an utter joy to watch.
I'm rating this series a 10. I was eager to see it when I saw the preview, watched the pilot and every Monday since I am glued to it. This week I screamed out loud, and I can't think of another TV show that has made me do that! I'm a fan of the original Psycho movie, of Anthony Perkins and Janet Leigh. And as a fan of that classic, I can honestly say that this series is doing it right. I absolutely love everything about it. The casting especially! This young Norman -- Freddie Highmore -- is a powerful actor and nobody could do this challenging role better. He IS the young Norman. And that MOTHER -- holy creepy sympathetic jeebies! -- Vera Farmiga is perfection. Loud whistles, huge rose bundles, tons of chocolate and gallons of champagne to the writers of Bates Motel -- extremely challenging, and every week you knock it out of the park, line upon line.Can't wait for more. Keep it going for years, please!! This is a very interesting take on the eerie backstory of characters my generation grew up with!
This movie is proof that if a movie isn't marketed correctly it won't succeed at the theatres. I loved the suspense, and Samuel L. Jackson played evil so convincingly, that it was, at times, terrifying to even look at him. This is probably a lower budget movie but I loved it! Great ending too! Don't be fooled by the fact that it didn't get top billing at the theatre. Neither did Galaxy Quest, but it is now a cult classic.If you enjoy this type of genre, Samuel L Jackson (Truly at his most evil), and surprise endings, watch this movie. If you are a Prime member you get to see it free, so you lose nothing. Really enjoyable film!
The cast is exceptional and the story unbelievable. The cast includes Michaela Conlin, Tamara Taylor, David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel, as well as many others of considerable talent.  Of course it is hard not to love Emily Deschanel whose portrayal of Dr. Temperance Brennen, a brilliant forensic anthropologist whose prosidy portrays her character as one with Asperger's syndrome, combining intellectual brilliance with the grace of a social pygmy who manages to not see the difference between truth and insult. She doesn't want to be mean, but she is oblivious to the meanness within her own &#34;truthful&#34; observations, at least truth as she sees it. As a scientist she is a hard-nosed empiricist who in her abrupt fashion eschews the intellectual worth both of value judgements and faith. However, she gradually comes to indulge, even appreciate, adherence to these inclinations in her friends, especially her character's eventual husband FBI agent Seeley Booth played by David Boreanaz. The tale inspires one to both laugh and do your homework.
These are certainly not the &#34;Fairy Tales&#34; I remember.  But then again, what they should have been.  They better not quit on me!  The good vs. evil is tantalizing, and I love them both.
Great series very entertaining -love love love
When I watched the pilot for the series, I was not sure that I would like this, but I was missing Inspector Lewis.  However, during series one I became more interested.  I had not seen many of the original MORSE episodes, but rented them through Amazon Prime (wish they would sell the episodes rather than rent).  Then I started looking for connections between the two - a fun bit of detective work !  This series 2 so far seems to be developing very well.  The characters of Jakes and Bright seem to be rounding out to less of just anti-Endeavour characters.  Inspector Thursday is still my favorite character and episode 3 gave us more background for him.  It is also nice the see Morse's relationship with his neighbor develop - the only drawback being that having seen the MORSE series we know that nothing permanent will happen.  Still, it is good to have the Morse family of shows continue.  I still wish we could find out what Sgt. Hathaway went on to do.  Maybe PBS could at least make a follow up LEWIS movie to update us on Lewis, Dr. Hobson and Hathaway.For other Kevin Whatley fans out there - look for BROKER'S MAN series and the final episode of season 5 of GEORGE  GENTLY - quite a plot twist !I hope that they can continue this series, I would like to see PC Strange's character given more scope considering the tie in to the MORSE series.Update:  I just watched episode 4 - WHAT A CLIFFHANGER !!!!!  Now we have to wait HOW LONG for the next episode ?????  Please hurry up with the next season
I really like this show even though scary shows are not really my thing.  Because scary shows are not my thing, this show scares the bejesus out of me.  Mainly because I don't think it's too scientifically off the mark that something like this could happen (a widespread viral epidemic that adversely affects humans, not flesh eating zombies).  The most scary thing is that the walking dead are not the most dangerous beings on the show.  The humans are worse. One epidemic sweeps the planet and human society descends into a Lord of the Flies sort of situation.  I stress out every Sunday evening.
Wonderful story line from Masterpiece Theater, there's always 2 or 3 situations going on throughout all episodes. The scenery is as Hastings was and what look like original aircraft being used from WW2 very authentic  with all the old cars etc. Wonderful characters played by good sound english actors. Great watching
This is an awesome series, loved every minute of it!
what can i say, pure alton brown, wonderful. each episode full of humor and great cooking. try this you will love it too
Law and Order LA Rocks! Unique ideas, excellent characters, top-notch acting. Law and Order LA Rocks! Two thumbs up! Word!
The production and acting are superb. My wife and I enjoy Poirot on a relaxed Sunday eveningto end our week. Easy ,entertaining, well acted ...a great period series.
I am always excited when Suits season begins. The show smart, funny, and very interesting. I realized it is a TV show; but I cannot work with these people. I would be a guppy surrounded by sharks. Great show!
Great series that did a good job of balancing various story lines well.
The first question is always does the second season hold up to the first.  For me, the answer is a strong YES. Matthew Rhys especially, as Phillip, the Russian spy, travel agent and family man remains every bit as wonderful as ever. Even if I hated the rest of the show, I would watch it just for him.  This season takes everything up a notch as everything gets harder. For one, the kids are getting much harder to control. The daughter is sneaking around and checking them out.  The son is quietly defying them. Any of these acts could get them caught big time.  Even worse, another Russian spy family is massacred in a hotel room, a family just like them. Nothing has ever thrown our female spy into such a crisis as this has. Phillip's fake marriage to Martha takes on new dimensions.  It really is a great show. I highly recommend it.
Mystery with intellectual conversation. Is this on tv? Yes it is and I miss it terribly. I am stuck in the SE corner of KS with no tv. It costs a fortune. You have to pay for all and any commercial tv. This is the one series that is on Prime so I watch. The library system in CO offers it also (free). Unfortunately, I have already watched most of them. I am finding that they are just as entertaining the second time around. I am on a limited income. The rental for tv programs that I would also like to watch is very prohibitive,
The Den.  What a horrible nightmare and yet, I could see this scenario happening in real life so easily.  So glad I don't have a webcam on my pc!  Don't pass up seeing this move.  I was glued to it from start to finish and had several jump out my skin episodes.  I actually had to pause this flick a couple times to remove myself from the story  - it was intense.  Thanks D Holmes for the recommendation & your review.  I, too can now say....this one is not to be missed.  What a ride.
Excellent acting and storyline !!! Wish it would have been renewed. I loved this T.V. show. It kept me on edge.
Here is a list of special features for this set which I took from staticmultimedia.com:" Disc Oneo Very Bad Thingso Jump For Joyo Sticks & Stoneso Commentary by Creator/Executive Producer Greg Garcia, Writer/Producer Danielle Sanchez-Witzel, Actor/Producer Jason Lee, Actors Ethan Suplee and Giovanni Ribisio Larceny Of A Kitty Cato Commentary by Creator/Executive Producer Greg Garcia, Writer/Executive Story Editor Hilary Winston, Producer/Actor Jason Lee, Actors Ethan Suplee and Amy Sedariso Van Hickeyo Commentary by Creator/Executive Producer Greg Garcia, Producer/Actor Jason Lee, Actors Ethan Suplee and Giovanni Ribisio Made A Lady Think I Was Godo MailboxAdditional Bonus Features Include:o Deleted Sceneso Very Bad Thingso Van Hickeyo Made A Lady Think I Was Godo Mailbox" Disc Twoo Robbed A Stoner Blindo Born A Gamblin' Mano South of the Bordero Our 'Cops' Is On!o Commentary by Creator/Executive Producer Greg Garcia, Writer/Consulting Producer/Actor Tim Stack, Actors Ethan Suplee and Jaime Presslyo Buried Treasureo Kept A Guy Locked In A Trucko Commentary by Creator/Executive Producer Greg Garcia, Producer/Actor Jason Lee, Actor Ethan Suplee and Fans Beth Perry and Alesia LewisAdditional Bonus Features Include:o Deleted Sceneso Born A Gamblin' Mano South Of The Bordero Kept A Guy In A Truck" Disc Threeo Foreign Exchange Studento Commentary by Creator/Executive Producer Greg Garcia, Writer/Executive Producer Bobby Bowman, Writer/Producer Mike Mariano and Actors Ethan Suplee and Nadine Velazquezo B.L.O.W.o The Birthday Partyo Guess Who's Coming Out Of Joyo Commentary by Creator/Executive Producer Greg Garcia, Actors Jaime Pressly, Eddie Steeples and Beau Bridgeso Harassed A Reportero Two Balls, Two Strikeso GEDAdditional Bonus Features Include:o Deleted Sceneso B.L.O.W.o The Birthday Partyo Two Balls, Two Strikeso Disc Fouro Get A Real Jobo The Trialo Commentary by Creator/Executive Producer Greg Garcia, Director Mike Fresco, Editor Billy Marrinson, Producer/Actor Jason Lee and Actor Ethan Supleeo "Karma: Take 2" Blooper Reelo "The Stoner Files" Featuretteo "Robbed A Stoner Blind: From Start To Finish" Featuretteo The Web Camo Earlo Randyo Joyo Catalinao Darnello Earl & Randyo "My Name Is Earl As A Telenovela" Featurette."
At first, I didn't think the series would keep my attention, but I kept watching each week, and it just gets better and better! With all the competing shows on Sunday evenings, I find that getting the episode for $1.89 and watching at my leisure on any device is fabulous!
This is one of my all time favorite shows. It has action and drama and strong characers. At this point and the next episode the crew is fighting to survive and must battle their way into a prison full of zombies. The action is tense and the effects gory as you would expect from this show. There isn't much room for deep character discussions like the ones you saw in season 2, but we know these characters very well by now. I am sure they will have a slower one around the bend sometime. But maybe not. At least we get 8 episodes , then a break and 8 more. But in reality something this popular could go for a twenty ep run easily! The acting is as strong as ever and that's a big plus.
I missed the original broadcast of this new series, but have since caught up and watched all 3 earlier episodes as well as the current broadcast on TNT.Thrilling scenes using an actual U S Navy Destroyer as it attempts to shield a lab technician as she struggles to develop a vaccine that will help cure and/or prevent a disease which has decimated the world human population.A great series, wonderful action scenes with a great cast
Great. Great! Grate. G8. Greet? Jus Great? What? Great. GREAT!Another Great show. What more can I say? Oh, yeah, Great.
I've only seen the first episode but I found the story very interesting. Imagine the suburban family next door are really Soviet spies (this is set 40 years ago).  Fascinating backstory regarding how they were recruited and brutally trained as spies and how, after so many years in the USA their attitudes change.
My preference is for a bit more character development, but this show moved so quickly with so many different characters, that I may be asking too much. This was an exciting series with an interesting premise and many plot twists. Another season would have been nice.
I've been a fan of COPS since its inception in 1989. Incredibly long-run of really excellent insights into the job of law enforcement and what the LEO's have to deal with each shift. I have found no more compelling program than COPS!  25 Seasons!It has been an excellent vessel for transmitting information from LEO to the common joe about what goes on in the night as we sleep. Or during the day for that matter. Crime is a serious problem in most of the USA and these are the men and women who routinely risk their life and limb to protect the rest of us.I find the police take downs the best part of COPS. I wish they were more aggressive in their presentation, but I understand that they developed a winning formula that often avoids the overly hard realities of police work.  This is sad because I spent six years working closely with city and state officers. I have a first hand perspective on crime and criminals, and neither is pretty.And it's hilarious that people 1 STAR this program because they are offended by the presence of commercials. No, you are not paying a premium price so you don't have to see commercials, you are paying a nominal fee to have access because you cannot afford cable. Some state that greed is bad, yet they are the ones wanting everything for free. LOL! The welfare state of our nation continues on, unabated.
I truly wish there were more episodes of this series it was very good and I enjoyed the uniqueness of the character. It definitely left me wanting more
Here' the winning formula:The Doctor + Amy/Rory + the TARDIS = excitement, originality, variety, emotions, suspense, River and viewer happiness & satisfaction.Trust me, I'm the Poppy!
I really enjoyed watching this show.  I enjoyed a character who was computer enhanced and maintained his humanity.  I am sorry the network did not agree.
I love this show and wait in anticipation for each new episode to air. I'm rarely disappointed and always laugh. I highly recommend this show to any and all. Watch it, it's hilarious!
It is best movie in long time.  I loves the history and always learn something that I haven't hear or learn in the past.
This BBC series is a great series about vampires, ghosts and wherewolves. Came out close to the same time as HBO's True Blood and is a close rival. Cast is great but too bad they lost Mitchell (a main character vampire) when he left to make the trilogy the Hobbits.
I think the basic premise that the widow stubbornly refuses to sell the team is canned but the monkey, the college q-back, the new GM all were great and I hope this one makes it.  I'll watch it and I'm sure lots of people who like sports and comedy will too.
I hope this continues. Great storyline and acting. Quality drama right up with the Inspector Lynley Series of character from book to show
I really liked this show and was hooked from the first episode... The under dog, who has past the bar but didn't attend Havard and the power hungry lawyer who cannot loose a case.... The tale of how to make it in the world of vice and criminal activity.... Whilst being on the side of the law.......I can't wait for season three :)
I watch it to lull me to sleep. Since when my boy was little we use to watch together on couch and fall asleep.
The show is still hilarious, and witty writing with a phenomenal cast, laugh out loud every episode, never gets boring!
First a disclaimer: if you've led a sheltered existence or believe that some ancient text originating from a tribe of goat herders in a remote desert millennia ago contains everything you need to know about life, you might not want to watch this film. Why? Because it's about real life. There's no rubbishy faux emotions, nonsense plot, huge CGI effects, or endless car chases and gun battles. It's a real movie about real people. The direction and camerawork are all put to the service of the story and the acting, which places this movie in the same category as The Lives of Others and House of Sand and Fog. You need an attention span to watch this film. You need to let it carry you along at its own pace, devoid of snappy jump-cuts and mindless action scenes.Some reviewers seem to have had problems dealing with the subject, which is simply that the teenage sons of two life-long friends fall in love, each with the mother of the other. Apparently this scenario isn't covered in the Big Hollywood/Disney Book of Life. Fortunately the film makers weren't overly concerned with limited conceptions of human feeling, and this movie gracefully explores - without gloss or varnish - the joys and the pains of what follows in consequence. Any middle-aged person who's ever felt the stirrings of attraction for a younger person will sympathize with the magnetic pull of this dynamic, and any young person who's ever felt attracted to a more mature person will likewise know the feeling of wanting to &#34;own&#34; that person and monopolize their attention.And anyone who's ever experienced any kind of affair will know about the tribulations that can result, due to the expectations and attitudes of others.What's lovely about this movie is that it explores all the avenues - the women's insecurities about their age, overlaying their knowledge that what they have, though marvelous, is necessarily fleeting. The young men unconsciously playing at being older than their years. The reactions of outsiders. The unintentional cruelties of love and obsession. It's all explored delicately but without flinching.The acting is very good. The initial hesitation that ultimately gives way to uncontrolled passion is very well done. The insecurities, jealousies, and inevitable pain is also beautifully rendered, always understated. There's no intrusive &#34;mood music&#34; to tell us what to feel. There's just a balanced character study that unfolds ineluctably, always watchable and always poignant.If you want to learn about human nature - real human nature, not the paper nonsense of DisneyWood - this is a great little movie. Plus the scenery is stunning and should make almost everyone want to pack up and move to Australia.
One of the best seasons yet. The cast keeps it fresh and new year after year while digging deeper into the character development.
I loved all 4 seasons. I was hoping for more out of the ending. I read that Allison has a twin and the final season did not touch on it. And we still don't know who killed the  person that was supposedly Allison.
Good acting, thought provoking storylines - but - - start thinking, are the terrorists really the bad guys, is the cop from the future having doubts and seeing the merit behind the terrorists goals, but not their means? Who are really the goodies and the baddies? You need to think deep to start realizing that all is not as it appears, but the potential is intriguing!
This is consistently one of the best shows on TV.  It is extremely well written, well acted, and very funny.  The writing has remained fresh and familiar yet it always seems to have some new twist to keep it interesting.  Not many series in their seventh season can say this.  Its a must watch show (streamed of course) in my house.
this movie is awesome. better than the first one. winter soldier was awesome he kicked butt. he was the best villain in a marvel movie in a long time. the story was awesome the action was awesome and so was the special effects. I'm glad that they put winter soldier as the bad guy in this movie. and if anyone did not notice that they mentioned doctor strange in the movie which was cool and it was cool that they had falcon in the movie. which is another avenger in the comics. all in all this movie was awesome. if you have not seen this movie then I recommend you do
'The Bridge' sucks you right into the story from the beginning. Who owns and undertakes the where-with-all to shut down the lights on the Bridge of the Americas and quickly deposits a body on the line of demarcation bringing detectives from the Chihuahua Police Department (Demian Bichir) and the El Paso Homicide Division (Diane Kruger) together to work in tandem? The plot is borrowed from the real life nightmares of girls and woman who have been murdered by the hundreds in Ciudad Juarez. Movies have been made - 'On the Edge: The Femicide in Cuidad Juarez', which is an insightful documentary; 'The Virgins of Juarez', which was widely panned; and Jennifer Lopez gave her best effort the same year (2006) in 'Bordertown'. Not only is the value of life, in general, at rock bottom in Mexico, when it comes to women and children, there is still potential for that value to sink to not-so-new lows. While victim's advocate groups try to bring attention to the plight of these girls/women and their families, the very fact that their projected value of life is so low leeches out into our own society and the response is, sadly, quite weak. A quality series such as 'The Bridge' has the potential to draw attention and empathy, ironically enough considering the problem of which our homicide detective struggles, to this very real problem.Mexico is a country imploding upon itself with violence and crime. Attempting to survive within these regimes of competitive gangs are human beings, born by a toss of the dice into one of the worst possible countries of this time. Like us, they have families and jobs, and dreams of a better future. Unlike us, they face obstacles that we cannot even begin to fathom. Our own families, in history, came to the U.S. as illegal aliens and mercilessly displaced the indigenous population. Yet, we are often the first to sit in careless judgment regarding the horrendous plight of the Mexican people. "Send them back over the border!" is the rallying cry in Arizona and many other states. Considering the reasons our ancestors were anxious and ready to do whatever it took to pull up stakes and put their families at risk to come here in the first place, we must look back and consider them just as base and nasty as those in Mexico who try to come here for a better life. Right? There is no justification from my Scottish great-great-great grandfather that will outweigh what I hear from below the border now!The obverse pairing of the two detectives from opposite sides of the border is a brilliant metaphor which elicits even through their personalities the polarity caused by lack of empathy and by unintentional disconnect. Kruger's character may, at least, be excused for her tendency towards cold, calculated legalism in the eye of tragedy for she does not take sides due to her 'glitch' called Aspergers.  I have two autistic children, one with Aspergers.  They are not cutouts of the same mold; they have different personalities, these 'Asperger humans'.  Kruger's character reminds me very much of my daughter. Watch 'The Bridge' for your entertainment and get an education.
I was hook even before the cow was clean sliced in half!  Oh, and no the Simpsons episode was not before the book...
I chose this rating because it gave me something that I was missing in the everyday tv shows. The relationships are magnetic and Doctor Who is so charming and it makes you feel apart of the adventure!This is for everyone!
It is easy to see by the ratings how popular this show is but my wife and I are fairly picky about what we watch and this show is one of our favorites. We love the characters and the way they interact most of all. The stories are mostly great and PG rated so the whole family can watch.
I love this book and most adaptations.  This is my favorite as I feel the actors are so suited to their respective roles.  Of course Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth are fantastic, but I particularly like Mrs. and Mrs. Bennett's portayals in this series.  I am so happy it is available on Prime so I can watch it as often as I like, which is pretty often!
I love, love, love this show! But then, I tend to be politically incorrect and so are they! They make me happy, happy, happy! Just wish more seasons were available on Amazon Prime!
My 2 youngest grandson really enjoy watching this program. they will set for at least a hour or so, it is so cute to listen to my grandson tell me he wants to watch guppies guppies. LOL
Every episode had excitement and suspense and character development.  It has a fascinating storyline that makes you think &#34;what if&#34; and then you see how this town handles not knowing the why and what of the attack on America that they survived.
Confession: I will view nearly any film, no matter how badly done, with apocalyptic themes. Most are way over the top, even for an admittedly over the top, end of world genre.But Perfect Sense transcends the form and surprised me. It WON'T be for you if non-stop gore, suspense, and action are what you crave.This lovely film is as much a meditation about being human as it is a call to wake up and appreciate what we have. These messages arrive in a story about a strange illness. Symptoms include waves of sadness, followed by the loss of smell..and then other symptoms.Perhaps "perfect sense" consists of coming to our senses before we truly lose them - or, at least, that is a major point I took away from this movie.Besides the epidemic, there is also a love story, a tumultuous attraction between a chef, Michael, and Susan, an epidemiologist. Their chemistry didn't quite click for me but this didn't take much away from the rest of the film. There is just so much worth pondering.I am grateful that so many of the usual and easy themes were omitted: no religious cause for the virus, no clear medical analysis. Viewers have to take events as they come and draw their own conclusions rather than being beaten over the head with a MAJOR POINT or PROFOUND MESSAGE.
This is a very well done show. The pace is so well scripted and hope we see season 3 soon.
Yes, this is an interesting take on Viking life, so far. I have only watched the 1st episode but I'm ready to go for the complete series.
Hi All,Covert Affairs is an excellent series, highly recommend it. So tired of cop shows and CSI, Covert Affairs brings something different to the viewing public.
Congratulations, you have a hit on your hands.So funny! I cannot wait to see the rest of the season.
April 17 2014, I just started really watching this show the other day since it is coming to the finals because it conflicts with The Good Wife which I have been watching since forever and I am invested in the characters.  However, I still was very interested in this new tv show.  So, I binged watched it on WatchABC.com for all episodes up to episode 6 and it would not let me watch 6 until 10 days later since it had just showed on the 13th.  I could not wait, so I paid to watch episode 6 on Amazon.  It was great!!! Worth the money to just be up to date on what is happening and now I definitely want to see the ending of this first season.There are so many questions still to be answered.  I just hope it does not end like Lost because I felt Lost left a lot unanswered after I had invested all that time bing watching its many seasons over several weekends! Anyway, Resurrection is definitely a good tv series and worth  anyone's time.
I have really enjoyed season 3, all the actors really play their role well.  I am amazed as to how they draw their audience in and keep our attention.  My favorite show.
I enjoyed the first episode (pilot) of Chuck when it first aired on NBC. I became a fan and watched it until the show ended. Season one was one of the best seasons and I am glad I own it.
How can you go wrong with a series starring Kevin Bacon!The writing and acting are well done..............Agent Hardy vs. Joe Carroll.James Purefoy (honestly he looked familiar but I was not aware of him) plays the character of Joe Carroll perfectly. A seemingly brilliant professor who just happens to be a serial killer with a cult following.Glad they picked it up for another season!
The first season hooked me!  The second season was better than the first!  The characters are great, the action is really good, and the plots are good and vary just enough to keep it interesting.  This show is not for the squeamish!  Over 18 only please!
Its hard to get enough of this show. Its not your typical police drama there seems to be a lot more going on. I honestly cant wait for season 2..
I LOVE this show. Wish I could just take off and trap and hunt like Marty, and be like Rich or Dave and be away from annoying people. Rock
I was very surprised by this show.  I am not usually drawn to this type of drama, but this one had a list of characters do satisfy most .  From the cop who had done wrong and banished to Africa. The beautiful woman pilot.  The openly gay.  The dispicable land baron.  Its all there....
I was skeptical of this when it started because I LOVE the BBC Sherlock series and thought this would be a knockoff. It really is a different take on the idea that doesn't (at least in my mind) conflict at all with the BBC version. I love them both and this show is off to a really great start.
Really good start.  I am very interested in seeing these characters develop.  I would love to see this series picked up for an entire season.
I love this show. It never seems to get old. The only problem with this show is that there isn't enough time in 20ish minutes to highlight each of the characters in a given arc. Such is life though I will go on.I have noticed with this last season that the humor is being based more and more on whats going on in previous episodes. It works well if you are a diehard fan like me but trying to watch it with friends for the first time can involve some explanation. As an example when Sheldon goes to Will Wheaton's house to confront him about Amy in the first episode, Sheldon forgets which knock he is on, because he is drunk. Its a really clever sequence but if you hadn't watched the previous seasons it doesn't make any sense that he forgets what knock he is on.No worries for me though I plan to keep on watching.
I am watching the development of the story line and the characters.  Wonderful concept.  It peaks interest in American history.
I've been watching this series nearly straight through with some breaks.  Fast paced and Jennifer Garner really shines in all of her disguises and talents be it kickboxing, singing, acting.  Quite an amazing actress.
I just recently discovered this show . I have seen several past episodes on daytime TV. So, I decided to start acquiring seasons when I came across them at a reasonable price - new or used. I found this Sixth Season at a great NEW price. So a good addition to my DVD TV Library.  I've found a few others 'on sale'. This way I can see the early episodes/seasons and  how the characters have grown through the years. Cool
I loved this show.........this one & bosch are tops are my fav's :) m  this show kept me wanting more.........u cant leave us hanging on amazon.............please add this season...........I enjoyed the story........kept me wondering which is what a sci fi suspense/mystery show is suppose to do...............enjoyed the characters...........I trust that chris carter will keep us loving this :)
Justified Season Two just keeps getting better.  While Season One left us wanting for more, Season Two delivers.  Raylan takes on the charm of a rattlesnake with a painted face.  Looks are deceiving.  &#34;Only if it's justified,&#34; is Marshal Givens reason for giving lead poisoning to some ne'er-do-well.The acting is top notch.  As a viewer it's easy to forget it is all written and scripted.  Timothy Olyphant just has that feel of truly being a U.S. Marshal.  Heck, watch him in Deadwood, the character is different -- or is it?
Awesome awesome show
I ran across this show purely accidently.  It is a great show, and was a great find.I love the character Longmire.  Great actor.TammyZ
I could care about the characters of the show and that's what usually makes me want to watch. I am also not familiar with any of the actors but it really didn't matter. So we have geeks trying to make it in the start up world of smart phone apps but specifically they are trying to market their social app. I thought it was funny and would be curious how the show's characters progress. Hope this one makes it!
I chose this rating because the pilot was awesome! I'm just barely on episode 5 but it's keeping my attention.
One of the best series ever.  Worth the $ and time I have invested.  Great writing and acting from every cast member.
It's an excellent cartoon for small children (0-5), it has learning activities and developes math skills and it's bilingual !!
Cosmic Journeys offers viewers with an open mind both scientific  facts, and the latest theories in cosmic evolution. My mind  runs away and ponders how it all began leaving starving for more information.
WHEN THIS PROGRAM FIRST CAME OUT ON THE TV, I WAS NOT TOO SURE ABOUT IT.  ONCE I STARTED WATCHING IT, I WAS HOOKED.  NOW THE 4TH SEASON IS ON TV SO I WILL WATCH THIS TO REVIEW THIS SEASON BEFORE I WATCH THE NEW ONE.
I love Harvey!  then Donna then Mike then Rachel then Louis then Jessica.  What an entertaining show.  No one better even THINK of cancelling this show...or I'll sic Harvey on them!
I'm so hooked on every episode of Falling Skies and I just finished all the Season and I wish that there was more!  Very good story line and lots of action and great acting.
This is a tough drama with many twists of fate. It has a driving sense of &#34;what will happen this time&#34;.  Not the best view to end the evening.
Great show.  Tim Allen can always be counted on to give a good performance.  They chose a good supporting cast for this show.  Most shows are funny but some do get into serious subjects as well.  It centers around Tim Allen's character and his family, which consists of three daughters and a wife.  He works at an big outdoor store, with a couple of funny co-workers.  So between the home life and the work life it makes for a different set of laughs.  Check it out.  You'll enjoy it I'm sure.
Life is complicated. This story line is clever and serves that  truth well.I like the idea that Angels can be like ordinary, overworked people.The character Holly Hunter portrays is &#34;Grace&#34; itself. She is her own worst enemy, drinking and sleeping with various people, yet committing her precious time on earth to bringing justice to, and for those who have been wronged.In spite of her endless rotations of addiction to work, sex and alcoholic drink, she makes deep commitments to her detective team, so they may help serve justice to victims of life and circumstance.Then along comes an Ordinary Angel that attempts to open the window to Grace's soul. The question becomes; will Grace respond to the bumbling ways of the Angel and find a way to save herself?  Cool ideas!
Best new comedy sitcom I've seen in yrs! So cute and funny and clever. I watch and rewatch every episode and still laugh out loud each time!
I am an old fan of the original series that first started watching in the mid to late 70's in the USA. I was heartbroken when the Doctor Who series was taken off the air for good back in the late 80's. My  children were starting to grow up with it by then. I was never able to see the Movie made in the 90's to bring it back but . . . have not been at all disappointed by this re-introductions to the series. The second session is just as much a hit as the first with me. A new Doctor with a new persona but with all the &#34;old&#34; to go with it. Whether this is the first time you have watched Doctor Who or you are an old fan like me, you will be swept away by the &#34;Mad Man in the Blue Box.&#34;
When is season three going to start I want more I look forward to seeing this show so keep them coming awesome cast.
I liked this season just as much as the first season. It was great! Keep it up. We all have our favorite people on the show, but regardless its great their family is so tight knit. That is something for us all to make happen.
Very crude/dry. If you're not put off my profanity or &#34;dirty&#34; humor and own dogs, you (probably) won't be disappointed.
Just simply a super cool series! We have enjoyed all the twists, good writing can't wait for the finale, but will miss the show.
I hope this show is continued past season 1, the plot and actors are great and I recommend it highly.
Bob's Burgers is hilarious, unpredictable, and unexpectedly character-driven. The original music is awesome, and I just love the entire Belcher family. It's smart, though a little silly sometimes (which I love). Great combination of wit and fart humor.
Having seen necessary roughness, a now cancelled USA show that was very similar to this, I know how quickly the writing for a show like this can turn lazy. I am hopeful that, if given a full order, this series can avoid that. While everything here is very by the numbers, the casting and humor were phenomenal. Natalie Zea is an incredible actress with extraordinary ranger. One of her best performances, in my opinion, was as Winona in the near flawless series Justified, where she transcended the &#34;bitter ex&#34; role and became a fan favorite. She showed off her acting chops and more impressively her knack for dry wit, that will serve her well here.A big plus here is the pilot was fun and enjoyable, a simple thing that many shows lately can't seem to get right. I see great things in this show future, and can't wait to see what happens next.
You will like this season, do you hear me. By the way , how much did your shoes cost? Ha, Ha.
Have transitioned from Sherlock Holmes novels to following Benedict Cumberbatch  which led me to this film. So engaging you hang on to every word and nonverbal cue. Well written plot and character development for the most critical viewer, and Cumberbatch and fellow actors are superb. Now, to the story line...you will think twice about Facebook, Snowden and the NSA...ignorance is not bliss.
The basic idea is that Mike Ross (Patrick J. Adams) is faking a background as a Harvard Law graduate in a prestige NYC law firm.  He is able to bring this off with the help of a Sr, Partner in the firm, Harvey Specter (Gabriel Macht).  The premise is preposterous, No decent firm, much less a high priced Manhattan one, is going to hire an associate without at least a superficial check of his credentials.  Plus before long half of Manhattan seems to know Mike&#8217;s &#8220;secret&#8221;, including the managing partner of the firm (Gina Torres).  This puts her and the Macht character in the position of actively perpetrating a fraud on their million-dollar clients.  Not likely.OK, so why five stars?  Because the acting is noticeably above average especially the three leads and Rick Hoffman as the comic villain (I keep expecting him to say &#8220;Curses, foiled again&#8221;).  The characters are engaging and the writing is usually smart if sometimes silly.  But the shows big secret, I think, is that it maintains a level of dramatic tension and never stops to take a breath.  It is really fun to watch Ross and Specter &#8211; gunfighters hurling through the world of corporate law, firing citations from the hip and dropping arrogant competitors right and left.  It also doesn&#8217;t hurt that most of the employees at the firm look like former calendar models.
The acting and the story line is great!  It keeps you intrigued.  You will enjoy this series which we highly recommend.
I'm hooked.  This is an excellent, funny, romance comedy AND ... it's timeless.  There's very little to the eye that will tell you this was shot in the 90's -- except the &#34;hipster&#34; book publisher's clothing and the gigantic cellphone (which are fun to catch).Come on -- you can't get better acting than that of Dame Judi Dench.  You forget she's acting.  The rest of the cast are also very good and very likeable.  Mainly, it's the story of two long-lost lovers who run into each other many years later and are still attracted to each other, still meant for each other.The humor in getting older is perfect.  The humor in thinking you're still young but everyone else has gotten old, is fun.  The humor in thinking you've gotten too old and everyone else is too young, is fun.  The break down of stereotypes in ageism is fun.  The breakdown of stereotypes in sexism is fun.  The breakdown of stereotypes in who ages worse (men or women) is fun. The breakdown that love is reserved only for the young, is fun.This is just pure delight.I love it and I'm hooked on this series.  I will watch all the seasons and then I'll replay them and watch them over again for free on my Amazon Prime Membership.
The story of the tv show is interesting and it makes you want to find out every detail there is. This is going to be a very good hit tv show and I am looking forward to new episodes....
Love this show.  Can't wait for it to air.  My husband thinks its great too.  Some thing worth watching every week
In spite of the fact that there is not that much variation in characters from one episode to the next, it is such a well-written show, the dialogue is just exceptional and often a whole lotta fun, that I never get tired of it.
I like watching these types of shows. The paranormal has always fascinated me. This show is different because you have a detective researching the gruesome past, getting documented facts and then there is the medium who gets the same information straight from the source (the other side!) It's a new twist on a popular interest, the Supernatural! Plus, I'm traveling across country and a lot of the places they visit, I've been in there. I may have to do a little research myself!
Good writing, good acting, quirky plots. It is campy enough that the absurdity of the story line is hilarious. What's not to like?
***I LOVE THIS SERIES...THE PRODUCTION QUALITY IS OUTSTANDING ...THEIR PROOF IS SUBSTANTIAL AND CLEARLY EXPLAINED AND YEAR AFTER YEAR IT BECOMES MORE AND MORE LIKELY SOME OF US ARE FROM THE STARS...I KNOW I AM...IM THE GHOSTSTAR ORIGINAL !!!*** THEESE STUDIES OF THE ANCIENT ALIEN THERORY ARE MY RELEGION...SOME ONE SHULD START A CHURCH SO WE CAN HAVE IT FUNDED AND RUN TAX FREE !
YGG is the best. Both of my grandkids love it. We have all of the stuffed characters too. Destined to be a childrens classic.
Guys are handsome, work looks superb, show you what's being done, what materials are used, love the laughter, love the design piece, shopping for the products, meeting the client...just all of it.
I had missed the first 3 episodes  of season 3 of justified. (in 2012) So I watched them on amazon.com instant video this year (2013). the cost is high though. 2.00 for a hd episode is enough imo. And they make you pay 3.00 for a hd ep instead.  Still I had to go back and watch these eps as I am a fan of this modern western. This show is critically acclaimed and the third season had a great story arc concerning the Dixie mafia trying to take over Harlan country and the hapless Dickie Bennet trying to get his mom's money back. And of course everyone else trying to get it too. The second season arc was all about the Bennet clans efforts to be crime lords so that ties into that series as well.  The third season was probably the best so far, although the fourth is just about as good imo. The picture on the instant video looks outstanding too.
This show is so addicting. The guys in the show are the best. My family we make bets to see who will get the units. I just wish they would show more of the items that they get in the units that they buy.
This isn't the smartest Sci Fi show ever made. The performances aren't the best acting to be found, the stories aren't the most intelligent or inspired...but I love this show. It's fun and easy to just watch with your brain turned off. All the critiques on specific actors and the writer's choices regarding them are 100% correct. But you can just watch this similar to reading a comic book, turn off your brain and have some fun.
This series was originally suggested by a friend.  I found myself hooked after the first episode.  It's a totally unique premise about aliens invading our society and the repercusions associated with both 'good' and 'bad' alien influence.  The action and all around 'feel' of this series is excellent.  I appreciated the character development and interactions of the people starring in this series. I also appreciated the minimal special abilities of the aliens.  I find it to be very believeable.  Highly recommended series.
This is actually a pretty funny series. My wife turned me into it. Its about a group of close friends. Its funny and I would recommend it if you a fan of comedy TV shows. You should give it a try you want be disappointed
My husband got me interested in the Archer series and it was only natural that we checked out season 3 together. There are 13 crazy and interesting episodes during this season.  My husband's favorite characters are Archer, Cheryl, and Lana.  I can see why he enjoys all three. This is because each of them have quirky but fascinating personality characteristics.  My favorite characters are Pam and Mallory (Archer's mother). The episodes that I liked the most are "The Man From Jupiter", "Crossing Over", and "Space Race:Part 2." "Archer Season 3" is great for those who like animated adult cartoons with daring themes.
Missed an episode a while back and that is not acceptable in our house. So I bought this to get caught up. Great as always.
She watches it on TV when it is on, and now can be occupied on my Kindle Fire whenever I am watching something else on TV.
This series is soothing; if you want a relaxing enjoyable down to earth country style living this is a great desires to watch. It also is very entertaining. If you  are an older person an lived in times of simple living this is for you!!!
Love the show.  The characters of Holmes and Watson, though a little off beat, are superb.  The fast action keeps you captivated and I wouldn't miss an episode.  Both actors are wonderful.  And I like the fact that the show takes place in the states and that Holmes in no longer an addict.  The show is a wonderful mix of humor and drama.  Well worth the time to watch.
The series is a set of great murder mysteries solved by a Detective who comes from a working class neighborhood where he learned his trade.  He is obviously out of his comfort zone living and working in the world of the privileged and intelligentsia.  His partner has significantly greater education and the two rub raw sometimes but they also compliment each other and together do a great job of solving the impossible cases, at the same time entertaining us very well.
Heart pounding, serious twists, and each character is a top 10.  The Swed is an astounding actor ! Who new when he started as the accountant etc. that he would excel from his evil deeds into so much more!  Music is fabulous! Common and Anson Mount are so interesting but I fell in love with Lily Bell (Dominique McElligott).  Tom Noonan as Reverend Cole was a most believable actor.  I didn't think a lot about Colm Meaney - I kept seeing him in Star Trek. That and he was just so gross in Hell on Wheels. ---oh well you just can't love them all, but this show certainly tries.  I have the 3rd season inked in my calendar for August.
Really good show with an interesting plot line. Definitely applies to what I am interested. Any Sci Fi theme I am hooked. Cannot wait for season 2!
Wonderful show, especially if you're a Broadway musical fan.  Lots of singing and dancing, not to mention great plots.  Katherine McPhee is beautiful, talented, and the show is worth watching just because of her.
THIS show is fun to watch for the entire family,teaches our our younger generations how things used to be,when the guys find old hidden treasures from the past..these &#34;pickers&#34; are not afraid to get their hands dirty,sometime s climbing through piles of storages things,to find a &#34;honey hole&#34;of special items from America's past.They travel America's back roads,again teaching us all what great country we live in.
Realistic and very well written and the actors are superb in creating their characters. Also, as I said there are no special effects. Very realistic.
I loved this season and am looking forward to watching more.  Love Judi Dench--she is marvelous in everything.  I will recommend to my friend, Barbara--I know she will also like it.
I've loved this show from the first episode of the first season. It takes true genius to make a viewer root for a villain. Of course, now Walt has totally lost sight of his original goal, and I don't think anyone is on his side! After all of the dirty deeds he's committed, he can't simply go back to living a normal life. This first episode of Season 6 proves that.He tries to quietly leave the fast-paced, unpredictable drug dealing life he's created, but now his brother-in-law Hank has learned of his true involvement. To say Hank is pissed would be an understatement. He punches Walt in the jaw and basically gets buck wild on him. At first, Walt tries to deny the accusation that he's really Heisenberg, but when Hank keeps pushing, Walt tells him he'd better tread lightly!Also, Walt's partner in crime, Jesse is having a melt-down. He wants nothing more to do with the millions of dollars in cash he has laying around in duffle bags. He refers to it as drug money (hence the name of this episode - Blood Money). So, he roams the streets in his car tossing out bundles of cash to people in disadvantaged neighborhoods. His progression from small-time hood to big-time gangster back to contrite criminal is an amazingly wild ride. I almost feel sorry for him. Almost.I'd always believed that Walt would end up going to prison and possibly dying there trying to run his business from behind bars. But now that his Cancer is back and he's left the drug game, there could be a different ending. I'm excited to see how this last season will progress. The acting is superb and the plot is always fresh. In my opinion, this is the second-best show on TV, right behind The Walking Dead. AMC has some talented writers. I've been watching Breaking Bad, TWD, Hell on Wheels, and now I just started watching Low Winter Sun - which follows Breaking Bad. I hope it's just as good. If you haven't seen this series, give it a chance. It's a hell of a show.
Love this show also, I shouldn't have to explain why all the time 5 stars says it all and that's enough.
The guys of Ghost Adventures remain passionate about the paranormal and yes, they get excited but it all adds to the enjoyment. They are occasionally extremely intense but they do get results by invoking the time using re-enactment, music of the era, costumes or trigger objects with meaning to the spirits they are trying to contact.I admire their dedication and persistence and their willingness to try all sorts of methods or equipment to see what works.In this series of the show they have gone to some unique locations and yes, they have some impressive evidence - if you're a believer or not it's still a fascinating show.
I know they have had plenty of family dramas over the years but this one looks like it could be truly good, none of the characters bothered me to watch and the acting was very good. I also enjoyed the slight twists you see in each of the people's lives and I am excited to see more of that, it is nice to see an almost honest look most shows have either grazed to lightly or made it to over the top when it comes to topics that are uncomfortable for most people but I saw a lot of things that peaked my interest
Love this show.  I like stephen king stories, so I knew this would be great.  It is a good mix of sci fi, drama, action, and mystery.  The cast is ok, and a few of them shine.  Can't wait for season 2.
The DVD arrived on time and is in great condition.  I would recommend this seller and definitely use again.
If I was asked who i would be if I could come back again, I have to say Poirot! He's like that bright star that shines from the night sky, always there and always shining bright in every way!
The second season of Alphas strayed off course a bit with the violence and government heavy-handedness taking over.  It's still a fine show, but I would like to see less violence and guns going off.
Once again, as with all the previous seasons, Jack Bauer and 24 never leaves you disappointed. This is the best show to ever hit television. It is action packed from start to finish and always keeps you guessing what's going to happen next. Absolutely love this show!!!
I just couldn't wait to watch it, I don't know, when I saw couple of episodes on TV I was like "nothing special", but when I decided to give it a shot and start from the beggining....LOL I just fell in love with it. So after 2 seasons I was completly addicted to it. Season 3 is as funny as previous ones, lots of my favourite characters (of course Logan and Veronica:)) I also liked the previev episode of season 4..but I don't know if the season 4 was actually made or if the series was already cancelled:(( What a schame it would be, really great thing to watch:))I enjoy getting new dvd's to my collection like Veronica enjoys the thought about getting a PONY:)))I think this caracter is very funny-I WONT MORE VERONICA MARS PLEASE !!!! Whoever is in charge PLS!!!
It took a while for Justified season 4 to become available  for free for Amazon Prime subscribers -- so now I can finally get back to where season 3 left off. So far this latest season has NOT disappointed -- still interesting, stories still engrossing. Can still highly recommend Justified.
As I watched the weekly episodes, i didn't think I liked this series as well as the first 4, especially the first 3, but I did a marathon watch of all released episodes and found it much more cohesive than I though. I like Ava's story, but hope she's not forced to kill anyone or get killed (please don't let her get killed). I'm enjoying the Crowe family's interactions with Boyd and Boyd as usual if always entertaining. Raylan seems a little sad this year, but I think that may be inevitable as the character ages and passes from the golden gunslinger to a still powerful but more humbled, slightly grayer, man. It might be even a sort of maturity -- something which separates him from of the outlaws.
I was initially drawn into this series by the &#34;gimiicks&#34; (the &#34;artifacts,&#34; Tesla Gun, and other weird contrivances).  It took a while to appreciate the characters, the actors who portrayed them, and the usually humorous interactions between them. The whole series needs to watched once for the action and plot development, then again, for the excellent character nuances given by the actors and actresses.
if you haven't seen the following yet, this is a perfect candidate for your binge-watchin pleasure. a compelling and well written series with excellent actors. this show is a treat!
Well congrats to the all the couples on the show! Finally right?!!!! LolAnyway you start to see how all the couples are doing in their relationships and how each partner is growing as a person. You're also going to learn about Jenna and specifically when it comes to Matty. That's all I'm going to say because I can't say anything else without ruining it but if you've gotten this far, continue I say.Good luck hope this helps!
This was a very good pilot.  I liked the story line and the character development.  It seems like a show that would continue to be interesting to a wide variety of people.  I'd watch more episodes for sure.
After watching four seasons of "The Office", what I was consistently amazed at was the show's ability to stray away from the formula in order to cultivate new territory. For example, during a large portion of the third season Jim and Pam (the emotional backbone of the show) are separated and lose that incredible chemistry. However, that separation ends up bringing in the Andy Bernard character, who has been a wonderful addition to the show.This fifth season did much of the same. It started off great, especially when Michael Scott finds a new employee, Holly, who catch match him step for step in the craziness department. Each episode contains at least one absolutely hilarious moment (and some come once every few seconds!), even despite the fact that the "same old" cast is back again. However, as the seasons approaches roughly the 2/3rds mark, there are some major changes that take place, primarily for Michael and Pam Beasley. This creates a run of 5-6 episodes that, to be honest, just aren't as hilariously funny as the rest of them (as Jim Halpert's character cannot hold the show in lieu of Michael).However, as they so often do, the writers take that disturbing change and eventually make it work out for the better, as the emotional sides of many of "The Office" workers are touched on more than ever before, what with all the changes occurring. When the show finally gets back to its original pattern/format, it feels like slipping into that old familiar spot on the couch again...you might take it for granted while you have it, but removing it from your life will just want it back that much more!Thus, I once again give this season of "The Office" my highest approval for its ability to be incredibly funny and still develop characters in a meaningful way.
I avoided watching this show for months because I thought it would be really cheesy. But it's actually fantastic. I'm kind of a chicken when it comes to horror but I love the special effects and the edge of your seat scary moments in this show. The characters are well written and acted (and exactly hard on the eyes either). The story lines, drama and relationships are some of my favorites on TV right now.
This show has everything:  grit, realism, great character development, good stories, really good acting.  I miss Kyra Sedgewick, but this is an outstanding series.
Doc McStuffins is a favorite of my 3 yo.  This is perfect, no complaints.  good graphics too........I recommend.  We watch this on the Kindles Fire HD
We've been looking for crime lords in all the wrong places! They're up country in their cabins selling their 'stuff' to penniless neighbors! The Marshal is coming to get them. I dearly love this series...
I do not watch many series over again after finishing them, but this one is one of the few that I find myself drawn to from time to time. I think the series itself is entertaining, but more importantly I enjoy the ending. I think the best stories end on an open-ended good note, because it seems like the characters could still be alive somewhere in your imagination. I think a lot of stories look too much at making an edgy or new ending and that in doing so, many fail to make a good story. I think this show is the perfect example of how a well-done story can enhance (and make exciting) a "predictable" good ending. This is one of my favorite series to watch, but it is my personal favorite as far as how they ended the series. The series has enjoyable characters, the main cast are all likable, and I find the Buddhist concepts to be an interesting step away from the norms in regard to the philosophies on life that the main character has. Some may not like it because he does not follow his own philosophy to the tee, but I think that makes the series better, because it shows that people are imperfect. The thing that makes the main character likable is that he knows he's imperfect, but obviously is trying to improve himself and his quality of well-being to the extent that anyone can.I would recommend the series, and I know I'll be watching it again.
Once I had watched the first season, this was a must purchase.  The action (although a little different dynamic from season one) continues along with the character's complicated relationships that make good TV.
I do like police procedurals and Southland has interesting characters, lots of action, and appears realistic although we know it isn't.  Way too much action!
Father Brown exhibited self-restraint when confronted with ill-mannered or arrogant persons.  His quiet, calm demeanor was pleasant to watch.  Would have enjoyed seeing more of his detective friend.
These guys try really hard to scratch up gold so they can give their families a better life.  The problem is their luck is not very good, and they don't act as though they don't how to work when they have a crisis everything seems to come to a halt.
I love the Falling Skies show.  I am so glad it is not on Fox, or the big 3 because it would have been canceled because I love it so much.  Noah is a first rate actor and the rest of the cast really work well together.  Combine that with great writing and believable effects, it's a show that should last many seasons.
My 2 year old is so crazy for this show. His love for it has infected all of us, including his teenage brother! Keep'em coming!
It wasn't what I at first expected, and actually was better than I hoped for.  It is entertaining to explore the concept of Travelers interacting with whatever they call everyone else...Take it for entertainment value, not a lesson about society and you will enjoy this series.
I was at the edge of my seat from the first episode until the last.  Drama, drama and more drama, the entire cast makes this season worth watching.
I am older and grew up with the original,needless to say Star Trek is a huge part of my life.When this one came out - I admit I was sceptical, but it held it's ground.People say it's rehashed, - maybe in a small way, let's keep in mind it IS Star Trek and changing it 360 wouldn't make it Star Trek.I've friends that don't like it because it has different actors, I find that to be really, really lame.Not only are most of them dead or too old to act, but if you want to move on things have to change, after all that is what life is all about and I am grateful to J.J.Abrams for keeping it going.They will ease into their own I am sure and am looking forward to it.I hope they keep all the same actors, specially Zachary Quinto - he is the perfect double.They could not have found a better actor for Spock , he is perfect for the part.While I love all the original actors and stories - I am glad that Star Trek lives on.If People talk about Star Trek - it is because it was an extraordinary idea, one that is still valid today, and none of the Actors ( past or present) will ever be forgotten.It's a legacy that I am all too willing to support, Live long and prosper!
This is the final season of the guardian and it was very enjoyable. I think there were a few times where it appeared more story would emerge but then nothing more was heard. Nick's character was maddening at times for his refusal to open up and actually speak to Lulu. But it was certainly in keeping with his character.It was a thoroughly enjoyable show.
I was stunned when the episode ended. I totally forgot that I was  watching a pilot and went to play the next episode.Looking forward to the series and definitely hope it won't take long.I would have paid to watch this in a theater but it's even better because I'm in the comfort of my home.
Im not the biggest sci-fi person but these show is amazing and one of my favorites, great cast and story. I always look forward to new episodes
Sorry it ended. Enjoyed it very much. The actors and writers were very entertaining. Wish there was another season to see.
I liked  this series a lot. It's too bad it was canceled. I thought it was interesting and entertaining I am glad the woman who played the mother V is now on Homeland.
Love the Big Bang Theory!  So handy to have a couple of episodes downloaded on my kindle for when I travel
I watched the entire Season 1 over a period of a few days.  The sound and picture quality were excellent.  The show is the best thing I've seen since those great years of &#34;24&#34;.  The characters are well-developed, and I find myself occasionally rooting for the Communists only because I want the &#34;married&#34; couple to be happy.  Ha!  I would give it more stars if there were any on the rating chart.
I didn't care too much about Green Arrow before this show started. I don't know that I do care about him in other media, but with this show I care completely. The introduction of Deathstroke, Flash and so many other characters made the second season a thrill. Even my wife loved it, not just because of Steven Amell's abs.
More interesting topics are discussed in this season, like break ups and other things that all teens go through.  I'd recommend it if you've got the other five seasons under your belt.
Each episode is full of surprises, thus it was very difficult to quit watching. I was never be a fan of &#34;24&#34; before I start watching over Amazon Prime. Now, I love it. After finishing Season 6, I have reverted back to Season 1 and am still enchanted.
Just finished season one and started season two. Was convinced to try watching by my daughter. She was right it is addictive! ( no pun intended)
Certainly among the top 5 sci-fi pieces I've ever seen. Ranks with 'Fringe' for instance. Keep um coming. This is a movie buff's dream.
I first heard about the Oak Island &#34;Money Pit&#34; back in the 70's , probably on In Search Of.  It's a fascinating story. Is the treasure the lost treasure of the Knights Templar?  Pirate booty? The lost works of Shakespeare?  2 brothers are determined to find out.  The show is very enjoyable and the obstacles they face are very challenging but they have made some interesting discoveries so far. I'll be interested to see what else they find.
Daria was one of the most witty and intelligent shows on the air back in the late 90s. I'd recommend this to anyone that grew up with a bit of an sideways look at high school.
Awesomely written and presented.  This is so hilarious, I laughed until my sides hurt.  You have to love and appreciate the humor from a dry perspective.  I still cannot get enough.
This show is so cute. Love the actors. a perfect match! Almost caught up to current season... Clean show, few inuendo's but its a funny show..Love it!!!
I grew up during the ColdWar. We studied about this type of Soviet activity in the US. Makes one wonder if he had ever met any Soviet mole. I find the acting engaging. The characters are very believable and interesting. The two main characters seem to have a soul.
These specials are fun and a great filler that helps answer a few of the questions about gaps in the regular series. Love the Dr.
Just, how screwed up can one family be?  This documentary seems to portray a fictional family, that is routinely involved with every degrading, unscrupulous, vindictive, vile, inhumane and disgusting trait that anyone can possess - but it's real!  You can't call this extended family &#34;the other half&#34; because &#34;the other half&#34; could never conceive of a lifestyle that barely hangs onto the threads of our collective humanity.  The Whites are, however, such an interesting and unusual mix that I was entertained, beyond belief.  I'm not particularly a Johnny Knoxville (Jackass Movies) fan but this documentary certainly kept my attention.
Fun show. Nice alternative look at lawyers that's not realistic but lighter and less serious than other law shows. First two seasons on netflix instant
This is one of the best series I have ever watched with interesting, quirky, characters and a very good story line. Good writers and a top notch leading star kept this misfit marshal returning to my living room season after season.
This is a well written show.  I die laughing at almost every episode.  The writers did a great job of melding all of the dysfunctional characters together.  A must watch.
I love this show because how the story context of &#34;Sherlock Holmes&#34; is blended into the modern version in the U.S. atmosphere. Weird may be, but it worked because the actors did a fantastic job in &#34;drawing&#34; audience like me into following this show. I am an avid fan of this show. I still enjoyed watching this show to this day.
Full of twists and turns! I love that there is a new surprise each episode! Really enjoying this season a lot!
This show is a knee slapper. Takes me back to yester year. I have actually worn clothes like in the show. I hope this show continues for years to come.
Awesome stop motion animation makes this unique compared to the other pilots. So long as this is a completely done that way this is a winner .
Great new series from BBC.  I'm glad someone decided to finally make a show about post-Civil War America-this set in New York City...fantastic period and location for good drama.
I love lucy! I have watched her since I was knee high to a grasshopper. She is the epitome of amazing, great and hilarious comedy. She is ageless! I love every one of her episodes.
Tons of great information and topics.  Very informative and interesting.  The episode on dental care was a real eye opener.
Being an Anglophile, I loved Inspector Morse and Inspector Lewis is continuing the tradition. The plots are interesting and revolve around Oxford and Cambridge - England, that is.I love seeing the town, hearing the wonderful music and meeting the weird academics. English culture and wonderful accents. Just sit back and enjoy - not terribly complicated or thought-provoking but fun.
It's longer than a normal short- just over 20 minutes. The story line centers on Rosetta and Chloe. Chloe has been training for the Pixie Hollow Games. Rosetta is terrified of dirt, ironic considering she is a garden fairy. Rosetta gets over her fear when Rumble basically said she needs to go back to just being pretty. This was a good natured show in the spirit of all the other Disney Fairies stories. I wasn't sure how I would like this one, but I'm glad I saw it because I actually really liked it a lot. If your family is a fan of the Disney Fairies franchise, this is definitely for you!!
At a time when it seems that HBO and Showtime are the only networks to push the boundaries of traditional broadcast shows, Amazon steps up HUGE with Transparent... It possesses a true feeling of &#34;genuine&#34; that far too often is lost with gimmicks and plots that must &#34;appeal to the masses...&#34;It will truly be a sad day if another episode of this show is not created...Truly, one word can sum this up, &#34;Brilliant.&#34;
This one looks like a lot of fun.  I like all of the characters and I can definitely see me rooting for the QB and the owner to get together at some point.
Many years ago, I watched Doctor Who on PBS when I could, but I lost track of The Doctor when I moved to Arkansas in 1992.Now that I've got Amazon Prime, I'm delighted to see that they have many seasons of Doctor Who, both original and rebooted series.I decided to watch the reboots first, and I'm enjoying them as much as I remember enjoying the older doctors.Though the doctors change, and the companions change, I like the way that it happens logically. I better understand how and why The Doctor regenerates, and I even understand how each of the Time Lords (back where there were more than one) chose their names, as our multiply-lived &#34;The Doctor&#34; chose his.I like the way that the producers and writers found creative ways to keep bringing back the various bad guys, and I like the way that some of the so-called villains are not always villainous, but merely seeing life from a different perspective.The nice thing about the Specials is that they have extra time to spend on the story, and in the case of the David Tennant Specials, there are &#34;Making Of&#34; episodes that are about as long as the episodes themselves.While it isn't necessary to watch the seasons and specials in any particular order, you can find complete listings of the episodes online.The copy I found shows this order for the reboot:Reboot Season One: 9th doctorReboot Season 2-3-4: 10th doctorDavid Tennant Specials: 10th doctorReboot Season 5: 11th doctorSpecial: A Christmas CarolReboot Season 6: 11th doctorSpecial: The Doctor, the Widow and the WardrobeReboot Season 7: part one (5 episodes)Special: The SnowmenReboot Season 7: part two (8 episodes)and of course, there are also Special Specials that do not fit anywhere in the timeline aboveDW: Best of the DoctorsDW: Best of the MonstersDW: Best of the CompanionsDW: Best of the Christmas SpecialsDW: The CompanionsIf you enjoy time travel, sci fi, fantasy, or just plain fun, try Doctor Who?John
I discovered during this seasons The Walking Dead and Sons of Anarchy that ITunes had the latest episode online hours before Amazon. For Vikings, it's stretching into days, not hours. Amazon, why is it that others can provide streaming service so much faster than you? I'm growing very discouraged with Amazon's inability to make the latest episodes of my favorite shows available in a timely manner.Five Stars for Vikings. One for Amazon :p
I love English detective shows!  Gives an insight into how the English live.  Most of Detective Lewis' episodes occur right on the campus of Oxford University. So enlightening!
Extremely informative and captivating. You get a &#34;glimpse&#34; of what goes on behind the scenes in our government. True or not - I'll leave that up to you?
I was a little skeptical about The Legend of Korra, but as a fan of the first, I couldn't resist to watch.  I initially thought it started slowly, but perhaps that was with my skeptical eyes wanting it to not be as good as Team Ang.  Nonetheless, I was hooked and, more importantly, impressed.  The writers/creators have somehow managed to use the same charm as the first one -- through its excellent writing, humor, and nice animation (even better).  I also feel it's a little more grown-up, which is great because it recognizes that its original fan base has also grown up, making it very relevant.  The last few episodes were epic.  I need to re-watch the last one ... right now!
Monk's 7th is just as hilarious and entertaining as the previous seasons. Adrian Monk is still miserable and continues to help Captain Stottlemeyer and Disher with solving murders, with the help of his devoted Assistant, Natalie. Monk is forced to find a new therapist because Dr. Kroger has died. Throughout this season Monk matches wits with a chess player, helps a boxer, gets stuck on a submarine underwater, meets his other brother, fights City Hall, and much more. I highly recommend MONK: SEASON SEVEN!!!
I missed the last season or two of 24 so there is a little bit of not knowing what some of the references are about, but the action starts quite quickly and one cannot help be drawn into the Jack Bauer character&#8217;s adventures again.
I look forward to each episode.  The main plot is usually quite complicated and the side plot with the romantic stuff is pretty well done. I enjoy it all. I also enjoyed seasons 1 and 2.
Is very entertaining. I am a ScyFy junky and this is perfect.Both human and android are perfect team.  And Funny.The humor is there, plus interesting plot-storyline.My favorite show this season.  me want MORE.
It's a shame that there are so many addicts that there needs to be a reality show about them. I am forever ashamed at how self absorbed so many of them are!
Seasons one through six are my very favorite because they were able to weave in some sly humor and there was a great supporting cast.  These earlier seasons are far superior to the later seasons (9-12) which do not include the supporting cast or delicate innuendos that make Poirot so memorable.  And yet they are all good.  It is just that seasons one through six are great.
If you aren't a fan of the first movie then stop reading this and move on because this review is for people that liked the first one. I dunno where to start. The first one I thought was fantastic and this one is even better even though now there is only 4 stories but they are done so well and I'm very pleased with them all. I will say the last 2 segments I think are the best of em. Yes this is an expensive rental but it is so worth it and you need to check this out like now.
I love this series!  This season gives us a little more about the world of Ooo and lots more fun.
This griping premiere season has a good story, actors/actresses to carry the main plot (principle case) to its suspenseful conclusion, and film direction that continue to compel my interest in every season. Glen Close is a ruthless and stalwart prosecuting attorney that is &#34;everyman's&#34; advocate. Her co-star, Rose Byrnes, does a splendid job of being her &#34;assistant&#34;. However, good people are hurt in the &#34;process&#34;; the ends just may justify her methods.
We love watching this show. You learns something new about antiques and see what people have collected in their attics or cellars ~ that are worth some money! Makes you wish you'd kept some of those old items you tossed years ago :)
The close of WWII (~1945) marked the time the J N*w W*rld Ord*r took complete control of the U.S. government. After the cover-up and murder by US government agents of all witnesses of the Kennedy assassination, US citizens began to realize they could not trust this totally corrupt entity. They think like lawyers (and most of them are)...if there are no witnesses, then IT didn't happen! We now live in a JNWO police state, with the dept of HS and the p*triot act having taken away the last vestiges of Constitutional rights for the average American citizen! This in-depth documentary of TWA flight 800, which deals specifically only with REAL EVIDENCE and REAL EYEWITNESS TESTIMONY, shows us who these aliens really are who control our totally corrupt government! Corrupt testimony of outright lies by the NTSB, the F*I and C*A (all corrupt governmental agencies of the JNWO federal government) displays one of the most blatant and disgusting cover-ups in the history of the United States! Normally they would just murder all witnesses, as they did in the Kennedy assassination. However with 200 plus witnesses this was not feasible, although the F*I did directly threaten each witness and tell them to remain silent! They just refused to let any of them testify! Incredibly the film does not discuss WHY this attack happened, as it would just be conjecture. It is fact that THREE missiles were fired at Flight 800. If only ONE had been fired, one could possibly take this as a military accidental foul-up! This happened in the Middle East when a civilian airliner was mistaken for a military target. But THREE missiles were fired at and tracked F800 and all three exploded, bringing the plane down in a fireball. So in other words it was not accidental, but intentional (first-degree murder). The film does not go beyond this point. Two missiles CAME OUT OF THE OCEAN (i.e. submarine-fired missiles) and one originated ON THE SURFACE (ship), so this was under a US military command structure and therefore had to come from the very highest level of American government. WHY? The JNWO-controlled US government routinely assassinates hundreds of people every day it considers subversive to its total control. Why would they have to blow a plane out of the air? The only answer is that the suspected victim who was on the flight had information which was detrimental to corrupt governmental/military function and was not stopped before he/she boarded. One of the Airport movies concerning the Concord covers this very scenario! Three missiles? Whatever this person was carrying was of catastrophically paramount importance, because they made damn sure the plane came down! When the military/government murder citizens by accident or because they are in a blast zone, they are referred to as "collateral damage". And they have no remorse. For five years they covered this up, lied and gave false testimony to the public; and the JNWO-controlled American media was right there spewing out the lies and disinformation/propaganda. The present totally-corrupt US government REALIZES that NO ONE believes anything they say or do anymore...and of course they do not care. They have no credibility left and never will they recover it!
After finishing The Walking Dead season 4, I needed something else to entertain my twisted mind. Hannibal is perfect. Although the show is filmed in color, the colors are cold shades that evoke black and white. The main characters play flat and emotionless, but the actors faces convey much going on below the service. The grisily scenes are shocking but also strangely disconnected as well. Even when one of the main characters confronts the very real possibility of dying, their emotions afterwards are kept in check. In many ways the script makes the characters out to be bloodless, soulless academic elite types; doctors, psychiatrists, forensic specialists and Police Brass. Overall, I look forward to this counterpoint to TWD, where emotion is subdued rather than on the surface. Where every sentence or conversation can have a myriad of meanings as opposed to simply surviving. I recommend you watch the first episode and you'll get hooked.
Unlike previous seasons in which each episode was a new mission, this season brings the long, continuing story of how Henry Wilcox, previous DCS of the CIA who was imprisoned for treason regains power, plants half-truths about current CIA officials and agents and causes career problems for many, murders operatives and generally proves himself to be evil, and the way in which Agent Walker goes about trying to bring him to justice. Both new and old characters appear and some become disliked, either immediately or eventually. As one character says, it's amazing that so many secrets are leaked and spread within a spy agency. There's even a new baby introduced into the Campbell family. There are lots of scenes in foreign lands so it's almost like getting a travel show added to the plot line. Bottom line: I hope there really is an Annie Walker working for our side. (And I hope Season 5 will make it to Amazon Prime very soon!)
Herccule never disappoints withnhis &#34;little grey cells&#34; but I love watching the settings which are put together with such care as to be as close as possible to the real thing.  The clothes,hair, trains, cars, jewelry--all are perfect.
I'm hooked.  Vera is so quirky you never know what she'll say next.  She has a hunk of a side kick, the scenery is amazing and the whole thing is done very well.
The idea of meeting your own doppelg&auml;nger or clone has been explored in movies many times before, one of the most current being the excellent thriller "Enemy" from earlier this year. But that's certainly not the first time that the concept has been delved into with some of the more popular examples being 1988's "Dead Ringers" and the Oscar-winning "Adaptation" from 2002. Each film that has touched on the subject manages to be completely different from one another, and they all seem to have their own agendas. But a new flick that may be a bit harder to figure out is Richard Ayoade's darkly-funny "The Double".Set in what appears to be the near future, it follows a lonely government clerk named Simon (Jesse Eisenberg) whose unpleasant life is made worse by the arrival of a new co-worker who is both his exact physical double and his opposite in personality. Much more confident and charismatic, he begins to take advantage of Simon and slowly take control of his life.With an astounding performance from Eisenberg playing both of the contrasting characters (his scenes primarily consisting of lengthy monologues) the film has a sort of Hitchcockian feel to it. The cinematography is breathtaking and its style is well-refined making it easy to get yourself lost in it. Plus, due to the great supporting cast - Craig Roberts, Chris O'Dowd, and Wallace Shawn - it succeeds in providing subtly comic moments throughout.Challenging your perception of other people and making you think deeply about what makes you unique, it's an absorbing and ultimately satisfying movie experience. It may not be for everyone, but I found "The Double" to be a nice surprise and a break from the normal.
I was at the edge of my seat throughout the entire movie.  Wow!  I am recommending this to others for sure.  It makes you think and it makes one wonder what this world is coming to because of all the crap from various sources polluting this planet.  There are consequences of greed.
I've seen only a handful of movies over the years that have blown me away.  Most of those are now labeled as `classics' in the world of film, and rightfully so; the films in that category are just as visually brilliant as they are in dramatic appeal.  I'm proud to announce EUROPA REPORT should be added to that canon of titles.  This is an amazing film and is a Must See of 2013!One of the aspects that impresses me the most about this film is the attention to actual scientific detail.  The premise of an ocean existing under the ice layer is one that NASA has recently speculated upon and, like one of the scientists in the film states, we (as a species) have always found life where we have found water.  This makes for interesting speculative science and excellent science-fiction.EUROPA REPORT is shot very well and looks visually stunning onscreen.  The CG is integrated flawlessly into the film, giving it a huge boost of credibility and allowing the audience full immersion into the tension.  With broad, vivid depictions of the ship and the planets themselves, the imagery of the film is half the reason to watch it.The taut premise is the other half.  There's plenty of drama to go around in the film, and it starts pretty much from the opening scenes.  Director Sebastian Cordero does a masterful job of blending current story with backstory, and the result is a well thought-out and tightly knit plot.  It never once lags nor strays from where it should go.I LOVED the ending of EUROPA REPORT, and I think it fits perfectly into the film.  I've read other reviews from folks that said they didn't like it, but maybe they didn't understand it.  For me, it sealed the deal on this epic picture.EUROPA REPORT is an amazing spectacle, and I highly recommend it.  Be sure and check it out on Blu-ray to take advantage of the beautiful planetscapes and in-depth details.  There are also a couple of nice Special Features to go along with it, including a behind-the-scenes look at the visual effects.
Emily continues down her path to clear her father's name and is letting nothing get in her way!  One of the better shows on Television!!
the chemistry took a while to develop between the two but they really are a good match. the story lines are also pretty good - not the traditional run of the mill kind of story line.  the side characters, like the plow truck driver, are also a good additions the the episodes.
Love this show, so glad it was on Amazon Prime for free.  I do not have regular TV, just streaming, so it's nice to catch up.
I watched some of this series when it was on TV, but it fell behind my list of other great drama series, mostly because there are so many out there. But, what stood out about this series is that it is beautifully shot and there is great care and attention by the creators when it comes to story and aesthetic. Re-watching this series from the beginning has been a rewarding surprise and I find myself wondering why this hasn't gotten the attention it deserves. Especially in a Network environment where anything that is different is as good as canceled. There are familiar cop procedural tropes, I will admit. But, this series deserves your respect for its bravery, and more importantly, it deserves your EYEBALLS! I think you will be pleased if you decide to watch it and do so before season 2 premieres at the end of February 2014! The only way these kinds of series stay alive is if you watch them! Enjoy. - Just a Fan
I have to commend Amazon on this original.  It left me wanting more after its conclusion. Here's hoping that this one will make the cut. Very well-defined characters.
We watch this almost like watching a train wreck. So many people with some kind of quirky genetic makeup! They could all be related. Always mention some tragic event which triggers the hoarding behavior. Not sure that makes sense when so many people handle tragedies every day. Love how the team manages to scoop out much of the mess and it always gives us incentive to drop off a load at Goodwill!
Wonderfully, entertaining reality TV show. Yes, I am sure some of the jokes are scripted but that's part of the fun.. Wonderful family show with the exception of Darrel's very detailed female tattoo ( shown in 99.9% of the episodes because he always wears a tank top).and Jarrod's wanna be outlaw company advertising with the broke down &#34;SKIN&#34; girls on it, I mean come on Jarrod if yall have that much money you think you would buy some new t-shirt's!!!! Overall my husband and I are addicted but we do not recommend to anyone &#34; AMERICAN PICKER'S &#34; that show has naked girls on almost every episode so  definitely not the family show or something we would ever finish watching,  but can&#34;t Wait for new season of storage wars! Hope they don't cancel it anytime soon like they have done to so many good one's in the past....Storage wars Texas is also the BEST!!!! very much a family show and we hope it's around a VERY LONG TIME ALSO :):) And to the network, please why the heck do yall bleep the &#34;S&#34; word and the donkey's behind word but yall don't even haze out the nudity?? Yall could definitely do a better job of making more of your show's, &#34;family oriented&#34;.
If you love Survivor then you will love this season. It is the same format that has been working for years.
Totally enjoyed watching this period piece.  Shows human courage, kindness, sacrifice and struggles.  Well done and is a great family series.  Other then the 1st and 14th episode the others in between are 35 minutes.  Human nature plays well  - showing how greed and family dynamics can shade those who allow it and how goodness prevails even in the face of adversity.
Such a fun show to watch and it is educational, too. Wonderful, vivid colors and characters that children love. My 17 month old granddaughter loves this show. She dances to the songs, smiles at them and has learned animal sounds watching it.
This season is getting even better than Season 1. With the first opening seen with Hannibal and actor Lawrence Fishburne in a deadly fight. It grabs your interest from the first scene. I also love that each title is in Japanese and relates to the episode in some manner. Well Done!
Workaholics is hilarious. I consider it a darker, mildly drug-induced spin (for comedic effect) on the classic workplace comedy. Sort of a stoner version of &#34;The Office&#34; or &#34;The IT Crowd.&#34; This show is right up your alley if you like Comedy Central and FX &#34;alternative&#34; sitcoms like &#34;Always Sunny...&#34; or &#34;Archer.&#34; Looking forward to seasons 2 and 3!
Our family liked season 1, where ordinary people had to find their way out of the wilds of Alaska. In season 2, the adventurers had to find their way of Venezuela. You would think that surviving in warm, tropical Venezuela would be easier than cold Alaska, but not so. It still comes down to mental toughness and the ability of the group to work together.
Definitely an amazing. My 13 yro said this is just like school stuff. My 5 yro thought it was awesome. A show that was informing and interesting. Couldn't stop watching it.
Congradulations to the writers of Alpha.  Good storyline very funny.  The x rated picture acidently posted by Louis's aid was hilarious and does he know his daughter is in a relationship or is he that dumb?  Reestablished my like for the Republican Party.
This is a great show and this was a great episode.  Even at 49 years old I still have to remind myself to never judge a book by it's cover.  When I saw the beginning I took the wife as a snobish rich wife and the husband as this rich mafia type.  I saw her walking with her little dog and bleached blonde hair and him in the cigar shop and I knew I would not like them.  Well once the show started I felt ashamed on how judgmental I was and how likable this family actually was.  The wife was very attractive and also very nice.  She was budget minded and seemed like she had a good heart.  The husband was also a very nice guy who worked hard for where he got and seemed like he appreciated all of it.  This family along with their three sons really impressed me and I'm glad I keep learning to never judge a book by its cover.  By the end I had a crush on the wife and wanted the husband as a best friend.
This is one of the best shows on PBS and if you like to know about the history of some of the variety events you will love this show.
i alway love the show and it just a great story line and it alway something new and never got bored with this show!
I just love the series Heroes and have all of their seasons, it a great TV Show which I highly recommendpeople to see it! But to Understand it, you will have to start out watching the Seasons in order i.e. do notwatch season 2 without watching season 1 First, or you will have problems figuring out who's the good guysand who's the bad guys!  Same thing with season 3!
Series 5 returns to the one-hour format basing the stories on the Poirot Short Stories.These had been previously released in various Poirot Collections using the old 1993 film to video transfers in standard definition. Now ITV has gone back to the original camera films to do new Hi-Definition transfers, making the series look fresh and new.The eight great one hour episodes here are:34  5-01 17/January/93  "THE ADVENTURES OF THE EGYPTIAN TOMB"35  5-02  24/January/93  "THE UNDERDOG"36  5-03  31/January/93  "THE YELLOW IRIS"37  5-04  07/February/93  "THE CASE OF THE MISSING WILL"38  5-05  14/February/93  "THE ADVENTURES OF THE ITALIAN NOBLEMAN"39  5-06  21/February/93  "THE CHOCOLATE BOX"40  5-07  28/February/93  "DEAD MAN'S MIRROR41  5-08  07/March/93  "JEWEL ROBBERY AT THE GRAND METROPOLITAN"While these may have been filmed in 16mm, going back to the original camera 16mm film elements to create this transfer will always look better than a 1993 standard definition transfer of a 16mm copy made from a 16mm dubbing negative.The next series, #6, would be the last season to be produced by LWT (London Weekend Television) when Granada Television did a hostile take-over of the company.Those series #6 movies appeared in the DVD Poirot Movie Collection #2.Series 7, 8, 9, & 10 were produced by itv and A&E-TV.;  They were produced in widescreen but A&E; cropped them. Now Acorn offers them in widescreen.Series #11 & 12 were previously released on DVD movie sets 4, 5,& 6.  Look for the new series 13 in 2014.
one of the best series i have seen in years. im writing this because i have to. watch from the begining
I love this show more than I can really describe in this review.  The best part is that after marathoning this show, you may just have crazy dreams that are narrated by Morgan Freeman.  I can't really think of a better sales pitch.
Helen Mirren is absolutely the best actress. her character is thorough and  professional  the cast is as in real life-sometimes respectful of their bosses and oft times not.
Was unsure when I purchased the DVD what to expect.  With real joy I can say that it was worth every cent and I have already watched it several times.  The Storyline kept me interested and I loved the two main actors. (Gilmore Girls, the mother) one of my favourite series.  Anway If you are unsure then try it I think most people will be very pleased, I was.  With the extras along comes a commentary and I am watching it now and it sounds like they had a great time filming this movie.  Enjoy.
My four year old grandbaby absolutely loves Diego.  She can't get enough and learns well from the format.  Well done.
Ran across this little gem completely by accident.  Watched the first episode and was hooked-so much so I purchased the entire season based on seeing one episode.  I am very happy it has been granted a second season.  Can't wait for this to come out on dvd as well.
Excellent show the acting is tremendous. Love to watch.
Books and movies that are not predictable are my favorite. This movie took me awhile to catch on to the premise so I gave it a good rating. The beginning drags only because it is out of sequence to the story. It takes time to get used to the back and forth of the story line and then it hits you what is going on. At that point everything makes sense. I'm trying not to give anything away so details about the story won't be given here. I would suggest this movie to anyone who enjoys something different.
Generally great writing and acting, and some fun sci-fi.Some episodes are better than others, but overall, this is a highlight of my week.
Love having season one!  This show and amazon tv have an excellent selection of the best movies and shows of any other smart tv app
The show has a good premise. It has some very funny parts, great acting, and a good story in general. The team is a group of genuine and at times hilarious people. I look forward to seeing what happens to them.
Interesting concept for a superhero, with the consequences to their family and friends. Again well written and well acted, and nicely done special affects.
I am a faithful watcher of this show when it is on even if it is a rerun and let me just tell you these guys and gals are funny and make me see what a REAL family could be like, thank you Robertson's for showing me what I can only dream of. Also keep up the good work and may several seasons be in our future.
This was a wonderful series with talented actors and awesome storylines.  I hate when a show is cancelled after a clifhanger season ending. I wish they would have at least done one or two more episodes to give us closure.
First, let me start by saying I&#8217;m a political junkie. House of Cards, West Wing, Veep &#8211; I watch &#8216;em all. So, when I heard about Alpha House, I knew I&#8217;d be in the audience. And I&#8217;m going to continue to be an audience member for as long as they keep making it. However, there are a few drawbacks that I hope to see addressed &#8211; some of the jokes come off more like sledgehammers than humor, but I supposed any political show is prone to putting too fine a point on, well, their point. And, the delivery could be tightened up. At times it flows more like improv and it is a little off-putting.  But, overall, this is a funny show about funny business in a funny town. I&#8217;m looking forward to Season Two (and there had better be a Season Two).
Different but still hilarious! I am glad to know the show is going back to ISIS though.
I really like it! Appreciate not having so much vulgarity and profanity. This series was pretty good for that. It did not keep me on the edge of my seat like some of the others I've watched, but never theses it was a good series I could watch alone or on mixed company. If the language gets too bad, I simply turn it off and search for another movie or series!!
though serious theme in serieswell developed charactersinteresting story lineslike the fact that each season they surprise me with new twists to the characters development
So enjoyed seeing the performances of this impacting actor whose films have entertained and thrilled.  Enjoyed hearing the opinions of fellow actors
The quality of the video and audio are great.  I don't have cable so this is a great way to catch up on what you miss DURING the season...Not waiting for Netflix to have it on DVD.  And this season is so gritty.  It's killing me that michael and fi are apart after they got together last season. And the THINGS Michael has to do!
The buzz around this film means that it is a must see for any serious `world cinema' fan, so I finally got to see it. I was not expecting too much, but was really impressed by this little gem from Norway. It is a dark fantasy told as a mockumentary from `found tapes. It tells of a group of students from Volda College, who have heard about an illegal bear hunter. They decide as part of their project that they will interview him and maybe even get some action shots.They track down Hans (played brilliantly by Norwegian comedian Otto Jespersen) who is less than willing to talk to him. He drives a customised Land Rover that is so beaten up it would get a Vehicle Rectification Notice if my local Constabulary saw it on the road. So the plucky youngsters decide that they will follow him when he goes out at night. What they run into is given away by the title of the film and Hans decides to let them film him and the Fairy Tale Troll hunts as he is sick of the job.What happens along the way is a story of how the group survive whilst tracking down rogue trolls. So is it any good? Well I absolutely loved it, it is done in chronological order as the tapes were found and is supposed to be a `rough cut', so it can jump around, but it adds to the authenticity of the thing that there are so many cuts. Obvious comparisons to `The Blair Witch Project' are fine, but this is way better than that. The special effects are good to amazing and the folklore around trolls is brilliant, we even get all the science as to why they either blow up or turn to stone when exposed to sunlight, and the whole blood of a Christian thing is thrown into the mix too. Add to that the over enthusiastic teen agers, a government conspiracy, some dodgy Polish Painters (Bear killers) and you have a whole smorgasbord of fun and action.Director Andr&eacute; vredal has done a brilliant job of getting the most from a relatively unknown cast, and has made a truly original film, So original in fact that Hollywood have already snapped up the remake rights, so see the original first. It is in Norwegian with great sub titles but also has an English dub alternative. Either one you choose this is a brilliant film that shows what a bit of imagination and some talent can do, highly recommended.
I found myself wondering about all the possible directions the writers could take this show. It has the potential to be funny, dramatic, serious, pretty much the full spectrum.
Very entertaining sitcom brought to us with the help of the master, Garry Trudeau, of the classic political comic strip, Doonesbury, fame. This show could have a long life with the endless supply of humor in Washington D.C. politics on all sides of the divides.
I love Tyler  Hoechin. I can't  wait for the next season  to start. Hurry  up please. Thank you. Love it.
Unique and original series.  the cast is excellent and the writing worthy of an award.  hooked after the first two episodes!
Great storyline about the life of Mary Queen of Scots with a great cast.  I'm not sure if this program has been cut but I hope it hasn't.
After season 1 I just couldn't stop watching season 2. What I love about this season is how we get to see Harvey develop a closer relationship with mike and donna. how mike keeps developing into a tough lawyer but trying to maintain a kind heart while doing it. There are some backdrops but don't wanna ruin it and the ending....it was a hate and love moment for me. Hope this helps! Enjoy!
The majestic mountain scenery from Maine to Montana to Alaska is beautiful.  To see the wildlife in their natural setting  even seeing the hunting, trapping and killing of some is a realistic perspective and worthy of understanding.  To learn about the lifestyle of the mountain people is very interesting.
This is a great show. I put it in the same class with Babylon 5, and The Star Trek Franchise. it is intelligent, fun, well directed and acted. Great story line and character development. The series asks tough questions and helps us deal with the tough answers. There is nothing simple about the story line - much like life.I would recommend the series to anyone who likes complicated characters and plots and story lines that keep you interested, caring about the characters and even gets you to understand the &#34;bad guys&#34; and why the bad-guys do what they do and react the way they react.
I loved this show when it was originally aired. I love it today even more though. Simply Delightful. a must see, all 3 seasons.
This is a show I never get tired of watching. It has a great storyline with plenty of twists and turns. You fall in love with the characters and you look forward to the next episode!
I was very happy with The Finder. It was great, no problems at all. Only good things to say. Keep up the great work.
Great viewing to share with your teenagers.  Teen Wolf has it all: good storyline, pretty people, great music and thrills.  I find it far better than other teenage monster viewing....Vampire Diaries, I am looking at you!  The adults in the show are reasonable too, which as a mother, I appreciate.  The depicitions of gay and straight, male and female are honest and not clich&eacute;d.
Warning: slight spoilers ahead.You'd figure that for a show going on it's eighth season (a season shortened by the WGA strike to boot) that things would get a bit stale to say the least, especially considering the horde of network TV imitators to pop up since it's original inception.  Fear not, C.S.I. still manages to keep going strong, and it picks up by grabbing the viewer by the throat and not letting go either.  Grissom (William L. Petersen) and his team race against time to find and save Sara (Jorja Fox) as her life hangs in the balance, which eventually leads up to her departure from Vegas, as well as a heartbroken Grissom.  Things don't get much better for the crew as Catherine (Marg Helgenberger) receives a threat, and Warrick's (Gary Dourdan) life begins to spin out of control, leading him to be charged for murder, and concludes in the explosive season finale which only promises more changes to come.  While some moments may come off as a bit hackneyed, C.S.I. manages to still be spectacular thanks to the depth that the principal characters get in this eighth season.  Even lab-man Hodges (Wallace Langham) gets an episode to shine as he and the lab techs play some "murder games" in the inventive episode "You Kill Me".  There's also a crossover with Without a Trace, as Grissom and FBI Agent Jack Malone (Anthony LaPaglia) team up to solve a murder and kidnapping.  All in all, C.S.I. still manages to wonderfully deliver the goods even in it's eighth season, and still remains the best prime time, network TV crime drama on the air today.
I really like this show a lot.  I has a great plot and I love the characters.  I am really glad I purchased this show!
The acting is quite good. The cinematography and sets add nicely to the underlying horror in which the actors are surrounded.The aspect that makes the WD, especially season 4 work, is not the zombies, it is the people interactions in an unreal and dangerous environment - just as Romero's NOTLD made his movie very effective.It does not get much creepier than one human (Carol) killing a female child because that child has become so corrupted by the environment that she can no longer function.In NOTLD, the creepiest part for me was when Ben was killed by the deputies and thrown on a fire with other zombie bodies. This human interaction part creeped me out and has stuck with me for years, not the zombies who were rather cute. :-)The zombies? Well, zombies are zombies and are not the main show and are actually adorable when they receive a good head splat.
Great pilot episode. Left me hungry for more. So many questions to be answered and it seems to be a good recipe for many different stories and subplots. Highly recommended to sci-fi and mystery fans.
Pretty good series. Crime detective with a taste of CSI but from the year 1865. I like the time period and hopefully some if not all of the things that occur are historically accurate and depict the &#34;way ff life&#34; that people endured back then.
We watch a lot of sesame street with our 20 month old son. This one was so funny we had to buy for our ipad for travel. You just cannot go wrong with SS, its brilliant.  Our son loves all the characters, especially Elmo!!!
