I had heard many good things about the movie BUTTER before I had the chance to see it. Critics were treating it fairly nice and word of mouth via numerous magazines said good things as well. So I went in expecting something quite different than what I got.The world of BUTTER revolves around the annual Butter Carving Championship held at the Iowa State Fair. For the past 15 years the winner has remained Bob Pickler (Ty Burrell). Ty is a good natured man who has done an amazing job with his sculpting, his last being a full sized replica of the last supper. Bob is married to Laura (Jennifer Garner), a prim, proper and respectable leader in their community who feels that Bob's 15 years of winning may lead them to greater things like being the Governor or perhaps even one day the President. Not only is Laura a respectable member of the community, she is one that is feared as well. No one will mess with Laura or what she wants.When the championship committee makes the decision to ask Bob to step down and let someone else win for once, Laura goes on a rampage. She views it as the world trying to take down her and her family, never once thinking that perhaps it would be encouraging for others to be involved. When Bob refuses to enter, Laura does what she considers the next best thing and enters herself in the hopes of retaining the family legacy.But this won't be the easy win she expects. A storyline running alongside the Pickler family is that of Destiny (Yara Shahidi). A young black girl in an orphanage passed from one foster family to another, Destiny has landed with a new couple, Ethan and Julie (Rob Corrdry and Alicia Silverstone). When Destiny happens across Bob and his sculpture at an exhibition she is amazed and picks up on carving butter herself. A natural at it, she decides she wants to enter the competition as well.Also entering the competition is Brooke (Olivia Wilde), a stripper that Bob had a fling with and who he owes $600. In an attempt to make his life worse than it already is, Brooke continues to show up at Bob's house demanding her money and finally enters the competition just to spite Laura.So far this sounds like a decent satire of the whole competition scenario that we've had before in films. Instead we get something a little different that actually turns out to be a bit more hateful than one would expect. I mean granted when it comes to movies made about the Midwest people will always be portrayed as closed minded and redneck, the whole clinging to their guns and Bibles sort. For some reason Hollywood finds a lot of humor in that. While they continue to laugh uproariously at those sorts of things I find that it's more of an easy out and lazy comedy than anything.This is not to say the film fails completely. At the start it truly has some funny moments. It's well made and does feature some really good performances. But then somewhere along the way it veers off and decides to get nasty and mean instead of funny. Laura goes from being an obsessed housewife with delusions of grandeur to what Hollywood thinks of right wingers. She's spouts off profanities when the mood suits her, feels she is entitled to a place of power and prestige, displays racists tendencies and will do any and everything she can to retain the family title. Her character becomes hateful and manipulative. Anyone that opposes her, including a stripper, is offered up as just and righteous.The movie changes along with the character of Laura Pickler. It changes from a movie that has some great humor in it to one that seems more determined to ridicule those the writer doesn't agree with instead. In those attempts to ridicule we see displayed some of the laziest writing around resorting to stereotypes better left to online memes rather than a feature film.One odd thing about those in Hollywood. Anyone who has actually lived in the Midwest always talks about how much they loved their childhood, yet they always seem to find it necessary to insult or ridicule where they came from. And for those who have never visited let alone lived in the Midwest, they always feel they know exactly what it's like to live there. Unfortunately with rare exceptions, they almost never get it right. This holds true in BUTTER.A great example appears in outtakes that roll during the final credits. Ethan and Destiny have a scene where they're sitting in his car and she tells him she's afraid of going in to enter the competition. He begins to tell her that there are worse things that could happen than just entering. Things like piranhas learning to walk and entering the building at the same time to attack. These are things he says to break down her fear and give her the courage to enter. It's a nice scene and in the movie plays well. But in the outtakes one of the scenarios that Destiny offers up is "It could be worse; it could be a Republican fund raiser". Gee, isn't that a subtle display of where the thoughts of this writer lay.The potential for a great movie was there. Instead it resorted to the cheap laughs it had that are actually not funny unless you hate Republicans. If so, you will love this movie. If you're a bit more open minded and think there are good and bad people on both sides of the coin, then this movie will offer a few laughs and then toss them all aside to gain political points with Hollywood.
I'm a big fan of Joss Wedon's "Dr. Horrible's Sing-a-long Blog", so I'm not opposed to the concept of a TV musical. However, where as the music in the aforementioned title never failed to put a huge smile on my face, the musical numbers in Browser's were just cringe-worthy distractions from the rest of the show.I disagree with a number of negative reviews of the cast. I thought they were all very well cast, their character's were likeable or interesting and I'd actually be interested in watching them sans music and with better writing. I thought they all showed some acting talent, even if they didn't always show musical talent, but since the version of the show I'd like to see would not be a musical, that would hardly matter.I thought the directing and production values were on par with a network TV show, but the music just held the entire thing back. Whether the show could be successful would depend on how well the writers could fill the portion of the program currently wasted on the cheesy musical numbers.Sadly, since the show is from a Grammy, (as well as Emmy) winner, I tend to doubt he's be willing to trash the musical concept and try to make it work as a sitcom.All that said, I still found myself wanting to watch another episode, to "see if it got better", so it definitely had some of the ingredients needed to make me want to watch more.
I am disappointed in the start of the 5th season.  For me and my wife, sex has started to play a prominent role in the program.  Especially when a prostitute is featured as one of the stars.  If this keeps on and the spy angle starts to take a back seat, we will quit watching the series.We do like good mystery programs.
The story of V does not adapt well. The dialogue is at parts very boring. The teenage love interest is very, well dry and stereotypical of a teenage drama. The teenage drama often detracts from the main story line. It tries to create a 24 sense of urgency at times, but fails. I could explain more, but bottom line there are far better choices out there. Season two barely made it from being canceled. Do not expect a third season.
It's alright.  I have only seen one episode and it seems to be moving towards a sifi direction and I thought &#34;great, this is going to be cheesy&#34;, but its good enough to watch another episode so we'll see what happens.
Plot summary: Two goa'uld symbiotes take over BW and RCC and force them to create SGU to avenge the defeat the system lords suffered in SG1.  Well, not exactly, but it certainly a plausible explanation to what happened.If you liked SG1 and SGA, chances are you will not like SGU - the creators ( BW and RCC ) tried to do something "different" and it backfired.  SGU turned out to be a deficient hybrid of Stargate and Battlestar Galactica.  It had neither portrayal and analysis of social and psychological issues new BSG offered - and even if you disliked it, you have to admit that new BSG was smart and stylish - nor any meaningful Sci-Fi or humor present in SG1/SGA.SGU was a sad sad long dragged out show with sad unlikeable characters, which even the abundance of the gratuitous sex scenes could not save.  But good to know that some viewers liked the series to make it last two seasons.
What can I say? I like things from the I.D. channel but (honestly) -- even with the disclaimer -- this was far too raw for me.After 3 episodes, I must call it quits.Why?Because while I understand that the world can be a wicked place, I don't always want to know just how wicked/evil it is.Because sometimes (and for some people) the suffering of the innocent can haunt you...Because most times (if not always) there is simply NOTHING redemptive (or entertaining) about sexual sadists and the pleasure they gain from subjecting others to their sick and defiled mental and/or physical wanderings...This program (while informative) could not silence the voice inside my head that kept reminding me that it was not "good" for me. Nor could it help me not to think about the victims and their families.In addition (particularly in this first episode) it could not quiet the distress I felt in knowing that there are parents who, by their depraved actions, create a heart of depravity in their own children. (For longer than I care to remember, I will be reminded of what her father told her and did to her on the evening of her mother's death... Having suffered another horrendous end, only by the grace of God would it be possible for her to end up being someone other than who and what she became. When it's clear that the perpetrator is also the victim? Nothing entertaining about it. Only fills my heart with sorrow which I really don't need...)Finally it became too much for me to know that there are women who would be, could be, complicit in such acts. (Episode 3 - allowing your husband to rape his own child and you being a part of it -- what more can be said...)Don't get me wrong. I love forensic type programs but...This program is about the utter destruction that 2 depraved hearts (joined together) can bring about against the innocent for nothing other than their own pleasure. In it the worst of what can be found in a man and a woman is lived out. It's about fantasy's becoming real, hearts becoming hard, and consciences becoming seared.All in all, the "realness" of it all is too much for me.Just too much...
The premise is a good idea, taking average folks and leaving them on a paranormal lock down.Supplied with camera's and EMF meters and left to investigate on their own.Some are interesting but there are frustrations when they get too scared and panic.Depending on the group involved it can be entertaining or very interesting.
This show represents nepotism carried to utterly ridiculous extremes, tediously characterized by the aggravatingly obligatory &#34;family dinners&#34;, headed by Tom Selleck whose face seems permanently frozen in a perpetual scowl. In the long ago and far away, Selleck as Magnum P.I. was a great serio-comic character, a persona he maintained, at least to some degree, in his later TV and film vehicles. With the Jesse Stone films, however, he began taking on a darker, heavier persona, although still effective and often funny. With Blue Bloods, though, his acting seems to have become wooden and much too predictable, his mouth a perfect reflection of his grim, down-curling mustache. The twinkle of wit that once made him so likeable is completely gone. His rigid, moralizing righteousness and scarcely credible &#34;objectivity&#34; where his family members are concerned strains credulity.Donnie Wahlberg's character is, like Selleck's, mostly just gratingly irritating and seems interminably locked into a constant, growlingly foul mood. Will Estes, as the boyish cop in the family, is just that &#8212; absurdly boyish and barely believable. Worse, he's Wahlberg's &#34;kid brother&#34; as well as Selleck's youngest son. What is this, Family Affair in Blue? Having more than one member of a family be a part of the police force or justice system may not be too far-fetched, but this is ridiculous. Even Len Carriou plays not only Selleck's father, but the former Police Commissioner and the supposed eminence grise at the invariable family dinners.The least believable part of this series is this very fact that everyone in the entire family either works directly for or is part of the same legal system as New York Police Commissioner Selleck, creating endless conflicts of interest that no justice system could or should ever tolerate. Only Bridget Moynihan's character is even slightly tangential to Selleck's authority, but they are all perpetually airing their professional problems at those exasperating family dinners where even the kids get to throw in their two cents worth of wisdom and insight. For awhile, I liked this show, but its repetitive and entirely predictable formula eventually grinds down your tolerance for all the other situational improbabilities and annoying characters.
When I was asked to rate this movie, I couldn't even remember watching it.  Totally predictable, fair acting, no tension, nothing thrilling.  Quite a bit of money to spend on a movie I couldn't even remember without looking it up.
Well played by Chris Eccleston. Really believed his distress as his life unravels in a series of flashbacks caused by his destructive alcoholism.
I love swamp people.  The first three shows of season five are not new though. They are replays of other seasons.
Production values are good.  I love even okay westerns.  Struggled to finish this one.  Rather slow, completely pointless, and the direction of some quite capable actors is either non-existent or awful.  Real shame.  Underlying it all is a terrible script.  I do wonder what the makers of the film though was worth making about this movie.  Don't waste your time.
I still love the show, but it gets really silly sometimes.  How many times can an FBI agent's wife be involved in a case?  It just seems so hokey how much they involve her in the cases and how she'll go all gung ho into a very dangerous situation with no weapons...and yet they always make it out ok.I love Mozzie, he keeps me coming back for more episodes!
I love sci-fi, I love comedy, and I love animation.  Combine all 3 and I'm there.  The voice acting was awesome and the comedic timing was solid.What I don't enjoy is the evil corporation trope and freedom fighter quoting Mao and actually supporting Communism.  I get it, I'm old and hating Communism is SO last century.  But, Communism is evil and it's not funny. It's especially not funny when thinly veiled as comedy and satire.
Not sure how I feel about this...it's almost like Duck Dynasty takes on Ghost Hunter.  I will say it was, if nothing else; entertaining.
The following is taken from the comments I made on the survey. &#34;Mozart&#34; was a huge disappointment on all fronts except for Malcolm McDowell and even this script is far from being suited for his best work. I had hoped for some good music and some drama and received only a lousy plot, bad acting and a show that tried to combine HBO drama and Cinemax, almost creepy, sex rolled into one.
while not a great movie, its also not a bad movie like a couple have stated, the cinematography was good, the story was descent and there was not an ending you would expect, but for me thats what i liked about it, so i'm going to give it 3 stars because i have seen plenty that are better, but as I stated I was entertained and watched it from beginning to end, which is not always the case with me and horror films.
With so much real quality television around, I suppose it's inevitable that some just don't quite make the grade.  And in an age when writing on television on TV is reaching such high standards, it's a shame that in the end it's the writing that lets this down.It's also worth remembering that if you plan to purchase this, it is only EIGHT episodes - yes, that includes the pilot.  So Jaime Sommers is in a car accident, gets her limbs, eye and ear replaced with superior bionic parts by a covert group who go around saving the world each week.  Hangers on include her younger sister who lives with her and knows nothing of her secret life, and later, a boyfriend.  And for character development, well, in 8 episodes, that's all we have time for, folks.  Think of it as Alias, with added bionics, minus any of the charisma.Acting is fine - Michelle Ryan hits the required notes of all American woman, and woman who you believe can throw a punch, but somehow never quite convinces of having the superior IQ of the character - again, mostly the writing and not her fault.  Miguel Ferrer is the boss, to add Hollywood clout.  Let's face it though, If Miguel Ferrer is who you turn to to add clout.. well. Need I say more.  One of the highlights is a story arc with Isaiah Washington who turns out to be the most believable character in the series, and a delicious cameo over several episodes with Katee Sackhoff, from Battlestar Galactica.  Since the producer of this series also brought that series to the screen, it is especially disappointing that it is on story and writing that this series stumbles.So we have a fairly hum drum series which relies completely on its high concept, and lacks pazazz.  All the same, it's worth remembering that 10 years ago this would have been a welcome addition to the TV schedule... it's not a bad series - it just has such strong competition these days, that why wade through sloppy scripting and lazy character exposition?
Dr. Andrew Stanton (Brian Krause) Is a confident and successful ER doctor. He is also working on a cure for AIDS. ( I smell Nobel.) He has a beautiful wife (Sierra Fisk) and daughter (Islay Vermillion) he needs to spend more time with. Just as when things are going his way, his life turn upside down as he accidentally creates a bacteria that makes people aggressive and is highly contagious.Now I know this sounds like a great zombie-type film and it would have been if it hadn't taken up nearly the whole film to develop. As it was we had a slow moving drama/thriller with a touch of horror at the end that wasn't worth 60 minutes of character development.Available on a 30 Horror Film Collection.Parental Guide: No f-bombs. Sex and brief nudity (?).
I followed at first; not it is getting redundant and no resolution ever occurs.  I guess I will still follow the Following but getting very bored with it.
Another solid British procedural, better than most all American made series.  However, it isn't Inspector Lewis, Inspector Morse or Foyle's War.  Still, far more worth watching than what we get homemade
not for me , not my type of show , try to sell this for the 18 years old females.
[BEWARE: The following review of "The Asylum Blackout" contains minor spoilers.]The title tells everything about the story. Well, apparently. In "Asylum Blackout" (aka "The Incident") George, an aspiring rock musician (Rupert Evans), is seen working as a cook at the Sans Asylum. One night, while working at the asylum's kitchen with his friends and band members Max (Kenny Doughty) and Ricky (Joseph Kennedy), there is a power failure due to a storm, and they are trapped inside the facilities with the inmates, who start attacking the guards.Director Alexandre Court&egrave;s (his feature debut) takes time in setting up the character of George - serious-minded and short of sleep - and does it very well. George is very tired and clearly needs a rest, while the story unfolds from his viewpoint. George says the riot is instigated by a certain inmate, but is it true?"Asylum Blackout" has a few violent and gory torture scenes, but as the film's bizarre conclusion suggests, it obviously attempts to be something more than a survival horror, something more psychological. While the dimly-lit photography and stylish camerawork are effectively employed to represent the disturbing situations that surround George, there is also something wrong with the film's premise.For, in order to make the film an engrossing psychological thriller, you need, besides atmospheric photography, better narrative skills in telling the story. While watching the chaos that is going on inside the asylum, we ask ourselves: how come these security guards are inadequately armed when they are supposed to deal with violent and dangerous inmates? Why do the police take such a long time to respond?The film has potential for a more unnerving horror, but to create one you need a set-up that is more credible and intriguing.
None of the characters appealed to me, and the mystery was more drama than anything else.  I think the writer was trying to be &#34;deep&#34; but it ended up just dark...
I consider this movie to be a the &#34;B&#34; category. The plot was somewhat interesting, but not the best script evere.
Boring, couldn't get past the first 20 mins, fell asleep and then continued for another 10 mins and quit. It was just a pointless waste of my time
I generally hate &#34;reality&#34; shows when they try to dramatize situations making them look like life or death when the whole while you know there is a camera crew there. (The Mountain Men series was the worst example of this).Having said that though, they don't really try to do that so much with this one, it's just more of a documentary about these 9 people trying to test their own endurance.
I have no idea why I watch this show, probably for the same reason people start at train wrecks.  It revolves around this dysfunctional dance teacher, Abby Lee Miller, who, despite her personality flaws, seems to be very good at watch she does because she produces beautiful, winning dances for her competitive dancing team as well as some of her individual dancers. She favors two sisters over the rest of the group.  The older one is definitely talented, but one wonders if she's more successful in competitions because she gets so much more time and attention from Abby than the other girls.  That's mostly because the mother is the typical brown-noser we've all known and disliked at some point in our lives.  The Dance Moms are dysfunctional personalities like Abby.  I don't understand why they have not all (except the one mentioned previously) been arrested for child abuse for exposing their children to Abby's mistreatment.  They are all dumber than boxes of rocks. One even has a Ph.D, but apparently not a lot of common sense. (On one episode, one of the moms didn't know who Ann Frank was).  The moms fight Abby, fight among themselves, fight a competing dance teacher (as does Abby) and the whole thing is really a hot mess.  The main reason I like to watch it is to see the girls dance.  The girls are the best thing about the show. They all seem to be sweet, lovely, and talented, which makes the Moms even more culpable for putting up with the treatment Abby dishes out.  One has to wonder if the money is really worth destroying the self-confidence (which anyone with children can see is happening) of these charming young girls. It makes me glad my daughter was into sports.
Laying the foundation for the story line took way to long, and I way to much screaming,  a few scary minutes near the end...
There's nothing at all in the first 10 minutes to keep anyone interested.  I bailed early because I was falling asleep.
This show is complete nonsense. Children should not be treated in this manner. This is a poorly produced reality show.
Season five is, well it's bad. It opens with what we think is Dinnozzo getting blown up, but Ducky see's that the body on he autopsy table never had the plague. Plus, the international arms dealer that everybody was after has disappeared, and the CIA wants to know where he's at. Finally Tony makes an entrance, and we gather that he had to blow his own cover with Jeanne, and tell her that he's an NCIS agent, and that he's after her father. And then magically, we get to the end of the episode. Jenny has all of a sudden turned into a rule breaker, step outside of the law type of character. We know she killed La grenoulle, and there is only one episode after this one. Where Tony has a hard time getting over Jeanne, since he actually fell in love with her. And then we don't get anything else for the rest of the season, as a matter of fact. I would have thought, that after going undercover, then being forced to reveal to your target's daughter that you're a federal agent, and that you really love her. I would have thought that have made him a bit more mature, but nooooo. Instead we get one episode, then it's back to the freshman in college Dinozzo. Even Gibbs seems to have mellowed out, even Abby doesn't get as much screen time as she used to. It felt more like a soap opera, the only episode of any real worth was "Chimera" where they go on board a deserted Naval research ship, out in the middle of the ocean. And even that episode is so-so, Jimmy Palmer has an entire episode where a killer is after him, and even after going back and watching that episode a couple of times, I still don't understand why that script got off the ground. And we come to the ending of the season, I'll just say it, Jenny dies in a shoot-out out in the middle of the desert. And to be quite honest, you really don't care by the time they get to it. This season felt lazily put together, and lazily executed. Not one of their better ones.
This season has its strengths and its weaknesses.  First, the female cast members have not defined themselves.  There is the Minnie Mouse look alike who is most irritating.  And the blonde child...who is evil like Sue and Santana BUT there is nothing to like about her...the element that made Sue and Santana characters defined and enjoyable to watch.  As for the males, the writers are trying too hard.  At least the leprechaun is gone...what a bad decision he was.  Blaine...please decide is he Howdy Doody's illegitimate son or sexy preppy...I would go with the sexy preppy. Now Finn...this guy has come into his own...perfect. The only male with energy on screen is the cross dresser...why isn't he there always...and he should have been Rizzo...period.  All said, I still like the show but I dread when a new episode arrives...because I do not know if it is gonna be a good show or bad.  Season 3 and 4 are fifty/fifty.
Better than I expected but not good enough to hold my attention past one show. The plots for each show seem too predictable.
I guess the main character on this show is a celebrity from Survivor.  Who knew?!?  Most often than not, there is more drama than flip.  I've seen 4 episodes, and I still cannot remember the names of these guys.  That's how insignificant they are to me (as celebrities).  Anyway, these two guys (who are brothers), are always at each other's throats.  Seriously, it's a constant battle between them.  Sometimes, the battles are entertaining.  Sometimes, just annoying.  In the middle of all this noise, is a renovation.  Because of all I just mentioned, I would give the show 1 to 2 stars.  But because I'm in it for the education, I can honestly say there are a few things I've learned about flipping houses.  Thus, I give the show 3 stars.  Like I said, I've watched several episodes to see what happens next, so there is something to it that keeps me coming back.  Maybe it's the super hot realtor that keeps me coming back for the next episode?
I would rather have given it a 3-1/2 but... it just is not inspector Morse, and I am sorry, but Inspector Lewis just cannot seem to carry it off by himself. He is not a big enough character in my opinion, and I was disappointed. There also lacks the acidic humour lnspector Morse spread, however thinly.
this is all i am going to write so take it or leave it! lllllllllssssssssaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkjkkkrrrrrrrrrerrnnnnnnnnnnmmmmmmmmnmm nwhat happened to all the wholesome,oldies but goodies showes?
the beginning of the show is fantastic, but then it turns out to be a walking dead with aliens, one episode is not enough to know what is it going to be about, i think that is a mistake. The characters are very shallow and the pilot ends without an emotional cliffhanger, so i dont think its going to last more than a season
A really boring soft-core porn film rather than a French art film.  As best I can tell there was no plot.  if you're looking for a god foreign film pass this one up!!
This film got off to a great start. Great scenes; great cinematogrphy; grerat acting; great direction.The the two Brits show up and do NOTHING but pick fights, try to assert themselves very obnoxiously, and be generally very irritating.  mean---it's just not believeable that you're going to be real argumentative with two Lugers pointed at your face. When guns were pointed at my face a couple of times, my basic thought was, &#34;I hope this b*stard doesn't get nervous and make a mistake!&#34; Ergo, you don;t want tpo be arguing and yelling at the guy with the gun in your face.Also, I couldn't understabnd a word the two Brits were saying. At least the Germans had subtitles. The Brit captain became so absurd in his demands and arrogance that I found myself rooting for the Germans.I turned this dog off. It's just made up, preachy, silly, absurd crap that I suppose will entertain the much-younger than I am. Seeit if you want.
I like paranormal shows, but this one seems a little more hard to swallow than some of the rest of them.
We found it difficult to get into - didn't seem to be building the characters in an easy way.  Also some of the accents were hard to decipher.  Probably just not our cup of tea.
Ok so I bought this movie because it was 99cents. The only reason I plan to keep it is because in the future if anyone asks what happened to Lindsay Lohan's career I can just show them this film.
Would be better ranked at 2.5 stars. Laughably over the top, but played straight and with total sincerity. There is something almost endearing about this low budget (and confusing) demon horror that somehow keeps it just on the side of watchability
Coffee!! The characters are either making coffee or drinking coffee...all of the time. If there is such a thing as a Columbian Coffee Bean Grower's Association? I am sure they are behind it. :)
Not an accurate portrayal of what you see vs what the women wrote in their book. I was actually shocked when I read the book. Some of these women don't even get along, but they show face for the cameras. I don't like that. What I'm interested in seeing is an accurate portrayal of how the women actually feel about each other. I'm going to stick with the series only because I am a firm believer in understanding a faith that I do not agree with. It helps to keep my mind clear of judgement. They are a beautiful family but I wish the show would be a little more realistic. I understand they are being conservative but sometimes the passive aggressive behavior between the four women tend to come out on the show even though they try to portray that they are a huge extremely happy family which is obvious that this is not the case.
I turned it off twenty minutes into it. I kept waiting for it to get better but it never did. And within twenty minutes it has to at least catch my attention and this on sadly did not. I don't even want to give it one star but I am sure that it will make me choose before I can actually post my review. Yep...right down there on the bottom of the review it says Star rating required. I want to give it a half a star then and only because I have to.
I didn't love this episode, but I definitely see potential in it as a series. The characters feel very one dimensional, and dumb, but I can see really liking this show once the characters and relationships have been fleshed out.
So I see that viewers will lower their standards right along with the show so there is no reason for it to improve. There is no reason to think up some truly interesting characters if people will settle for Governor No-Chin or Carol as someone to focus on. I gave the writers this season a chance and am actually surprised that this season is worse.I don't expect anyone to have the guts to change the title of the show since this is no longer The Walking Dead. This is just some very low-budget bore-fest using the name. The guy who created the show had guts but he apparently was the only one. Now on screen it's just a creep moping around in slow motion talking slow and oh look, now he is killing everyone and he's going to be the Governor again. Pitiful. No new ideas at all....even with all that potential. A sickness at the prison? Wow. What does it matter when there is no longer any clear reasons to live accept, like the zombies, to just keep on going? I guess the character of Carol was supposed to really embody that? Yawn.They are probably still at the prison just because of the budget but then why spend more money when people will love it whether they provide the epic-ness of a cop riding into a city experiencing the "zombie apocalypse" on a horse or whether it's a bunch of nobodies hanging out in trailers getting picked off by the psycho? Whether it's a dynamic as hell character like Shane or whether it's some pouty-faced manchild obsessed with commandeering a family. Who cares? Besides all that, if it is all about misery and degeneration then why bother? What is the point?I don't know what is worse though. The show that thinks the Governor is lead character material or reading all of these reviews of people talking themselves into thinking the show is great or those who feel that they need to respond to bad reviews and defend this mediocrity.
Summary:  A group of 100 kids comprised solely of criminals are sent to the earth to see if it is survivable.The premise is really interesting.  It is really cool that a bunch of kids are sent down to see if the earth is survivable.  It stays cool as long as you don't think about it too hard.Darn, I started thinking.  While this is a cool setup for a start of a new series, the problems with this premise abound.Let us start out with the very initial part of the premise, the space stations.  There was a deliberate vagueness about how the people came to be in the space stations.  If it was done on purpose, they would have laid in an adequate supply of back up parts.  They would have also provided ships with sufficient fuel to ferry the survivors back to the planet.  All of these supplies would have taken up a lot of room, which would limit the number of people allowed on the ship.  There was every indication that people would have been sent purposefully to the arks, since food, medicine, and other essential supplies would have run out long ago.  Another interesting aspect was reproduction and old age.  Reproduction was vaguely touched upon.  It was obvious that each family was limited to one child.  It was also obvious that due to a limitation of supplies that a sick child or a child born with a genetic anomaly would not be allowed to live.  What wasn't so obvious was that these parents could not be allowed to further reproduce.  In a closed system, any genetic mutations could have serious repercussions for the system as a whole.  It was also obvious that adults would have an expiration date.  Old age is a suck on resources just like illness.  The reality is that they could have spent a little more time on the ship, and this would have been a much cooler story.There were also problems that were not touched upon.  Let us start with gravity. Artificial gravity fields take a lot of power to create, and since they do want to return to earth, they would have to make fields that were comparable to earth.  Also, it would be essentially for bone development and growth in their children.  Radiation would also be a problem.  What protects the earth from ionizing and nonionizing radiation that is present in space?  Can you say ozone layer.  While there would be some protection rendered because the ark is still in the upper atmosphere.  The ozone layer would be unlikely to afford much protection-because the space stations would be outside of it.  No protection from the ozone means that this people are daily exposed to radiation from the sun and space.  They would have been more protected on the earth in a hole in the ground.  While these arks are a cool idea, they have a lot of limitations.  You can see why they would want to be vague about living in an ark in space.We find out that this mission is essential to assess the feasibility of returning to earth.  If the earth isn't survivable, the leadership on the ark will have to make decisions about who will be culled/killed so that the ark will still be able to support life.  Hmmm.... their decision is to send a bunch of kids who are largely comprised of untrained criminals.  They send no supplies with them and no means of communication.  That is such an excellent idea (sarcasm font).  They are provided no Geiger counters or meters to measure ionizing radiation.  Just because you aren't immediately losing your hair doesn't mean the radiation levels are safe.  They have no food and no weapons, and they have no immediate means of acquiring them.  They are directed to an old bunker, but after 97 years, there is no way to ascertain if the supplies are still viable, accessible, or even present.  Let's be honest, only in fiction would you send a team that is untrained and doesn't have the best interests of their community as a motivator to succeed on a mission.  This scenario lacks plausibility.  The show is designed to appeal to young viewers.  It is not designed to be plausible.  It is also designed to have many opportunities for young angst.The question you have to ask yourself is did the show have to be so stupid just to appeal to young viewers.  Ultimately, the answer would be no.  They knew that they had an insufficient number of pods for the population.  This would immediately remove the right of anyone over reproductive age of going, so this would make the cut-off probably around 35.  That would really be tough, but here comes the tougher part, the really young would also not be able to go.  If you are in a hostile land, small, crying children would be very dangerous.  This would make it unlikely that anyone 5 or under would be going.  It would also be likely that their parents would not be going as well due to their unwillingness to leave their small children.  And there is your 1200 people.They could have still had young people in the initial party, but they wanted to set up a scenario where there was a lot of mayhem.Here is the problem, mayhem and angst will only take a show so far, especially a show like this.  After a while, it starts to fizzle because you will only be left with the same mayhem and angst, and warring with the natives gets old fast.So they landed with no food, weapons, or helpful technology into a hostile world that appears to be rife with mutations.  Umm... if there were this many mutations in just a hundred years, it is likely that there is still a LOT of radiation.  Also, if mammals like deer are mutated, you would also be seeing mutations in humans.  You would also be seeing a LOT of new viruses and bacteria to which the little ark kids would have no immunity.  Oops, just another thing that was not addressed.Maybe the writers will be able to come up with a lot of new exciting scenarios to keep their audience transfixed, but honestly, I was starting to get very bored of the show.  By the time it had ended this season, it held no more excitement than the pilgrims coming to America and trying to survive.  And truly, the reason outlined for the fighting just felt forced.  Your ship killed some of our people.  I also am getting really tired of their romantic angst.
....something about this show seems way too convoluted and confusing with plots on top of subplots on top of characters. It's exhausting and feels endless.  I always wonder, though, how it will all be pulled together with the wealthy guy's family fairy tale evil and the now stereotyped Asperger symptom character (they are popping up on programs everywhere) will evolve.  I miss the days when Hank MacGyvered his way through emergency calls.  His doctoring seems less and less important as the ascendance of Evan's character and everything else but the kitchen sink seems to hold sway.
I was so excited to see this show. I love Mr Myers, but the show is written way too slow.
Corny plot,soap opera acting!!! Very poor production,will not watch any further episodes.Do not bother unless you are interested in &#34;Dallas&#34; in different costumes !
I like the idea of the underdog getting that one lucky break.  After watching just a few episodes I got bored with the story.  This probably would have been better if it were a movie.  i honestly can't see it lasting too long as a TV show because there are only so many story lines available.  i thought that the actors did a great job, it was the writers and the plot that I found to be boring.
Personally I did NOT care for this movie, and would not recommend it to anyone.  However. I truly hated "Napoleon Dynamite" and that did well with the younger crowd so maybe you have something here.
"Hounddog" is a fairly predictable period piece about a young girl growing up in the rural south in the 1950's.  Dakota Fanning is impressive as a 12-year-old obsessed with Elvis Presley, and the supporting cast (David Morse as her womanizing father, Robin Wright Penn as her would-be mother, and Piper Laurie as her tipsy grandmother) is fine as well.  I'm not sure what all the fuss was about - there's nothing particularly controversial about this film.  Yes, there's a rape scene - but nothing shown in this film couldn't be shown on network television during prime-time.  Compare this to the harrowing (and deservedly controversial) "Bastard out of Carolina" and you'll see what I mean - both films are set in the same time period, with similar characters and circumstances.  But while "Hounddog" offers up clich&eacute;s as answers, "Bastard" forces its audience to confront the realities of poverty, child abuse, and rape.The problem with "Hounddog" isn't that it stretches the boundaries of morality and good taste - it's that the film itself is so derivative.  It feels like an odd mix of "To Kill a Mockingbird," "Fried Green Tomatoes," and "Carrie" - lots of nice scenes of dirt-poor kids bonding in swimming holes and corn fields with a little holy-roller craziness thrown in for good measure (Piper Laurie's character seems cut from the same cloth as her role as Sissy Spacek's mother in "Carrie").  This is a pretty film, with lovely country vistas and a nice hazy nostalgic quality that can be captivating on its own.  But there's nothing new here - just about everything that happens is predictable, including the final scene.  And all the snake symbolism is way, way overdone (I get it, I get it - "stay out of the tall grass").This is not a bad film, and it is worth seeing.  It is not, however, worth getting worked up over.  If you don't like "Hounddog" it won't be because it sexually exploits children.  It does not.  It just tries to present a picture of what it would be like to grow up poor and alone in a world that doesn't offer much support.  This movie is not about sex; it's about loneliness.  And on that level it's effective.
Same old story lines Power Money Sex.  You would thinmk they have different morals and goals than sex power and MOney. Sheesh
This movie was horrible. If you are a fan of horror films skip it brcause you are noy missing much.
so sad to see this series go downhill this way.stop watching at the end of season three and you will have fun memories of the series forever. Watch this season and you probably won't want to watch anymore. You might stop buying Discovery Channel accessories.
This is a really terrible movie.  Let me describe it by splitting the film into two sections.  Let me explain the first half first.The first half of the movie is totally fitting for the Lifetime Movie Network.  It's about a woman who lives in an apartment building and, while a man is fixing a plumbing problem under her kitchen sink,  they fall in love.  Little does she know the man who has a history of mental illness.  Well she DOES eventually realize this but not until she's already committed to the guy.Let me state that what the guy does for a living is completely meaningless.  He works in real estate and it's a family business, hence the constant sarcastic bickering between him and his father about "making the right choices for the sake of the family".  None of this matters though.  The focus here is on the man and woman attempting to hit off a relationship.Well for the entire first half of the movie, the man and woman go through the routine ups and downs of being in a relationship, however since the man has a mental condition due to him having to tragically witness his mother jumping and killing herself when he was a child, this problem interferes with his ability to want to have kids with the woman and... now things get worse- MUCH worse.  Apparently the woman brought back personal feelings that weren't meant to see the light of day.  Now these mental problems have been unleashed.  Sounds fun so far, right?  Read on.Let me mention that everything about the man and woman falling in love is flat out *boring* because I've seen an identical build-up of typical relationship highs and lows in several other films, so nothing different was done here at all.  I mean it was written in such a predictable way here that it's totally pointless to watch.  In fact the one and only scene that made an effort to stand out and be different is when the man gets furious at his wife who's simply minding her own business at a dinner party and he comes storming in the room, grabs her by the hair and pulls her out of the house.  Nobody at the party seemed to think this was unordinary behavior or stood up for the woman.  What?Even worse is that whenever something good happens such as this, the writing completely falls apart so the very next scene shifts in another direction, thereby destroying all suspense that could have occurred.  Terrible.  It's obvious the man is crazy but nothing really suspenseful other than the guy destroying a book shelf and making a few threats ever seem to come out of it.Now the second part of the film.  This is when the storyline completely falls flat.  This is when the amount of confusion will probably leave you speechless.  Well apparently the wife disappears, so we flash several years into the future with the husband as an old man, in a courtroom, and attempting to explain his innocence but... now the storyline is completely focused around the characters as OLDER people so suddenly it's like watching a completely different movie, and... get THIS- now we're seeing the man accused of murdering his wife dressed up as a woman *himself* and involved in conflicts with other older people that do absolutely nothing but confuse the living heck out of me.Suddenly MURDERS are now occurring, which is odd because you'd think growing older would mean becoming wiser and less violent.  Suddenly as an old man, he's doing drugs with a friend in a car and wearing make-up like a woman.  Whatever (or whoever) is responsible for these murders being committed when it would seem these characters don't have much time on the planet anyway since old age has creeped in is beyond my understanding- WAY beyond it.Bored by the generic writing of the first half and confused by the second half makes this movie an absolute failure.  A double dose of failure in fact because "bored and confused" is the worst of BOTH worlds when it comes to movie storytelling.  Ugh!  I strongly recommend avoiding this hogwash!
Time i will never get back, you know what im saying? There are good creature movies and bad ones, even some of the old 50's rubber suit movies were better.
This is a thinly scripted fake reality program about gold mining. The two lead characters are supposed failed real estate hustlers who are deep in debt and who are going to save themselves financially by mining gold in Africa. The show's speciality is fake peril. Lots of overly dramatic moments involving crime, dealing with criminals, fights and so on. With almost a two-person cast at a few locations, the show profits are probably good but they are constantly having to be very inventive to fill airtime. They manage to keep the program going (often in spite of itself) through sheer energy.The show isn't big on continuity. No mention of last seasons investor and get equipment magically back without paying bills owed. And once again, though mining in the bush, everyone is very, very clean. I hope they manage to do some competent mining at some point in this season. But I kind of doubt it.Those involved in the show deserve a degree of technical credit for being able to produce a watchable hourlong show like this with a primary cast of two. Everyone is very earnest even when talking nonsense. It not a good show, but everyone involved seems to be at least trying.
&#34;A-B-C, its easy as 1-2-3, formula entertainment for you and me.&#34; That's about it folks great brainless entertainment about the early days of Vegas but even the costumes are overdone with far too much sheen and look fake. Just like the simple plot, e-z script, la-di-da acting, good casting, and perfect encapsulated ending. With just one season the game is over. Vegas crapped out. Everybody wins.
Did not like this one at all ... the actors lacked passion for the work they were doing ... camera work wasn't that great either.
The point of this series escapes me. All the characters live in a moral cesspool of broken promises and self-delusions. It's anthemic puppetry at its worst, with a cast of low characters who hold onto codes unfit for a colony of rats scurrying about on a sinking ship. Any tether to &#34;Hamlet&#34; is castrated by respective beliefs systems that are impossible to fathom. The only character that emerges with a wit of self-awareness is Jax's former girlfriend. I must be mental for watching the first five seasons to arrive upon this conclusion.
Love that this is about classical music, love going in to that world. The pilot was stale and lackluster. Could be really great...just needs better writing and more plot development to get it to stick!
I love this series. It's quirky, funny, erotic and action packed. However, I am worried. Season four featured the same fine acting, but the writing really lacked cohesion for me. It's like the writers didn't know where to take things after the Varuda plot and they're like a guitarist trying to find their way of expressing themselves through a solo, but just not finding the right notes. I hope the show comes back for a fifth season and that the writers find their way or I'm afraid our dear Bo will be gone.
Staged, hokey and ridiculous.  For one thing, they repeat little segments so much each episode could be half the length.  The 70 lb snowmobile engine looks to be maybe 20 pounds.  Plus the guy seems ill prepared, and ill equipped.  Then you have the faux concern over the missing Montana guy.  His friend looks for him "with concern growing with each step", but when found the fellow is fine, just rambling around looking for otter sign with his dog.  He even asks, "hey what brings you down here?"  Indeed, what brings us to find such garbage TV as an episode.  Then the guy in NC has his rifle misfire.  Well sorry, it didn't misfire, he missed.  Supposedly because bad help sighted in his rifle poorly.  Well excuse me, if your rifle and your deer are crucial to feeding yourself, sight it in yourself or at least oversee it being done.  What crap.  Plus, during this one deer hunt he has 3 different long barreled firearms.  The shot is taken with a Ruger #1, later he is seen with what looks like a shotgun, and in between a bolt action.  Truly disgusting crappy staged for TV made up melodrama from nothing.
It's hard to watch these parking officers doing their jobs. You mostly see the worst in people, and these officers still do their duty even though they are being verbally abused.
Like any Joss Whedon fan, I was excited to see his return to television. I grew up watching shows like Buffy and Angel, and have always been a diehard fan of Serenity's crew (those characters were tailored-made for the actors who portrayed them). I have tried to like Agents of Shield, but I find myself doing other things not even halfway through the show. It just...lacks. There doesn't seem to be any coherent storyline being portrayed, none of the characters, other than the would-be hacker/spy, are being developed or given a background. Clark Gregg is a master of the subtle joke and his half-smile is almost his signature look, yet his character is trying to be this hard-azz, no nonsense sort of leader which I never saw him being in any of the movies. Yes, he took his job seriously, but always with a healthy dose of, "Can you believe this s***z is happening?" The two geeky lab rats need to be put in the airlock and left there at 40,000 feet with the door open; perhaps then they wouldn't be quite so annoying to listen to. Why do unimaginably intelligent people have to be portrayed as wacky or skewed? Ming Na is just sort of there; a character with this apparent bad-azz reputation we only get glimpses of in offhand remarks. Yet, she is relegated to airplane pilot? The male agent is seriously just there as eye-candy, to hopefully bring in some younger women into the view. I feel bad for the actor, really, his character is about as shallow and typical as they come. I hope that in the future the show finds its true sea-legs and settles down into the kickazz show it could be. If the studio is worried about it becoming another, "Firefly," where the show was more character interaction than action (and was so much better for it), and thinks the audience wants all action and no substance, then perhaps they should let this show become the next "Firefly" because I for one would be a fan for life if I saw that same charisma  in A.o.S.
Video; acting; storyline; script all of  a quality of a high school film class student production. Just goes to show that anyone with $500 for an HD camera can produce a waste of time video. No humor unless, again high school crude was the high light of your education; no story other than three weeks (boringly noted with day 1. day 2, etc. superimposed) of a few people in a house just drinking, talking and acting stupid. The only ghostly thing was the usual door opening/closing and a bed sheet raising (someone was under it and it was suppose to be a ghost) - that's it.All the five stars are probably connected to the video.
they tell you too much by way of montage and while the acting is generally pretty good, the characters stories lack depth and a meaningful interconnectedness in such a way that it would draw you in.  It falls flat and both my husband and I got bored with it.  Too bad as it has potential.
I cant condone killing shellfish - it is so cruel.  But this season had a lot of good personalities. I thought Roy Choy was a total dirtbag. But Emetil, Tom, and Padma were cool. I was rooting for Nina or Shirley, but the jerk rudeboy took home the prize. Oh well. Guess he can be a jerk at his new restaurant now.
Enjoying this series.  It helps if you are a Democrat.  well written intelligent humor.  Gary Trudeau proves himself one more time.
It's stupid and a lame premise . No humor , no script and Diaz , Mann , Upton , etc is just pointless , directionless and just a brainless chick flick .
The show is to slow for my 4 year old son. The art is choppy and lacks emotions on characters. The educational value is low, which shows that the show is neither fun nor educational. So far the only original Amazon show that I see has potential is the Annebots.
Truly one of the worst movies I've seen -- writing, directing, acting, you name it. The lead actress was absolutely pathetic. If this is how Nancy Grace views herself, it speaks volumes. I'd rather have a root canal than see this movie again.
The Big Bang Theory guys are lovable, geeky losers.  Not the Betas, except maybe the lead actor, but I found the rest of the characters obnoxious.  Maybe this is supposed to be Entourage in Silicon Valley?  Well, on paper it sounds like a good concept but it was not executed that well.  I wouldn't waste my time on this show if it became a series.
This is kind of an interesting twist. People find themselves in an unusual situation and how they cope  . . .  or don't cope. We were especially perplexed by the dad who is so shocked at how easily his son kills other people when he seems to also kill at least one person in every episode.
Hmm.  I can remember the day when independent filmmaking - of which I'm going to handily conclude SAVE THE DATE was intended to be a part of - came about because Hollywood (aka Tinseltown, aka LaLaLand) wasn't making the character-centric dramas, dramedies, and comedies true artists and film lovers wanted or, in the very least, wanted to appreciate.  Typically, indie features honed in on characters who were out of the mainstream - sometimes bizarre types who behaved in increasingly unconventional fashion, perhaps even border anti-social or even sociopathic - and celebrated their existence, be they prostitutes or drug users or some other Rastafarian malcontents.  But - maybe ten or so years ago - I noticed a somewhat disturbing trend: the independents realized they couldn't get studios to commit to their more typical ideas, so they started making them to.Though SAVE THE DATE won't win any awards for exploring brave new content with singularly divisive characters, it'll probably force audiences to crack a smile or two in ways the indie scene of twenty years ago would've thumbed its collective nose at.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last two paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)Sarah (played by the winsome but curiously thin here Lizzy Caplan) can't catch a break in life.  When her overzealous boyfriend Kevin (Geoffrey Arend) proposes to her with disastrous results in front of his bar band crowd, she slinks away into the arms of Jonathan (Mark Webber), an adorable `golly shucks' marine biologist who better rings her bell.  But as her sister Beth (Alison Brie) sees her approaching nuptials on the horizon, Sarah can't seem to come to grips with what she wants out of life - a career? a love? a cat? - and, unless true love rears its ugly head, she might spend the rest of her days a sullen, dreary social outcast.To my surprise (and maybe a bit of confusion), SAVE THE DATE predictably hits a lot of the marks normally reserved for the latest Julia Roberts / Rene Zellweger / Reese Witherspoon rom-com.  (Was Katherine Heigl unavailable?)  Michael Mohan directs from a script that he, Jeffrey Brown, and Egan Reich wrote, and - unless I miss my guess - I think any of number of bankable high-priced actresses would've been happy to put their name up in the lights alongside this material.  Why this stuff was relegated to an indie feature remains a mystery to me as there's very little in here that pushes any boundaries or borders.  In fact, much of this stuff is the province of major network sitcoms, if I'm not mistaken, so why this one garnered an R rating is an even bigger puzzle.  Perhaps the ratings folks hoped it would make the film appear more edgy?Still, DATE is full of nice performances.  Martin Starr - as Beth's husband-to-be "Andrew" - continues to impress with his ability to underplay practically anything he appears in and still get mileage out of his beat.  Webber, as well, pulls back every note with effortless charm, creating a beau audiences can root for even when he appears unwilling to do the same for himself.  Caplan and Brie - for all of their strengths - could've swapped roles, and I've no doubt both could've pulled off either's intentions with some ease, though I'll admit Brie's "Beth" felt less authentic than she should have; I won't fault the actress, but I'll gladly fault the script.The central problem with the story is that, unlike a traditional independent feature, the writers fall back on way too many formulaic developments in order to move the plot along.  These couples fall in and out of love (or whatever it is the screenwriters present as a reasonable facsimile) based on the highs and lows of their day.  While that may be a sentiment strongly reserved for twentysomethings, I daresay it isn't part and parcel of any adult, real-world relationship.  Generally - from what I've seen - when one partner is weak, the other is strong; and that's what makes the world go `round in reality.  And, if you believe futures can be established over the flip of a switch, well then there's nothing like the stability of an unplanned pregnancy to pull it all together in a big finish and solve everyone's problems.SAVE THE DATE is produced by Gilbert Films, Instinct Film, Night and Day Pictures, and XYZ Films.  DVD distribution is being handled by MP Media Group.  As for the technical specifications, the picture looks and sounds smart, though I'll admit there were two sequences wherein I had to activate the English subtitles to understand what Ms. Caplan was saying in a poorly miked sequence.  And what would any pretentious independent release be without a wealth of special features to underscore its relevance?  (That's sarcasm, folks.  Really.  I enjoy special features.)  There's an audio commentary from director Mohan, some deleted scenes (nothing all that grand), less than two minutes of outtakes (that's all?), a music video, and some trailers.  It's a respectable collection, and that's nice as so many big budget features don't offer nearly as much.RECOMMENDED.  Despite the obvious Hollywood conventions being incorporated into an independent feature, there's much of SAVE THE DATE that's worth enjoying.  It offers some smart though predictable performances revolving around a safe, harmless plot centered on twentysomethings all in the midst of trying to figure out life.  It may not shatter any world views, but its benign charm might just muster enough spark to win the day so long as you don't look too closely at the seams.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group provided me with a DVD copy of SAVE THE DATE by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
But went wrong somewhere got boring and predictable. Turned into a stereotypical small town bully story. Maybe book better not an S King fan anyway except for 11/23/63
I watched the original V series with Marc Singer back in the 80's when I was a kid and really liked it, though having watched it again recently it is pretty hokey and badly done.  The remake (in my opinon) has been a refreshing update/revival of the original.  Admittedly, there are a couple of people in the new series who have done a very poor acting job, but most of the cast have carried their own well.One reviewer recently stated how poor the series is compared to many of HBO's original programming.  He is correct!  However, comparing the budget and access to good actors that regular network television has to that of a well funded, highly acclaimed cable network is akin to comparing apples to oranges.  Network television rarely has quality programming anymore.  When put into that context its a bit easier to cut the show some slack - lol!While it is extremely rare to catch me watching network tv, if one is a Sci-Fi fan and has so little to choose from (the sy-fy *formally Sci-Fi* channel is horrible!) then the new V series is as good as it gets.  ;)
"Apartments don't kill people, people kill people." Janet (Michelle) is excited to finally move out and get her own apartment away from her overbearing mother. Soon after she moves in she starts to see and hear strange things. Her sister Lara (Barton) is stuck playing the go between with Janet and her mom and doesn't take Janet's concerns serious, until it's too late. I have made a habit of not watching trailers or reading reviews before I see a movie. To me that helps me to go in with a blank slate and not any real expectations. When the movie is over that is when I look at the reviews for it. I thought that this was actually fun to watch. It was fast moving and entertaining. What it wasn't was original, I know it's a remake but even so this type of movie has been done a million times and most of them better then this. That said though again this was pretty entertaining and kept me watching and interested the entire time. Almost all the reviews that I read for this really roasted it and I'm not entirely sure it deserves all the bad press it got. Its worth watching but nothing I would buy. Overall, nothing original or really scary but it was entertaining like a movie should be. I give it a B.
This movie was almost literally painful to watch. I waited for it to get better, but it somehow managed to just get worse. It is amazing that I can't even think of one good thing to say about it. Thank goodness it wasn't longer. I think it could very well be the worst movie I have ever seen. It isn't just bad, but even in the weird and bizarre scenes it amazingly fails to be interesting. Absolute garbage pretty well sums it up, except that is probably being to kind to this movie (or perhaps unfair to actual garbage). I really wanted to give it zero stars.
I appreciate what is was for the era and it does have some entertainment value, however, it is lacking in real thrill or surprise.
This movie was okay, but the subject matter was just like numerous past science fiction films.  All in all, it was an enjoyable movies for a night at home.
I would love to know who the brilliant person was who decided this needed a pilot, they must be on some good drugs. What would be the plot lines progression from sad pilot in new episodes? This show right from go was a snore.. I don't think anyone is waiting to watch Malcolm and Bernadette on a weekly basis? Saffron's character was hey I am a slut. The music made me want the characters to put their instruments in their happy places like American Pie. Gael is not well known.The younger cast was just tri-hard and failing.The only laughs was the kid getting lessons.If this is voted in people be cra cra'!
Cute enough series to pass the time. Definitely turn to this before you watch a &#34;real&#34; reality show, but overall this is just an okay premise with pretty good acting and production.
I love science fiction.  There aren't enough good movies out there.  This one was pretty good and didn't make me feel like it was made for kids.
As much as I love Mark Valley as an Actor (Human Target), and I think bringing him into the mix here was a good idea, how Delaney treats him and her own character has totally changed the show.  Her attitude is just disgusting now, and they lost me as a viewer after the third episode.  I dont see it as making it to season 4 without MAJOR changes in her attitude towards others.
This series is a bit too quirky for my taste, but the photography and the desert scenery are great. Also, it gave me a good sense of the Mexico-Texas border region that I never visited. Some of the characters are a pleasure to watch, but there are others that I couldn't relate to. (Are there really such people?) However, the acting is of a generally high calibre. The story line is very unpredictable, which may appeal to some viewers.
Not a fan of Gere but this story wasn't too bad. Had some good twists on what could have been a rehashed, tired storyline. The language was way over the top though.
I can see why people would enjoy this pilot, so definitely take this with a grain of salt. It's free, so you may as well decide for yourself.That said, I felt the whole thing was overplayed. The notion that some mysterious disaster takes place, causing people to take to the streets and freak out as the next loud occurrence plays out may be realistic, but it's also a haggard film trope. Then, you get a group of strangers who are drawn together in the midst of all this, each with a tattoo that seemingly bears relevance to their situation. You get the weird, vaguely human creature that contorts its limbs in seemingly impossible ways (and could easily be seen crawling on the ceiling in a Japanese horror flick). The characters were especially poor representations of humanity IMO as well. Talk about every conceivable socal and racial cliche, all bundled together into a group of seven people.What I really thought was that Chris Carter was trying too hard to be relevant. The production was great, the cast was approachable enough (if you ignore the terrible cliches), the scenery was vivid....it just suffered from being a boring rehash of so many other stories out there. A solid pass for me personally.Carter should be trying to write something original rather than steal from every popular movie/television trope.
What a fake boring waste of time.  Seems like its scripted with bad acting.  Won't ever watch again.  Maybe he should get wife #6 and get rid of these, lol
Starts off like every other lost footage tape, happy, clueless, American family camping in the open feilds,.. when they see strange lights....then the movie turns into a cheep hand held camera version, of a wanna be (PREDATOR) without a hero...and notfornuthin...project bluebook was dismantled in 1968...so there true story, statements are at best missleading that this  was a real mufon case file....not so.....well it was a good atempt..the writers should have done better reserch ...but if your in to alien movies??You will not learn anything new or see any great special effects...Lame attempt at what could have been a really intresting thriller,....the producers just should have have done better reserch***
Episode 1 was boring. Too contrived. Its just not compelling to watch. Robin Williams is funny but that isn't enough to keep me interested for more than 5 minutes.
This was pretty good in a Space Balls kind of way. It is by no means high quality, but it's entertaining. With a little work I think it could be good.
This is another gold mining reality tv show. It gets three stars because its slightly better than most reality shows these days. Not great. But maybe a cut above. Its *less* fake than many other shows.A construction outfit from Alabama goes down to Guyana in South America to strike it rich gold mining. The people come across as mostly competent and authentic. And seeing what happens when they get put in a totally different situation from their normal work is mildly interesting. They also did mostly what they said they were going to do. There was the usual "drama" and maybe it seemed better just by comparision to other reality shows these days.The lesson at the end, as with all of these shows, is that gold mining is never easy and there isn't much money to be made by small-time operations. But all the same, it was good to see these people try to do something rather than sit around.
the plots and writing are getting thin but the babes are great.Of course, here in Florida I assure you most of the girls are about 100 lbs. beefier.I still am entertained thought so I watching all the remaining episodes/
Hmm, no words for this one.
Season 1 was not a master piece by any means, but it was entertaining enough. I could see why they decided to make a season 2. However, they switched one of the main actors which was really weird. It also appears as they switched the writers as well. The story lines were just terrible, and the actors did not seem to believe in them either. I fast forwarded through each episode.
It's hard to find any original and well made American horror films these days, so if you're cool with subtitles, give this one a shot.  There's a decent story here, and although it's not perfectly executed, I overlooked that flaw due to the consistent tension and well designed sense of impending doom.  My biggest complaint was that it felt like it could have been at least two different films, but only because some of the themes it touches upon could very well have made into their own movies, but that's a small price to pay for a well done, well acted, b horror movie.  Worth a late night viewing if you're a horror hound like yours truly.
I guess this type of cartoon or animation is not my 5 year old songs favorite. He didn't care to watch any more of these.
I gave this one a try because I'd seen Buffy the Vampire Slayer ( and generally liked it) and Angel (often liked it, especially in the early episodes) and liked Eliza Dushku in each of them. I was never as happy with this series- not liking the concept of people renting out their bodies to be &#34;imprinted&#34; with recorded memories/ personalities of other individuals to be used as desired. Ms. Dushku could perform quite a range of characters whether as a prostitute or agent on a mission-for me she was really the only reason to watch Dollhouse.That unaired pilot, I think they called it on the DVD, &#34;Echo&#34; obviously was rewritten for the second season finale, not much better here than there. In my opinion, if you're short on money look for 1st season in the bargain bin, and skip 2nd entirely.
This one is a real snoozer. Don't believe anything you read or hear, it's awful. I had no idea what the title means. Neither will you.
Not the finest example of a &#34;mockdoc,&#34; with gratuitous gore that seems to go beyond explaining the reasons for the deeper problems of the bay itself... somehow, the notion that chicken droppings could cause so much pain, angst and horror seems rather far fetched until one realizes that the politicians &#8212; as usual&#8212; manage to make a mess of everything. S of the acting talent actually managed a good job, and the script took some pains to scientifically explain how such an occurrence could come to pass, even though far fetched... but isn't that the task of science fiction? If you have a wee bit of time to view a different approach to the natural disaster scenario, go for it... just don't go swimming where chickens are clucking.
I was interested at first but the language and the same drama as every other boat show out there.  Really lets bring back some history things and let these sink into the water
Whenever another television adaptation of a Stephen King novel comes around, I always feel a little wary. Some of his supernatural offerings seem better suited left to the imagination as opposed to getting a literal screen treatment. That's not to say that there haven't been good interpretations. There have. But there have been just as many failures as successes. If anyone should have a sense of King, it is director Mick Garris who collaborated on previous TV efforts include "The Stand" and the much maligned "The Shining" miniseries. For me, "Bag of Bones" falls squarely in the middle ground of King's television presentations. It has been simplified and changed in ways that purists and/or fans of the novel may not appreciate. But for those unfamiliar with the story, it has its share of pleasures as well. For those expecting big scares, however, the pacing of this two-part miniseries may be a little off-putting. I would describe this as a melancholy murder mystery enhanced by supernatural elements as opposed to any kind of horror show.Not surprisingly, King sticks close to the topics he knows. The protagonist in "Bag of Bones" is (once again) a popular writer, played by Pierce Brosnan, who is pushed to the brink of sanity in picturesque Maine. Reeling from a personal tragedy and trying to push through writer's block, Brosnan settles into his family's lakefront country estate. The town is populated by a typical array of eccentrics including a plucky single mother (Melissa George) and an evil town bigwig (TV stalwart William Schallert). It seems that this quaint little berg has seen its share of unpleasantness with a series of murderous drownings through the years. Brosnan starts communing with spirits in the afterlife, and the central mystery seems to have something to do with a blues singer named Sara Tidwell (Anika Noni Rose) of a bygone era. Past and present meet as Brosnan seeks to establish a connection and put a long standing mystery to rest.The leisurely pace allows the viewer to really get to know Brosnan, and he gives a solid lived-in performance. The cast also has Jason Priestly, Matt Frewer, and Annabeth Gish (perhaps the most underrated actress working), but none of them has anything to do before all but disappearing. George is likable enough, but the teleplay doesn't really establish a relationship between her and Brosnan before forcing them together. Schallert is menacing fun and his female companion is a hoot. Noni Rose gets a couple of welcome musical numbers, but isn't developed with much depth. Everything is so straightforward and uncomplicated in this adaptation, it is never very hard to envision where the screenplay is taking you. And when you finally get there, it is so rushed and rather unconvincing.It's fair to say that this adaptation of "Bag of Bones" lacks the subtleties and shadings of the novel--but that's probably to be expected. If you aren't anticipating big thrills or an exact replication of the book's plot, I might still recommend this for Brosnan's performance. Without commercials, this clocks in at just over three hours. I, personally, liked this slow build (although someone who watched with me declared it a snooze-fest). I just wished that when we got to the conclusion, it had offered up something of a surprise. Still, it was enjoyable enough. However, it is not a particularly memorable endeavor when you think about all of the King adaptations that have been produced through the years (would they and could they all be made by Frant Darabont for the big screen!). KGHarris, 12/11.
I couldn't take more than three episodes of this insufferable, nonsensical, distorted, often confusing rendition of Dracula, which, to a lover like myself of the traditional vampire legend, came across as unpardonable sacrilege from every fundamental point of view you can imagine.I'll be astonished if this meandering venture into the absurd -- geez, at least if were good tongue-in-cheek! -- manages to last  through Season Two without being pitilessly yanked off the air.Resurrect (if at all possible) vampire count Christopher Lee, and consign Jonathan Rhys Meyers' useless Dracula to the scrap heap of cinematic bombs!
Clearly not for me since I am not a Gleek or a fan of musicals in general. I fail to see the necessity of of breaking out in song that doesn't enhance the overall storyline, and cannot imagine a show of this calibre having the staying power to survive a season.
Missed the Grade and slid off the road. The writers must have been snowed in because is no longer worth watching.
Not since "Rush Hour" has there been two more mismatched investigators. Jake Wilde (Kellan Lutz- Matt Damon light) teams up with an Indonesian policeman, Lieutenant Hashim (Ario Bayu) to go after the killer of the Sultana (Atiqah Hasiholan). She was the Princess Di of Indonesia. Malik (Mickey Rourke) soon appears as the bad guy who uses reluctant Jihadists to steal art and jewels.The plot doesn't have any real twists, although the identity of Jake changes from scene to scene. This is a "me too" crime action drama that never grabs you because the characters are written so bland. I felt like I was watching a serious Bollywood production without the dance numbers. The film has some interesting scenes, but for the most part is not worth a rental.Parental Guide: No F-bombs. Brief male nudity (Kellan Lutz glute)
This looks to be kind of like the X-Files.  People forced into a group fighting unusual events.  My feeling is that each week, another leaf of the onion will be pealed off with a never ending future.  I want a beginning, middle, and end of any series that I get involved in.  Not a beginning, and ad-infiniteum middle.
I only watched the first & second shows so this review does not show a development of the plot(s). I was bored and thought it not sufficient to pay to see it. Perhaps it succeeded later.
Parody of romantic comedies is a huge disappointment given all of the talent involved.  The idea was to do a meta romantic comedy that comments on all of the clich&eacute;s of the genre while also indulging in them--it feels like two thirds of the movie features the actors talking in air quotes.  Unfortunately with his focus on being clever writer director David Wain forgot to bring any laughs.  Seriously, I've seen god-awful straight-to-video horror movies by The Asylum that were much funnier than this.Not that it matters but if They Came Together really wanted to parody Hollywood romantic comedies then Amy Poehler is miscast--she isn't pretty enough to be a lead in an actual Hollywood romantic comedy and would likely end up playing the sassy best friend.  Paul Rudd, on the other hand, has the leading man good looks but he isn't capable of elevating weak material, which is what he's stuck with here.Some people may be able to get on the same wavelength as They Came Together but I found it to be an unfunny drag that was torture to sit through--I actually stopped the movie several times and pondered whether it was worth trying to make it to the end or not.  It wasn't.
Fun animated pilot not sure how long a series like this will hold my attention. Stereotype humor. No surprises in the storyline.
Despite some terrific acting performances (with Seth Rogen shining by dialing down his goofiness to a level that actually works) this whole thing is let down by a very weird script. At times the dialogue rings true and at other times it's just plain off kilter. The whole movie is off kilter. Trying to make Toronto seems sexy seems well so...pretentiously like the wannabe New Yorkers are that make up Toronto (sorry, director Sarah Polley, but you only reconfirmed what the rest of Canada thinks of people from Tarrana).I'll admit, as in the Making Of extra adds, that the lighting was very unique and a lot of what Polley does is good but I don't think she's yet capable of making a truly good movie until she gets a bit older and gains some life experience. The characters written seem stunted adults whose attempts at justifying their actions seem childish and childlike.Also, what was up with making the artist a rickshaw driver? Really, that's his part-time job? There're still rickshaw drivers in 2012 in the Centre of The Universe?Then explain to me what was up with the amount of showers Michelle Williams seemed to take. We even get a women's water aerobics class shower scene-a-go-go that runs like some Porky's meets health science scene.The biggest head scratcher is when (SPOILER ALERT) Williams leaves Rogen for the artist, we get a montage that features a FFM and a MMF threesome. So we're supposed to believe that throughout the lengthy chaste "courtship" that actually Williams was secretly a freaky sexplorer?The entire movie does not compute despite it trying to have a say on modern relationships.
It's OK and that is about all I can say now.  Fritzi needs a shave and Opie came back brain damaged and believable at it.  They are not too bad at telling a story in 45 minutes.
Starting to stretch too much
I do not watch the sport of football, or any sport for that matter but I found this show to be highly entertaining and a good drama. You can't help but root for the owner of the team as she learns how to run a franchise of this magnitude, the newly appointed, still wet behind the ears, General manager and for the players themselves. You want to add this drama to your play list.
I got perhaps 10 minutes into...and stopped.  Not a chance I'm even going to finish it  I saw enough.The language is extremely offensive.  No, I don't have to watch this show...and I won't.The initial premise is intriguing...but sorry, I simply won't have that language shoved into my ears and mind in the name of &#34;art.&#34;There are more than enough TV-MA shows on television, we don't need still another such show pushing the boundaries/limits of what is considered &#34;acceptable&#34; TV fare.You want a hit show?  Clean this one up, and let it me something I can watch with my kids.
The plot moves slowly and the characters aren't that compelling. I go back to this series from time to time to &#34;cleanse my palate&#34; so to say.
This season was just OK for me, Hank's brother, Evan, is a Royal Pain!! There is a big plot arc in this season involving him and a neighbor trying to destroy their company and yawn. Same old, same old. Over all the season was OK but is missing a lot of the first two seasons ....Hank! He makes this show and the more Evan is silent the better the show is.
Weak writing.  Which brings about weak acting.  I feel like if I could have written the script for this show, you're in trouble.  Not worth the money.
After season five, it appears that the writers ran out of lines. But then they had played the same main story for 5 seasons. Priests falls for woman, stops being a priest. While season six appears to have an independent story line, it is limping along. Which explains why no season 7.
Call me crazy (go ahead, do it), but a town dominated by a bunch of grown men who all dress like bikers and commit crimes is about as credible as a white-collar married father-of-three being a massive pothead well into his forties.  Let's get real.  You might have difficulty getting into this show because most of the people on the show are, how you say, sorely lacking in reedeming qualities.I watched all the episodes as they premiered on FX and found them to be well-written and well-executed, but I originally tuned in because I'm a Ron Perlman fan.  I've never ridden a motorcycle or broken a beer bottle over anyone's head, but I do enjoy shows that are different.  Katey Sagal and Ron Perlman do a very good job with their characters.To be honest, I had (and have) a hard time caring about the main character, Jax Teller, played by Charlie Hunnam, who seems like a bit of a turkey and hardly the cool-biker-dude-with-somewhat-of-a-conscience that he's supposed to be.  His tall friend Opie is way cooler and much more likeable.  And it's frankly hard to buy Jax's off-and-on-again relationship with his old flame, Tara, who happens to have gone off to medical school and returned a doctor, but who still digs that biker guy she used to date!  (Jay Karnes of "The Shield" guest-starred on a few episodes as an FBI agent who stalked Tara and I suppose he summed her up appropriately: "Once a biker wh*re, always a biker wh*re!")  Well, come on, how could she resist such a bad boy as Jax Teller!  I mean, he's like Einstein 'cause he wears the same clothes every day!Despite my misgivings, it's a unique show with an interesting albeit not-always-believable storyline.  I'll be tuning in for season two.  But remember, "Sons of Anarchy" is no "Mad Men"!
Ewwww, the scrambled eggs were "wet" and slimy looking....made me want to gag. I'm sorry, but I prefer mine cooked all the way, which I guess equals over-cooked, but I can't stand them runny or shiny in any way. If I were making them, I would have let them cook for at least another minute or until they were not longer "wet". I also wanted to say, that apparently this is NOT the way to cook scrambled eggs if you want them to be really awesome. I've read that you're supposed to cook them over a really low heat for a looonnngggg time, over half an hour! And that cooking them like that makes them taste incredible. But, who wants to take that much time to cook scrambled eggs?!And, HELLO! They're basically promoting using peanut butter with the dreaded hydrogenated oil in it! No mention of the ingredients (I noticed the Jiff said "peanut butter spread" and "90% peanuts" on the label, which makes me wonder what the other 10% is...) or the fact that hydrogenated oil contains TRANS FATS which I thought were supposed to be extremely detrimental to your health. And in case you didn't know, manufacturers remove the peanut oil and replace it with a cheaper oil like soy or canola oil. I mean, who wants all that nasty peanut oil in their peanut butter anyway...? They can make more money selling the peanut oil by itself!Well, I understand it's not a show about health food, but then they showed how to make a nice, and really healthy sounding, cranberry nut muffin. Yeah, I know what you're thinking...it had all those pecans in it, but nuts are good for you, and it's not like you're going to eat ALL the muffins yourself...right?So, minus 2 stars for the slimy eggs and bad peanut butter choices. I still like the show, but just wanted to comment on this episode.Thanks!
My two year old daughter really likes this show, but I find it hard to watch with her. There are plenty of better options out there that are both entertaining and educational. (Sesame Street, Curious George, Caillou, the Leapfrog series)
I have a theory, possibly true, possibly not, than any movie involving someone named Zach or Josh will be terrible.  This movie falls into the terrible category.  A great noir has a sense of inevitability about it, but also surprise.  This film had nothing but cliches without irony.  Lets see incestuous Southern siblings,  Father and daughter cops. Violent boxer in jail for something who throws a fight.  In a great noir, the boxer's taking a fall would have something to do with the killers.  But that would be a film I'd like to watch, not a film like that I laughed my way through.  Now, Todds are solid in the film world.  Maybe if a Todd had written or directed this film, it might have been better.  How did this movie get made?  How?
With a setup like this the viewer knows, within a flip of a coin, how it will end. So it isn't the destination that matters. It's the trip itself.Here's the scoop. Alice and John (Juno Temple and Michael Angarano) don't have two cents to rub together. Worse yet, they rent a small house from a high school acquaintance who is a real jerk. After John loses his job they are involved in an auto accident. Alice spies a teapot in a nearby shop and is compelled to steal it. The teapot coughs up money when either of them experiences pain, so they do all manner of things to one another to cause extreme pain and become rich. The quest for more dough becomes all consuming and begins to ruin their lives. What to do?This is an Okay, enjoyable film but it's played on a lighter note. Michael Angarano is always likable and he's no different here. I don't quite get Juno Temple. She doesn't have a good camera face and she has a whiny voice. So what am I missing? Anyway...they do work well together. Even under their economic woes they are in love and care for one another, so it becomes disheartening to witness the physical and emotional pain they inflict on themselves and one another to get the teapot to cough up more moolah. Then when they realize they can get oodles more money by inflicting pain on others (even as murder is considered) that things get dark. Then there are the side characters. I just don't see Hasidic Jews going around beating people up and shooting them. That kind of killed things for me. And Arnie, the guy from whom they rent the house is written and acted poorly. That whole thing needed punching up. It just didn't ring true.This is an enjoyable flick. It has enough surprises to keep the average viewer in the game. Just don't expect a life altering experience when it's over.
The battles and plot lines have gotten better. The acting is good.It is a very enjoyable show.So glad they got rid of that story announcer half way through the season! It was stupid.
Thought I might give this a view and found it to be better than expected,given the absence of a big city drop or a ensemble cast. The story line developed into something more than expected and it's up to the viewer to decide. I may give another episode a try,but it's not Morse or Lewis.
Decent drama and good actors, but difficult to follow.  Not the same type of suspense as the Broadchurch or Whitechapel mysteries.
I found the development of this series to be ponderous in the beginning; the saving grace is Helen Mirren who is unable to comfortably smoke a cigarette. This and the slow development of the plot make for a less than delightful series. I don't know if I will go on to watch the second episode. I probably will and I do want the series to elevate itself in my mind. This is a contemporary series, which I don't usually watch but I think I am willing to give it a second chance.
Aimed at a teenage audience that wants the wish fulfillment of having powers and being special and joining a tribe.  Not science fiction at all and the human story isn't anything I can relate to either.  For it's audience I'm sure it's fine, but not for me.
Looks like they found a thrown away plot from the SciFi Channel and decided to hire the same level Grade B- actors.  I have to say, I am amazed at the positive reviews, and I am no TV snob.  I can handle some lame TV, but this has the trifecta of predictability, poor acting, and a dumb (I mean really dumb) plot.  Been there done that, threw the tee shirt away.
I must have but totally do mot remember it. That is really telling as a memorable movie will stock with me forever and will usually become a purchase.
&#34; Morris also creates commercials to support liberal candidates and causes. &#34; About.com biography.  Just another Michael Moore that is trying to paint a picture of Republicans as evil boogey men.  I turned off after about half since it is obviously not an impartial evaluation of Donald Rumsfeld. I am not a Bush fan but all the five stars above must be Obama voters getting just what they expected from this guy.
There is nothing like an oddball Thai noir film with Ryan Gosling. Ryan runs a fight club in Thailand. His older brother Billy kills a prostitute. Billy in turn is killed by the father of the dead girl, assisted by a vigilante cop (Vithaya Pansringarm). Ryan realizes his brother was no saint and doesn't enact revenge and then the over the top drug dealing potty mouthed mom (Kristin Scott Thomas) shows up to makes things worse.The main problem with this film is that Ryan's character was never developed, or developed to the point you cared about him. It was a bad role. The drug dealing, while discussed wasn't really part of the plot other than background material. The background of Billy, was told to us as was many plot points that didn't mesh well into an enjoyable tale. Kristin Scott Thomas' character carried the film for what it was worth.This film is clearly not for everyone and I give three stars for its uniqueness and potential, not the entertainment value.Parental Guide: F-bomb, N-word. No nudity (unless you count art). No sex. Adult themes.
Not least because of Johannson's lovely person, but those are brief scenes. Seeing her floating in darkness or against the rugged Scottish terrain, seeing the face of her last victim and even her own face looking back at her and blinking, all contribute to intensity of imagery that's hard to beat. It supports the cryptic plot and dark ambience, where Scarjo forms the first link in the chain that abducts men (and only men) for purposes unknown. The mood develops throughout the film, as Scarjo's character seems to crumble from within.But, in the end, it's only mood, with barely a plot to point to and more left unresolved than not. This must be the most ambiguous SF film sinceThe Man Who Fell to Earth. Even that, to my eye, spoke in a clearer voice than this, and that movie is not known for clarity.Visually strong, but even that strength isn't enough to pull this one together.-- wiredweird
TOO MUCH CURSING AND PUT DOWN OF CHARACTERS.
Good premise. It's the talent that keeps me.Tim Gunn is an insightful wonderful teacher, mentor. I look forward to seeing more unique perspectives in this industry.
First off I'm gonna lay this on the table-I'm a big Dario Argento fan.  I"m actually a big, geeky Argento fanboy. As a matter of fact, Argento is my favorite film director.  Even got to meet him once.  So now that you know that, you'll probably assume that I tend to give many of his recent films the benefit of the doubt.  That's true, I do try to look for the positives, but I'm not deaf or blind-I am well aware that Argento's films have been a little.....lacking.... in the last decade or so.  It's the same kinda deal with guys like Romero and Hooper, where you don't really like to admit to yourself that they just aren't putting out very good stuff anymore.But I like to keep the faith.  I like to think that one day Argento will come out with something that'll kick us all in the teeth and make us forget about Phantom of the Opera or Giallo, or....take your pick.With a heavy heart I have to say that his version of Dracula just isn't that movie.  I mean, hell, the idea sounds great in theory, doesn't it?  Dario Argento taking on Dracula?  Of course in this daydream, it's the Suspiria era Argento taking on Dracula that I'm imagining, not the Mother of Tears/Giallo director.  So, yes, the idea of Argento doing a Hammer-esque movie sounds great.  But it isn't.If this film didn't already have Argento's name slapped onto it, I'd have had no idea he had directed it.  There's really nothing about it that says, "This is a Dario Argento movie"-except for maybe his daughter baring her breasts.  What would a post 1993 Argento movie be without Asia showing us her boobs and/or butt?  In fact, this movie looks like something you'd see on the Syfy channel.  Syfy Channel Presents Dracula!  I would have guessed that before Argento had I gone into this totally ignorant.Thomas Kretchmann  makes for one of the most unmemorable movie Draculas of all time.  I kinda like the fact that Argento decided to try an actor who didn't fit the stereotypical Dracula look......but he still isn't good.  In fact, nobody here is that good.  Hauer just barely reaches good.There is way too much CGI in this film.  You want to instantly ruin a film for me, throw in some CGI, especially in places where it is totally lazy and unnecessary-like showing a spider crawl through it's web.  Or flies buzzing around a room. Or how about the silly CGI "WHOOSH" that accompanies Dracula when he's supposed to be moving fast?  Like in the scene where he charges into Harker's room and attacks him!  Find me someone who thinks this looks good and I'll eat my Official Sun Records baseball cap.  CGI has no place in a horror film to begin with, and while it looks lifeless and flat when done "well", it's especially irritating when it's lousy, as it is here.What the hell happened here?  What's happened to Dario Argento?  I'm not giving up on the guy, but something really went wrong here.  Unfortunately this will be a lot of peoples' first exposure to Argento.  If you're one of these people, please don't think this is a great representation of Dario Argento's work.  That would be like judging Judas Priest solely by the Turbo album.I'm a bit let down, but I know Argento still has a great one in him.  Lets just hope he doesn't try for Frankenstein next, though.
This season has a lost a lot of the charm and characters from the earlier seasons.  They just disappeared and we're not quite as fond of the new people and situations.
Malcolm MacDowell and Bernadette Peters! Unfortunately, they are only guest stars, and the rest of the cast is young, pretty types, and it seems to be a sort of young, improbably pretty classical musicians struggling to find love and success in the Big Apple. Yawn
Had great potential for the plot, but got boring and predictable after the third episode. The robot guy is attractive but got old. Not engaging enough.
I have watched a lot of the hoarder shows because I had an aunt that was a hoarder but she died when I was young so I don't really remember much about her condition.  I tried watching the shows about people who hoard animals but it was so repulsive to see how these animals were treated when the owners thought they were loving the animals, but were in fact endangering their health by having so many.  I had to stop watching it.  This series is like the worst of the worst.  I just do NOT understand how people can live like this - I realize it's a disorder but I honestly could not sleep in a urine soaked mattress on the floor with roaches, spiders, rats and lizards crawling all over me at night because I couldn't bring myself to take out trash.  So please be warned that you must have a strong stomach to watch this show (in my opinion).  I've watched a few episodes from this season, but I've read some of the descriptions of the others and think to myself ... no, I've had enough.  Now, let me go clean my bathroom and organize my closets.
After you have watched a few series there is no more mystery. Its just something to pass time when I have nothing to do.
C'mon Amazon!  You gave me Alpha House and Betas.  This is just bad.  Stereotypes abound!  The opening was lame.  The premise is lame.  The actors are walking through their parts.  Sorry, but I couldn't handle more than 10 minutes of this tripe.  NEXT.
derivative but not in a good way.  Took all the goofy things from the movie ( right down to an Asian with a Minesotan accent ) and just replayed them.  Dumb.
This program is similar to &#34;My Ghost Story&#34; except for the following: the stories are presented by celebrities and the sightings are reenactments--no video or audio recordings of the apparitions are presented. But like &#34;My Ghost Story&#34; I find the histories of the locations of the sightings and the people who lived there much more interesting.
The premise and execution of this pilot didn't connect with me on any level. There were way too many extraneous shots of Los Angeles. The one thing I felt this potential series could have going for it is Natalie Zea. She makes for a perfect TV comic lead. I just wish the rest of the pilot were up to her level. I could see this appealing to Amazon's more mainstream audience, which is not a bad thing. Just not my bag.
Apparently these Mystery Science Theatre movies all have a built-in front row of &#34;hecklers&#34; in them. they weren't funny, just annoying and distracting. if it hadn't been for that I might have watched it, but kept fast-fowarding it thinking they would be gone but no luck. How stupid.
I'm all for change, nothing wrong with changing the format up when it is for the better, but who ever thought this was for the better is crazy. It had a few ok moments at best, but all the will they won't they crap, angst and all that nonsense was just annoying as heck. Plus it was pretty much Battlestar Galactica 2.0, as much as they try to deny it, that is all it was.
It was just ok.
It seems like there is a lot more staged acting rather than the reality of their lives. It looking a lot more fake than previous seasons. Still entertaining and I'll continue to watch, but you can tell A&E are doing a lot more scripting than before.
The concept of this show is good. The people in this show are not. It seems to me like they blame all of these &#34;hauntings&#34; on objects that would look cool in their museum.'I believe this object is the reason why your home is haunted. What would you like to do? I can take it to my museum for you and rid you of the haunting.'Tools.
This could have been so much better. The filmmaker has an Organic Industry bias that is very difficult to over come, but at least you were warned up front. It would have been nice to have more of the chemical use exposed as well as what these &#34;organic approved&#34; chemicals are doing to pollute our water and soils. There is the wrong belief that just because it is &#34;natural&#34; and might have come from a food (e.g. lemon juice) it is harmless.  This is so far from the truth as these &#34;organic approved&#34; chemicals typically need to be applied in such high volumes to provide even moderate protection that we are seeing acidification of soils and ground water contamination.It would have been nice to expose the GMO hypocrisy as well as large scale &#34;organic&#34; farms do use seeds that have been genetically modified to ripen faster, have a more consistent size, shape, and color.  I was very glad to see them give a few minutes to imported &#34;organics&#34; and how they might not be so &#34;organic&#34;.  It was good that they drove home the point that Organic Foods is a marketing scheme, not a reality. Sadly, they toned down this reality by &#34;interviewing&#34; certified so-called organic farmers who over and over stated they are pure organic farmers and that the consumer needs to believe in the certificate.The solution is to grow what you can and get to know your local produce farmer and if you like their methods buy from them. Do not buy organics that come from Big Ag or that are imported. And for your own health and safety, do not buy leafy foods labeled organic from grocery stores. Buy these only from well known local suppliers. Lastly, understand that if a chemical is killing a pest, it is harmful to the environment. It does not matter if that chemical comes from Dow Chemicals or a tonne of lemons.
Ok , so all the CSI sresies have wooden acting , dumb plots and poor writing . However this is even worse because of David Carusos lame overacting . Watching him take his sunglasses on and off and his pathetically delivered jokes at the crime scene are sadly funnier than most comedies .
like a middle section of the xfiles without the moulder scully chemistry. the young girl is portrayed as too irrational and the young man too lucky.
How many renditions of Pride and Prejudice have been done out there?Far too many...This one is passable..The story has not been adaptedbeyond recognition for which I am thankful. and their saving grace isof course Colin Firth..I liked most everyone else to a point..there wasa great ability for type casting and each character was hit at the topso they had no place to go for development which is just sad as each onecan do more.  Too black and white..this person is the person period.  Nothow Jane intended..All the actors are fine, talented people but theywere put on a short leash..It ends up to be enjoyable if you are not overwhelmedby the stilted commonality of it all.
This is specifically about Population 25.  I've loved the Longmire series up to that point.  It's the perfect combination between the old cowboy and the modern world.  The casting and character development are wonderful.  However...  Population 25's depiction of violence was beyond the pale.  It is one thing to see the evidence of brutality; it is another to have to witness it in process.  Up until this point, I would have recommended this show as a family show, but not now.  If this trend continues, I will stop watching it and buying it.
Didn't hold my interest and turned off the film after the first five minutes.  That's my impression and not a slam on this film without viewing it longer.
Like the film &#34;Gravity&#34; this works more toward speculative fiction than science fiction though it does have some leanings toward the latter. The results are a mixed bag.Here's the scoop. The first manned space mission to move further than our moon is on its way to the Jupiter moon Europa because there is evidence of water there and, hence, the possibility of life. The mission reaches Europa but technical problems and an unseen force throw a monkey into the wrench.This is supposed to be 'found footage' film but the multiple camera angles and adroit editing throw that down the tubes pretty early on. This reads like a regular movie. The idea is good and they do their darndest to get the technical jargon right and make it believable. The viewer does get the a good sense of being there with the crew. The problem is that it is a bit on the dull side. Two of the high tension points come later in the film and both lack a certain immediacy. The technical glitch should have been more intense, while the unseen force is too vague. It makes its presence known but there are few clues the crew can assemble to figure out what they're dealing with.The acting is all spot on. The crew interact with each other in a way you figure a  crew of professionals, spending some four years confined with one another, would act. I suppose that's another point. There are few ups and downs in the pitch of the script. Even during the tense points, all remain pretty even tempered.This is a very watchable film and those involved worked hard to keep this from being a cheap shot. They strove for believability which they achieved. Unfortunately, they did so at the expense of portraying something that is inherently awe inspiring as something not so much so.
Completely unreal.  I can't see anyone leaving some of the things they come up with.  No one leaves rare coins and valuable artwork.
I didn't like season 2 quite as well as season 1. I felt like it got progressively more violent instead of more interesting. Perhaps  that's to be expected as he becomes more and more involved in the lives of various citizens. Some of these families are like the Hatfields and McCoys; there is bad blood between them and you just know there is bound to be violence in the picture.
I love the Onion site but not this tv show. I wanted to like the show but could not it was just not as funny to me. They do a lot more riskier jokes on thier site I think.
There are so many strands of story lines, and to be perfectly honest - I haven't the faintest if they ever connected.  The worst part is that I got to the end and I didn't even care anymore. Hedge funds, missing assets, lovers, accident, dead lover, penguins, photoshop...okay, okay...there weren't any penguins...I don't think.  Gere and Sarandon are always good.  They could do an episode of 'Keeping up With the Kardashians' and it would be good...I may even watch 'Honey Boo Boo' if they showed up on there, but the rest?  I couldn't even tell you who they were now and it's been less than 10 minutes.  Okay...I lie a bit, but seriously...my official statement about 'Arbitrage' is meh.  What is arbitrage anyway? And do I care?
I always enjoy watching John Goodman, I'm not exactly sure why.  He's just so damn likable. That's the only reason I give this three stars.It had several amusing moments, but nothing that would make you laugh out loud, or even audibly.They might be able to turn this one around, with some better writing.
I enjoyed the previous seasons more.  The continuing saga of the Hesington Oil trial - twists and turns- trying to keep up got a little tedious.  Three episodes -beginning - middle - end would have been enough.  I was also glad Mike took another job.  It was beginning to be a little dubious - how long was he going to practice law without a license!
I'm not happy with the series ending. The last episode leaves with a cliffhanger that of course will never be resolved.If you're considering the series, start with season 1 and watch it in order. It won't make much sense otherwise.
Acting was good, but the plot was stale and the theme lacked attention grabbing effect. The &#34;theme&#34; gave just Too much detail with the &#34;problems&#34; of everyone!The personal crap got in the way of the plot and made the plot secondary.  If you ever watched a weekday soap-box show, then this movie format was an exact copy!  Very disappointing.  The actors were better than this and their talents never really supported the plot.  Very generous on my part with a &#34;3-star rating&#34;.
Left me wanting to see the next episode just to see what would happen. It was a great show and the actors seemed to have it together.
... in this flick (which seems to justify war and butchery as morally necessary to preserve honor) there is plenty of action, but the plot is confusing. Bandits become warriors, and warriors become victors, and then the generals are destroyed by the diplomatic and power-hungry warlords who really finance the wars, but do not fight themselves but orchestrate them. Jet Li, as usual, wears the same mask of dedication and self-confidence of all his films. He is worth watching.
Cross between Glee x Ugly Betty, yeah, I don't think so.  I believe in diversity, but you can't always appease to everyone.
This season sucks! How fun is it to watch Don Draper not at the top of his game. He just seems so pitiful this season and it just doesn't fit with the character's cockiness! I'm hating it.
Even with the best effort of suspended disbelief this is profoundly difficult to watch. The chaotic street scenario is so preposterous as is the rest of this exercise in an implausible circumstance followed by plot-line buffoonery of the highest order attempting to be a  scifi / doomsday disaster of a pilot episode.
This show has potential but it's disjointed because the episodes didn't air in sequence and you can tell.  I like the characters but it needs to get better in order to get a second season.
Quirky.  Definitely for those who enjoy films which are not from the main stream.  Romance, sweet characters and having skipped through much of it to the end.  I'm almost glad I watched it.
Well, I saw it last night and I must say it was far more enjoyable than I thought it would be, but is also seemed like a betrayal of the whole Star Trek universe up to this point, and of course I'd spoil it for anyone who didn't know already why I'd say that, and anyone who has seen the movie knows exactly why I'd say that, so I won't say it.(I just wrote one of the longest run-on sentences in a review evah!  I'm keeping it.)So, given that they're blowing up the old universe to reimagine the show, the one part I really didn't like was how Kirk was portrayed.  That is, I really believed I was seeing a young Spock, Scotty, and Uhura, but Kirk (and Chekov) didn't really work for me.  I believe Kirk could have been a "bad boy" in his youth, but I didn't see a future Kirk in that character in the movie.  Sometimes I thought I was watching a bunch of young Star Trek fans get together and roll play for fun.  (Oh, and the Chekov character was not part of the first season of the original Trek series anyway.)Also, the soundtrack was not memorable to me at all, but at least it wasn't boring or overly pompous and it worked for the film.The one big nitpick I've got is the term "Klingon Warbird".  This I believe was a mistake that should have been caught.  Romulans made "warbirds" and Klingons made the "bird of prey" type ships.  So many people seem to have a hard time keeping that straight, but you'd think this would have been caught by people making a Star Trek movie!Anyway, this movie has action, adventure, fun, laughs, and some character development too.  I suppose if you're a Trek fan, the less seriously you take it the more you'll enjoy it, and if you're not already a Trek fan you may just enjoy it period.
"Blue Caprice" is a docu-drama about the DC sniper. It starts with a teen boy in the Caribbean and goes from there. He meets up in the US with his paranoid father/uncle/guy who has a grudge against the system that separates him from his children. He uses the boy to enact revenge.The film doesn't have a lot of action. It is mostly a drama, a means to provide some closure for those who ask "why?" The killing scenes are not overly graphic and in many cases they jump over them as well as skip scenes such as the actual arrest and taking them into custody.The acting was good although Lee (Tequan Richmond) didn't have a lot of lines and seemed to have lost his island accent by the end of the film. I found the film interesting as a biography of the killers, but overall lacking in shear entertainment value. The title is clever when you think about it literally (blue=sad, caprice=impulsive) and not a car.Parental Guidance: F-bomb. No sex or nudity.
This is a wonderful babysitting tool as all of the dream children up to age 12 will sit and watch this without squirming around and &#34;picking on&#34; each other.
Didn't care for this at all but clearly a matter of opinion.
Didn't the Onion News already have a failed TV show and a terrible movie?  Why are they trying this again?  Would work better at 15 minute length at 1am on adult swim.  so far not impressed with the pilots Amazon, NBC would crush you in the ratings and they suck.
I actually wanted to give this show a higher rating due to my fondness for the show and the actors, but realistically, it is a show that takes a while to develop a repoire between the actors, and so while there are definitely some hilarious moments, the show is also definitely still trying to find its rhythm. I can easily recommend watching this, but if you dont have the patience to allow a show to develop over a full season, then you probably wont enjoy this too much
I don't understand how people find shows like this entertaining. If you enjoy Wes Anderson movies you may like this. It definitely has that vibe, I personally don't care for his films myself. Good cast but I do not relate to any of the characters.
Seasons 1-6, I'd give this series 5 stars easy.Granted you had to turn your brain off on certain aspects of it, but the shows in general were crafted quite well, if unbelievable.  The characters were likeable and the series took chance;  many of those chances I didn't really agree on, but still it moved the plot forward.I mean seriously malware delivered as a fractal pattern etched on the end of a bone that is scanned in and causes a whole data centers fans to shut down?I'm lucky to get a 2D object scanned in at 300 dpi, let alone have the scanning software trigger some sort of data center cascade.This last series, isn't bad per se, but seems like they are coasting quite a bit.  Humor isn't quite there, plot lines are of the single episode variety (no season wide big bad).I still watch it, hopefully, but to date, mildly entertaining at best.
While the TV version provides the facts, the indepth character analysis so common in King's books is missing.Enjoyable for easy summer fare.
The writer's went over-board justifying the angry black man. The plots were lose and poorly written. The characters weren't believable and I found myself drifting off watching the series to the point I stopped halfway through. Bad In every aspect.
This is obviously a minority opinion here, but I was not especially high on Season One of THE BIG BANG THEORY.  I first have to confess that sitcoms are my dead bottom least favorite genre of show.  I barely make room for HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER, but all in all it is a format that I find pretty dreadful, on the same level of reality and talent shows and crime procedurals.  I hate the limitations of the camera work, the lack of character development, and -- the worst invention in the history of television -- the laugh track.  Moreover, Season One of TBBT did not get the formula quite right.  Much of it was that they hadn't sufficiently found ways to soften Sheldon's character, who can at times be very funny but at other times -- especially in this season -- be excruciatingly irritating.Season Two saw a number of subtle alterations of the show, mainly softening Sheldon, but also increasing the dynamics between the various characters.  But Season One felt slightly off to me.  I can't help but contrast it somewhat with HOW I MET YOUR MOTHER.  The latter almost acknowledges the limitations of the format and constantly stretches it, including a pretty large number of exterior shots on the Warner Brothers lot.  The show also uses their laugh track much more lightly than TBBT.  Both shows suffer from too small of a cast (a common problem with sitcoms).  The  best comedies are not sitcoms, don't have laugh tracks, are not restricted to sound stages, and have large ensemble casts (cf. MODERN FAMILY, 30 ROCK, ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT, PARTY DOWN, early SCRUBS, and THE OFFICE).On the other hand, it is fun seeing a show with lots of nerd references.  Plus, I've actually known a couple of people who were geniuses along the line of Sheldon (though I should say that perhaps my greatest nerd moment was that when I worked in the University of Chicago Bookstore -- before it became a Barnes & Noble -- Chandrasekhar would always do a beeline to me to get help finding books [hey, having a world class genius -- another Nobel Prize winning physicist told me that in his opinion Chandrasekhar would rank as one of the two great twentieth century physicists after Einstein -- acknowledge your competence on books, even as a lowly book clerk, and nod to you as you walk across the campus may be a faint form of achievement, but if you don't understand this you don't understand the guys on TBBT]).  And as a comic book lover it is fun seeing a show with a lot of references to comics (though they seem to be limited entirely to superhero comics, while that makes up only part of my interest in comics).  But all of this was not quite enough to overcome the sitcom limitations, the laugh track, and irritating way that Sheldon was written in Season One.  The good news is that Season Two represented a huge improvement.  It still isn't among my favorite shows (no sitcom ever could be), but it is one that I will continue to DVR after having caught up on DVD.
This guy Santini rips people as often as he can.  He guesses at everything and when they do their &#34;certification&#34; all it is is him and other people guessing.  No documentation.  Also, he does these death defying escapes that are comical.This show is highly staged and corny.
I want my money back! I DID NOT PAY FOR 16 seconds of commercials before the show or 2 min of commercials after! Your commercials eat up the limited internet usage that I have way out here in the country. I DID love amazon vidoes when it first came out and I have been a VERY loyal customer, and how have I gotten re-paid? By Amazon sneaking in commercials that I DON'T WANT TO WATCH and I PAID so that I would not have to watch!!!! STOP the commercials or start loosing customers!!!
I liked the start. As soon as they got in the elevator it started to lose me and I never recovered.
WARNING: As a conscientious reviewer, I always add a warning to my reviews when there's clearly a campaign to down-vote anything critical. Shame on the voters who do this instead of considering an opinion, and shame on Amazon for expecting me to take my precious time to write a good review only to allow this type of shilling activity with the votes.GHOST MINE ~ general review which I'm putting under this particular episode, seasons 1 (2012) & 2 (2013) is yet another paranormal TV show I watch in order to relax and perhaps obtain a laugh or two. I chanced upon it while I was enjoying the obviously phony shenanigans of DEEP SOUTH PARANORMAL (see my review:Dead On The Bayouwhich is the only episode I was able to review).There is an important preface I think I should add. While the wife and I enjoy paranormal shows as popcorn entertainment and to get a few laughs, we're under no illusions as to their reality. In other words, we know these shows are all 100% fake (though I admit I'm a sucker for PSYCHIC KIDS). They hire actors for these shows, rarely any genuine non-actors. We see the bad acting in every episode; we often recognize the actors as being from other shows.Here it must be obvious the show deals with a haunted mine. This program appears to be influenced by the cynical personality who 'co-hosts' the show, paranormal investigator Patrick Doyle. While stiff as a board with about as much personality, Patrick is a fascinating creature. He is well known for his internet presence as a skeptic and harsh critic of paranormal shows. Recently his internet presence has vanished.So, he and his partner-in-spook-detection, Kristen Lumen (a skittish B-movie actress and hypnotherapist not to be confused with actresses Kristin Lehman or Kristen Lowman) both attached themselves to a gold-mining crew in Sumpter, Oregon. The mine, up in the Elk Horn Mountains, is called The Crescent, yields pretty pathetic gold, but BOY!!--is it ever haunted.The question with GHOST MINE is not whether the whole thing is fake, but rather: How many of the miners are real miners, and if there are real miners on there, how did they get mixed up in this fakery? As to Patrick Doyle (a former skeptic and hater of paranormal shows) and Kristen Lumen (a/k/a Kristen Luman, an awful B-movie bit-player) ... well, show me a paranormal show that DOESN'T have such people. They've got to earn a living!Yet Patrick and Kristen saw fit to attempt to erase their internet presence before going on GHOST MINE. Why do that? To generate publicity? You can't hardly erase your entire net presence, and Kristen is easy to find on the Internet Movie Database while Patrick has left huge footprints all over the web erasing his old skeptical web videos. Food for thought, readers.One thing I already knew which this show exposes is the horrific treatment of Chinese miners from the mid-19th century. There is an episode from season 2 (Massacre at Hell's Canyon) in which Patrick and Kristen travel up a river where several dozen Chinese miners were slaughtered.That is the 'spook-hook': it has to be those poor Chinese miners haunting the area. I watch this show mainly for the miners and their work. The show has an obnoxious soap opera tactic: you're left hanging at the end of each show, basically forcing you to wait a week just to discover what the hell happened. Without spoiling, I can reveal that it does resolve itself--pretty shabbily but dramatically--at the end of season 2 which just aired (I think the week of November 18, 2013).While I enjoy and even learn from watching the miners, I get bored as stiff as Patrick Doyle's lack of personality from watching the investigations. Patrick somehow keeps up his robotic lack of personality while Kristen unashamedly screeches at any little noise. It is pointless to name and describe the mining crew, which I suppose is just another mining crew. However, if they were real miners, I somehow doubt they'd accept a paycheck to be put into THIS kind of chum bucket.My wife and I have spotted (besides the lugubrious and annoying Kristen) at least three actors we have seen in other paranormal TV shows. However, when I think of the way pioneers in true adventure-expidition documentaries, like Marlin Perkins and Jacques Cousteau, also faked some of their material, well ... there's got to be some fakery, it's TV.At least Perkins and Cousteau were doing real work and bringing us real footage. I warn my readership to avoid wasting money on GHOST MINE. Watch it for free on cable and decide for yourselves. What the heck, one day Patrick might actually show some emotion or at least some life behind those shifty eyes--and Kristen might just finally learn how to act!What is occurring with these shows is sad. These shows are being put out there with the claim they are "reality"--in other words, DOCUMENTARIES. If an advertised documentary is not a documentary, then it is a fraud. Jacques Cousteau and Marlin Perkins faked some footage in every show they ever did, but they always admitted it; they were not trying to deceive their audiences.The true problem is we have a law that says there has to be a disclaimer that a show is for entertainment only, which signals that it is a faked show. That law seems to have simply fallen by the wayside--has everyone forgotten the Miss Cleo debacle? Or is it that everyone wants to forget! The disclaimer law I reference was a direct result of Miss Cleo's exposure.GHOST MINE has its strong points, and I have confirmed these by closely studying fan reactions on the internet. It seems the main catch that makes GHOST MINE unique and very popular is that it is essentially a soap opera. We know it is fake, but that's not always totally obvious--and that deceives people. Even so, we know how much we like it, and people described how they got hooked on the show.In other words, the people who put this together were raising the bar for these kinds of shows. Yet they also threw in with the other pathetic fraudsters who claim their shows are 100% real. I am a fan ofPsychic Kids: Children of the Paranormalbecause at least the children on that show seem genuine. Notice I wrote "seem genuine".I'm the first person to admire and applaud innovation--I even established a new branch of anthropology, called "cinemanthropology", to study tv/movie entertainment and its impact on human culture. What I deplore is the dishonesty, the fraudulent tactic, of passing off such work as journalistic-documentary work.Mine is not difficult logic: fraud is fraud, it's still illegal as far as I understand it, it cheapens/ruins what little integrity television has left, and (perhaps least of all) it insults everyone. As far as I can tell, GHOST MINE has never had any disclaimer nor have they made an effort to present one after the fact. Don't you think all of that places GHOST MINE and all the other paranormal shows in a kind of unacceptable jeopardy?
Storage 24 does a pretty good job of creating tension and suspense. The effects are decidedly on the low budget side. Plays like a well done SyFy movie.
Ingredients: many swoshy sounds, light flashes between scenes, many raised eyebrows when someone says something ordinary, over acting, staged meetings with the boss man calling in via telephone, incredible leaps of logic, ill-logic.  Remember kids, it's not what you say, it's how enthusiastic you say it that makes something true!  Yaaaay!
This episode wasn't very good. Similar humour to Workaholics, but definitely not as funny.  If it got picked up, I might give it another chance.  The characters are decent and the premise might work, but not many of the jokes land.
I grew up on Alex P. Keaton and Mike Flaherty. So when Michael J. Fox announced his TV return, I was estatic. And after he did return, I am heartbroken.My personal (and only issue) with the series was that he was now a 'dad'. This is weird even while several friends have now become parents.And a stuffy uptight dad at that--not a cool one who wants to give the kids the keys to the car. "Interns" had Mike openly worrying his daughter Eve was being exploited in the workplace. Instead of letting her decide if things in that environment are too bad, he simply wants her to quit.Honestly, I did not mind the disability references (where Mike has to self-monitor his stamina...etc). The pilot itself referenced that going to work gives a sense of empowerment for people with disabilities. I understood all of this--and very well. It spoke to me.It likely did make them a 'real person'  throughout scripts, but I  as an individual did not like seeing Mike goof up and get in his kids...etc personal business after being empowered.That's what sunk watching the show for me. Sorry.
I did not like this at all. I don't really like the modern adult cartoon comedies and this is just as bad or worse than the rest.
I was on the fence as to whether or not that I should order a season pass.  Guess what!  I should not have.  Had I known that a 20 minute episode (Sight Unseen) was going to be thrown in at a full charge, I would have picked only the full-length episodes to purchase and download.  I feel a bit taken since this so-called prequel IS free online, but not here on amazon.  I feel a bit taken.
Although I watch the first episode with a huge grain of salt (the topic seemed a bit of a clich&eacute; for the sci-fi person), I was immediately caught by the acting, the nuances, flaws, and chemistry of the characters in themselves and interacting with each other. Dorian, the humanoid cop, is fantastic, surprising, and emotionally compelling. His human pal, detective John Kennex, plays well the conflicted, not too good at communicating detective, who is more sensitive, good-hearted, and compassionate than his thick-skinned, damaged cop surface shows. The two of them working together are a pleasure to watch. So are the characters around, all rich and intriguing. Lily Taylor as Captain Maldonado is just royal. Detective Stahl is more than eye candy, and the in house robotics expert played by Mackenzie Crook, is fun. The tough to annoying cop Det Paul, is right on the note as well.The big problem is that while casting and acting are top notch, the writing seems often an afterthought. The fascinating world in which the live is hardly delved with. The terrorist group that has costed Det Kennex his leg, his men, and a broken heart, are not a thing that one can pin down during season 1. The crazy criminals and crimes they pursue are always too superficially addressed. No topic grows or is a thing except the friendship between Dorian and his human colleague. The central topic -- what  is to be human? -- is hardly addressed by anything else than Dorian's moving reactions to some crimes and use of androids by humans. The chances offered by potential conversations between him and others androids (Danika in the finale for instance) are cut by action scenes that often seem too long. The pischo who killed people to get more views for his game was just one more villain to get obsessed with John, as if there were not other humans in the city. The writing is so superficial, inane, and clich&eacute; that you can often write the plot of the entire episode after two or three scenes. A shame. The show has great potential. They should hire people who can make it happen.
I started watching for Mia Kirshner who does a lot with her medium to small part as a brothel/saloon keep.  The albino aliens are shockingly degenerate - the rest of the alien races are just wearers of recycled stock costumes from the wardrobe department.ETA:  rewatching this episode AFTER I learned of[[ASIN:B0007K2SRG Piepel]] which is probably the reason for Joss Whedon'sDollhouse: The Complete Seasons 1 & 2as well as learning of the companion book, I realize WHY Mia Kirshner is playing a willing prostitute (named Kenya Rosewater to hint at her heritage) and why in this episode, she says to a dirty blonde customer that (1) he doesn't have to pay because he is "fun", (2)the wife of the zombie-looking Castithian "customer" is hugged and THANKED for sharing her wonderful husband with the girls of NeedWant and that (3) Kenya Rosewater calls her fellow prostitutes "Night Porters."The racist, elitist Castithians claim to be seeking refuge on Earth from their inhabitable situation at home and to be against the Volge but really they are a menace intent on taking over and ruling over others.  Defiance is about the balancing and unspoken brinksmanship that goes on against these would-be comrades.This is from House of Dolls which is available to read on the web - Fella reminds me of Kenya Rosewater:"Fella never forgets for a moment that agreat miracle has befallen her here. The Camp Commander ispleased with her. Fella knows how to win the heart of the GermanBeast And when Yaga has had a few drinks, she pours her heartout to Fella as to a close friend. Fella has already heard fromYaga the most intimate stories of her life: about her beau, thecommander of nearby Camp Niederwalden, who is two-timingher; about her youth, which she spent in a whorehouse in Dres-den. In her drunkenness she often sympathizes with Fella forhaving been born a Jewess. If not, she wouldn't be a prisoner buttake it from Yaga commander of a German concentrationcamp. She'd have seen to that Fella is her only true-blue friendin the whole wide world. "
but its getting toooo fake and scripted, all the stupid pettiness is getting on my nerves, wish they would stick to people serious about their careers instead of back biting and revenge crap
Plot is shallow, did not fimd this show to be enjoyable. The show is only 30 minutes long for the price of a hour long show.
Debated between 3 and 4 stars. This could be quite good if they don't try too hard to be edgy at the expense of being genuinely funny.
The trouble with ghost stories is that they all assume that there's some sort of supernatural rule book that spirits and the like have to follow from beyond the grave. These rules change from movie to movie, and audiences are almost never given any glimpse into what they might be. The end result is that viewers think anything can happen, and therein are supposed to lie the movie's chills and thrills. For some, this works. For those who tend to think a lot, it can be distracting as more and more questions pile up in your head.And don't act like this movie doesn't want you to think. Like most ghost stories, THE PACT is essentially a murder mystery with a ghost (or two?) as characters. In this film, an abusive old woman dies and her oldest daughter, a recovering addict, disappears when she goes to the house to settle the estate. Enter the bitter, younger daughter -- Nicole -- who begins to discover that there is more to the house (and her family) than meets the eye. What follows is a fairly tense, well-filmed, decently-acted, but ambiguously-plotted search for truth that culminates in some truly creepy but head-scratching moments.Since most ghost stories become a game of Find Out Who Killed Me (or Find Out Why The Ghost Hates You), the film starts to falter as soon as most of its larger secrets are revealed. To compensate for this (I guess) this movie peppers in quite a few bizarre minor mysteries that do more to confuse than tantalize. This includes the final five minutes of the film [SPOILER ALERT: which not only include a completely unrealistic portrayal of how recently orphaned children behave, but END OF SPOILERS] which also adds a final shot that requires you to fill in a ton of blanks on your own, like a MadLibs that only gives you two words of the whole story. "The (noun) (verb) (preposition) the (adjective) (noun)." This includes the title of the film, which the audience is likewise required to make an entire book of guesses about.Decently directed, the movie would've been far more satisfying had it avoided the abundance of red herrings, as well as the loose threads that make me wonder if they were red herrings after all, as well as had our resident ghost played by some clear, definable rules. Ultimately, it's not a bad flick as far as ghost stories goes, but it doesn't do much beyond the same old, same old.
Cute show not that educational.  I prefer my kids watch educational cartoons like Dora, Diego, Super Why and many other examples.  Don't know that we would watch it.
I don't get why they can't make these Amazon shows better.  Every single one I've watched has been full of swearing... I'm no prude and don't mind swearing too much, but there is no room for that in these shows.  And yet, each time (and this time is no exception) in the first two minutes, there are too many swear words to count. It completely ruined what ought to have been a good show.  Thumbs down, and NO MORE Amazon shows for me.
This is a cheap bad film with bad acting about a Hollywood icon.  Save your 99 cents. You'd be better off watching an episode of the-its so bad its hard to watch- 'Honey Boo-boo'
A kung fu kicking, chainsaw wielding, blood splattered bride screaming "it's my day" is my kind of bloody good fun. So, then why is it that the new entry in Spanish director Paco Plaza's soon to be never ending franchise fails to move me. I suppose to be honest and up front I never did really think all that much of his previous (REC) movies, nor the dull nearly shot for shot Quarantine American versions. The films have all been too deadly serious and derived of the kind of fun that makes a good scary movie. And yet, the lighter, sillier, and even reasonably more engaging (REC)3: Genesis still didn't move me.Starting off as a found footage document of the wedding of Koldo (Diego Martin) and Clara (Letica Dolero), for the first fifteen minutes we attend the various wedding day gatherings, toasts, drunk uncles, etc., until we are ready to check that we are in deed at the correct movie and not some projectionist's lame practical joke. Finally, the drunk uncle turns out to be a zombie and through the usual bite unleashes a zombie plague. The title card arrives informing us that we are in deed in the correct theater, after all,  providing that you are still awake.For the next hour the picture moves at a breakneck pace as Clara and Koldo are forced to dawn chainsaws and medieval knight's attire, don't ask, to face down their undead relatives. At a running time of just eighty minutes, once things get rolling they do indeed, thankfully, not let up.(REC)3: Genesis takes a lighter tone that it's grim predecessors, it's full of slapstick humor and strange quirky bits, like the children's entertainer dressed as a SpongeBob knock off, spongeJohn, of course. Think a wedding and four hundred funerals. The problem is, none of it is really all that funny, the humor draws the viewer out of the narrative, often it is badly forced, occasional just plain bizarre, and very rarely hits the mark.Of late the horror genre, so beloved by me and many others, has become tiresome and stale, it`s stuck in a rut that is worst than any I have ever seen. The very fact that the (REC) movies, and possibly even the Quarantine films, are seen at the forefront of the current movement illustrates the distressing point.The stars here are appealing, mostly Spanish actors that I am not familiar with, but a good talented lot. Dolero is very good in the lead role, she's beautiful and forceful, which helps the proceedings move at a more agreeable rapidity. Enhanced by thralling camera work from Pablo Rosso, who helmed the other (REC) flicks. The screenplay, credited to Plaza and Luiso Beredjo, from what I hope was meant to be an ironic credit for original idea by Plaza, Beredjo and David Gallart, is just plain awful, derivative of not only their earlier films, but countless others, it is also chocked full of hideously stupid dialogue, then again that could just be in the subtitling. Still, Clara nd Koldo refer to one another by "my love" so many times in the movie's short running time that a drinking game could be suicidal. The show all comes to the same kind of close that we have learned to expect from it's predecessors.(REC)3: Genesis unfortunately adds nothing new what so ever to the genre, for sure some are going to draw comparisons with the much better Shaun of the Dead, but I think that the inspiration lies in a slightly more obscure film from the early 1990's. My feeling is that it desperately wants to be a close cousin to Peter Jackson's truly magnificent New Zealand zom-com Dead Alive, but Plaza's movie winds up being merely brain dead.see my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
I'm not sure about this show.  It has potential, great lead characters but sometimes it's boring and slow.  I hope they pick up the pace.
Cute show, I enjoyed it but other that a show about football which is rare on tv (only that one ESPN show, which was great but only one season) it doesn't seem that special. I'd watch, but won't lose sleep if it wasn't picked up.
Its a recycled season, brought all the players up to Manitoba to drive like morons on snowy roads, big deal.  The only reason it's dangerous is that the drivers are nut jobs.  I think IRT has seen better days and now it's just hanging on. I'm done with it.
I rented this film but did not have time to watch, but as soon as I am able to see it will review it. It has got some descent reviews since its release.
My wife and I found this movie to be quite boring.  It seemed like it would never end.
I just don't get the appeal of this series.  I watched some of it because of the hype, and as far as I'm concerned it was like watching paint dry.  I might have found it more interesting if it had been realistic: i.e., if there was a depiction of this well-educated but 'country' family who became wealthy though hard work and establishing their niche.  All the camo and ammo panders to those who want to see southern religious families as eccentric idiots.  These people are, clearly, good businessmen/women and the series left me...literally.
I couldn't help but think that the writers of "Those Who Can't" were trying too hard. It lacks Original ideas. It's been done. The three guys act similar to the three men on ABCs cancelled show "Man Up". In addition, the character such as Loren Payton (Adam Cayton-Holland) feel like he could be placed straight into an episode of Always Sunny In Philadelphia.The jokes are also outdated. I'm 21 and have heard these jokes (well similar) numerous times.But for what it is...the show isn't that bad. It is watchable but lacks in a lot of departments.3/5 starsIt is only the first episode so I still have high hopes for the show. Time will tell.
This show needs a little work. Tighten up the writing and make the characters more interesting. Otherwise it won't survive long term.
This was a bit slow.  Not alot of action but still not one you will turn off.  A different side of Butch Cassidy.
At first, I couldn't understand the low ratings this series got,  but as I watched more of them, I could see a pattern repeating.  Too much reliance on smutty jokes as a whole by each of the comedians, and whether intentional or not, a couple of the comedians seemed to be relying on the same material.
I've enjoyed this unique, creative series up to Season 5 (although my interest did start to wane by Season 4) for many of the reasons already covered by the 4 and 5-star reviews.  However, this season just fell flat for me and it felt that they were grasping at straws to keep the plot alive.  I don't think I'll proceed to Season 6.  And, what's with the constant wine drinking?  I mean, I know that's what people do, but were they underwriters or something?
Like any trio of college buds who are now making their way in New York City (any trio of young men in the MOVIES, that is), Mikey (Michael B. Jordan), Jason (Zac Efron) and Daniel (Miles Teller) are having trouble with women. When Mikey is served with divorce papers, Jason and Daniel agree to remain single and uncommitted till such time as their cuckolded buddy feels like returning to the field.With screenplay and direction by Tom Gormican, &#8220;That Awkward Moment&#8221; treads upon some mighty shopworn territory at this point, but the general likeability of the stars helps to mitigate some of the familiarity. Ditto for Imogen Poots, Mackenzie Davis and Jessica Lucas who play the various women in their lives who come along to tempt the boys to break their pact. And at least when the movie is indulging in one of those only-in-the-movies scenes that are so endemic to the romantic comedy genre, it seems slyly aware of that fact.Not particularly distinguished or memorable, but enjoyable enough while it&#8217;s going on.
Ren and Stimpy are Caracters you have to get used to. When my sons were teenagers back in the 90s, we all watched this program and laughed our silly heads off.  Now...it seems to be just Gross.
I could not watch this all the way through. I gave up on it about half way. Not my cup of tea and I like gay themed movies.
This was not a very good show. The performances were generally subpar and the plot was too complex. I did not find any of it compelling.
I seriously couldn't or didnt't know how to rate this video at first,becasue the first 20 mins sucked. After the first 20 mins this movie made a big turn around it truly came life. Rec1 and Rec2 were turly awesome I really have to admit that I'm not a big fan of the camera. It remind me to much of blairwitch project and I hated it,but over all I enjoyed this movie despite of the moving camera witch was not able to focus in the movie like it was suppose to. I would recomment this movie to watch in the end it was well worth the watch. I gave this movie 3 starts,because of the first 20mins of this movie.
I wanted to like this pilot. I wanted to believe that Chris Carter had another great idea in him outside of the X-Files. If that is true, this isn't it. This show is basically Lost, The Nine, Flash Forward, and Revolution all mixed up in to a really crappy show. If your idea of a good time is a bunch of confused characters yelling at each other for an hour, then you might enjoy it. Otherwise, keep looking elsewhere for your next genre TV fix.
The show throws everything scary  it can at you -except clowns and ventriloquist dummies. Honestly- alien abduction/serial killer with mommy issues/ evil nazi doing human experiments/ zombie like creatures/ crazy people/ nuns/ killer in santa costume /demonic possession.  Seriously- what saved it from being a ridiculous mess was the cast.
I did not even make it to the end of this POS.  The gym teacher dude should have been Thomas Lennon.  The one with the beard is tolerable.  Tattoo man needs to go; rather the whole character.  As a teacher, I hate the name of the show.  Do not make any more of this show.
I'm just not into dead people walking. The Bible is a work of fiction that began controlling this world ever since it was written 2700 years ago (old testament) but the Bible was finished with the worst book of them all "Revelation". The idea that people are going watch this series and enjoy it makes my skin crawl. Sleepy Hollow series, I fear, will not die just like the headless horseman.
My husband wants to watch it, he seems to think there will be some kind of ending. The first three seasons were actually good. Now it is boring, the actors seem to be sleep-walking through their parts. They all have the same facial expressions in every scene. The killing seems to take place of a plot. There is not any depth to any episode, no thinking necessary. No kudos to the writers. They bring back the same old stuff, without any real new story.
Here's the plot of ZOMBIE STRIPPERS: There are strippers...and they're zombies.  Still with me?  (Of course you are; you wouldn't be reading this review if you weren't at least intrigued by the premise of this film.)  Is ZOMBIE STRIPPERS gratuitous?  Is it poorly acted?  Is it demeaning to women?  Is it unnecessarily political and philosophical?  Does it look like it was made by a grad student who had some money left over after filming to buy a truckload of Ramen noodles?Yes to all the above.  But, damn it all, ZOMBIE STRIPPERS is FUN!  And, surprisingly, funny.  A vast majority of the jokes hit the mark, and they are delivered flawlessly.  Robert Englund is the scene-stealer here; he's campy fun in every movie he's starred in, but here he knows the movie is crap and lives it down wondrously.  The rest of the cast--Jenna Jameson included--is merely along for the ride, strutting around topless, biting of men's private parts, shooting pool balls out of various anatomical regions...basically, everything you've ever wanted to see in a horror comedy, but never thought you actually would.  At its core, ZOMBIE STRIPPERS is a god-awful movie, and truly it's really only worth a viewing or two...but God, what a viewing!
I kind of lived this life so I hated this movie although I like Richard Gere.  Reminded me too much of the arrogance and selfishness of this kind of man and of the woman willing to go along with it.
I wonder who teaches the male actors, the guy who plays the Shane character especially, how to do facial and head acting? My point: This guy Jon is pathetic with his dipping his head, cocking it to one side, his body postures - and no, this is not the character, but Jon's acting. Jon was so overwhelmingly melo-dramatic that I comsidered him a rookie given a chance at the big leagues. His silly acting got in the way of the story. Too many of the actors are too obvious in their stud acting. Superiors actors could have made the series worth the money spent. Superior actors, though, would not have participated. I suggest that one pay $1.00 per episode. No more than $1.00. But, be prepared for silly acting too often from Jon who plays Shane. The director created a silly and immature character in the boy, so much so that it is impossible to believe. Therefore, a primary character of the final several episodes are fluff. I say that about 50% of the episodes are worth watching, which is saying that the other episodes are fluff to make up some extra dollars. The fluff will make one laugh though. Again, each episode is worth $1.00 each, no more.
I was a little disappointed in this . After watching MI5, Inspector Morse and a Touch of Frost, I just couldn't get into it.
The drama is a well acted look at London hospital before World War 1. It served people who couldn't afford private care and shows the difficult, degrading circumstances most of these people lived under. Nurses' and doctors'  lives are portrayed showing both the private & professional sides of their lives while detailing the history of the times.
I had high expectations for this series.However,  the first season episodes consistently fail to live up to their  potential.This is due in no small part to the awkward scripts.  There is very little substance here and far too much "pouting"  and cartoonish posturing.Claire Holt is particularly annoying. She does not have the experience to overcome the infantile scripts. she does little more than pout her way through every scene. Holt does not know the difference between "sexy look" and "constipated".  She is consistently upstaged by any other female she shares a scene with.
This show is set in the professional world of classical music in NYC, which is quite refreshing in a world full of cop and lawyer shows. It is a great inside look at a large Lincoln Center type organization (although I can't say how accurate it really is). But I don't know if I can root for any of the characters. If they are willing to do awful things to succeed in this world, do I really want to root for any of them? 30 minutes isn't enough time to answer that question so I would keep watching if they made more episodes.
.....I very much enjoyed seeing Titus in something that wasn't the &#34;bad guy&#34;, and cop dramas are among my favorite. Having been personally involved in a cops life I understand the language they use, but I don't like it. I would wish that it did not have to be a part of every show that comes out now.It was a little slow to start but built interest and ended this pilot well. Based on the overwhelming 5-star reviews I'm sure you'll keep it going. The only thing that keeps me from 5-star also is the language, especially the use of God's name inappropriately. I live in the real world and I have to deal with it every day. I enjoy TV as a way to get away from all of that, so I would wish that the good dramas didn't feel the need to use certain words in every one of them.
They are wealthy fakes pretending to be good old boys.  Cops was an excellent reality show because it was not fake!  Now they make fake junk like this and call it reality, but this has nothing to do with reality.  It's amazing how the sheep suck up this BS.  Also, the claim about them being religious is perverted version of religion.  The story goes that God created man in his own image.  Not in any bible does it say &#34;white&#34; men only, so how can racist bigots like these guys be considered religious?  It's completely FAKE garbage!
I was expected more from this show especially since Jonathyn Rheys Meyer is the lead character. He does not nail the seductive side of Dracula that I expected to see. Maybe because of the writing, still can't figure it out. I still feel that Gary Oldman played the best Dracula. I keep watching it hoping to see an improvement
Director/writer/actor Julie Delpy's sequel to "2 Days in Paris" follows the same formula but moves the setting to America.  After Marion's (Delpy) previous relationship led her to New York, she had a son (Lulu - really?), divorced and has partnered with Mingus (Chris Rock) who comes with his own daughter.  Marion's dad (real dad Albert Delpy) comes for a visit along with her sister Rose (Alexia Landeau) who is unexpectedly accompanied by Manu (Alex Nahon) who was a one time lover of Marion's.Mingus (rhymes with cunnilingus - an ongoing joke) and Marion's apartment is barely big enough for them and the 2 kids.  Still they put up the 3 Parisians.  Dad speaks no English but the other two can get by.  The translation issue comes up primarily with Dad and Mingus and is sometimes funny, sometimes just annoying.  At times I was yelling at the screen, just get someone to translate!  Well then there would be less of a movie.  Delpy is a wonderful writer as she has shown in previous work including "Before Sunset" but this movie seems very familiar.  I certainly identified with Mingus and never would have made it as far as he did.  Still, some of the situations are pretty funny and stereotypically French.
I really tried hard to watch this show, but got bored with it really quickly. I like to be on the edge of my seat when watching ghost stories or shows, but this one put me to sleep and no excitement.
i've watched this for weeks.  i started out liking it, chiefly for Williams' comedic riffs. I will not be watching any longer, however, as . the show just doesn't have enough substance to it. Williams plays the head of his own ad agency.  he is surrounded by young employees, including his daughter.  none of these other characters are funny though.  he is trying to carry the whole show but can't quite pull it off. most episodes involve a client who needs a new ad and the whole agency scrambles to come up with something that works. (it reminds me more of BEWITCHED than MAD MEN but sadly there is no great witch). those scenes are marginally successfully because Williams is "on". unfortunately, the other scenes are about the four younger people's personal lives and these scenes are cringe inducing.  it has been awhile since I have seen comedic scenes this bad and this unfunny.  there is so much that is good on tv nowadays when you factor in cable and foreign tv that this kind of so-so network show has become very easy to just turn off.
I really enjoy this show!  My biggest complaint is it has a very low budget feel to the cinematography.  I feel like im watching and indie canadian comedy series.  The plot and characters do make up for the visuals of the film!
This show felt like it was trying to be a lot of different things, yet succeeded at none of them.  It was never quite funny or entertaining to me.  I liked the one actor from a previous episode of Workaholics, but the cast just never clicked for me.  There are funnier alternatives to Betas out now that deal with the same technology world.
watched it until the end but the jones town references were hard to stomach at times.  Our fearless leader is hardly a force for good as he proclaims of course, but we never really learn why people feel obliged to stick with him even after things go haywire.  Still, and interesting all be it, slow movie that spends a little too much time on the build up and not enough time on the climax.  Worth a watch if you're bored and like movies about cults.
A Glee influenced satire of The Huffington Post...can it honestly get any worse from here? Musical numbers aside, the young actors just are not very good. Remotely, the only saving grace is the actress parodying Ariana Huffington, Bebe Neuwirth (who has done much better work than this!)Sorry, but this is a series I do NOT want to see -- nothing original about it!
They may only eat plants, but these guys have a thirst for blood. It is like the hunger games for children.
While I really like the first couple of .asons, the spark of the series has died, and this terrible cliffhanger makes me not want to even tune in next year
This was a somewhat objective presentation of Wikileaks during its first few years. Interviewees range from former NSA officials to former Wikileaks employees and volunteers. The main character profiled, of course, is Julian Assange. Assange is portrayed as a hero for some, flawed computer geek to others, and narcissistic criminal to still more. Also profiled are Bradley Manning and Adrian Lamo, both of whom served to muddy the already murky business of leaking secrets to the general public. All three of these real-life people appear, in the documentary, to have mental health issues while enjoying access to sensitive information. This is the recipe for the disaster played out on front pages of newspapers over some time.This documentary seems to strive for impartiality, but ultimately fails, as many documentaries do. We have plenty of opportunity to consider as many possible sides to an issue, organization or public personality when forming an opinion.If I had it to do over again, I would have passed on paying $6.99 to rent this movie. It might be worth the 2 hours at $1.99, so if the prices drops, watch with confidence.
I like the show but it didn't captivate me. The lead actor stands out from a Star Trek episode he did that I will never forget. He's a good actor but in a &#34;cheesy&#34; way. LOL! The show kept my attention but no sure if it's all that!!!
At face value, The Disappearance of Alice Creed sounds boring. Only three actors are involved and most of the movie takes place in one room. The story revolves around two guys kidnapping a woman and holding her for ransom. That pretty much sums it up, other than the healthy doses of mini-twists that helps make it a lot more interesting. The three actors are also believable. Gemma Arterton (Quantum of Solace, Clash of the Titans, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time) is quite convincing as the victim, even though she spends a good amount of time with a ball gag in her mouth. While not gratuitous, the violence is in your face. Overall, this is a well crafted thriller that never quite blooms into something great.
It's about people living lies in order to succeed, even though it does not bring them happiness.  There are better ways to live, and I'd rather learn about those.
The video streaming quality remained at "very poor" throughout this viewing of the first episode of this season, greatly diminishing the experience.  It was as though I had smeared Vasoline all over my screen and then tried to view it.  Usually, the quality starts at very poor but after a couple of minutes it improves suddenly--not so this time.  My DSL speed is 15 mps and usually allows excellent streaming quality so the culprit seems to be Amazon's server.  What recourse does one have when this happens?
The creators of this show are certainly not trying to reel in viewers with the first show. It is slow moving and dull. This show won't get another season, I can promise you.
Very nicely produced series, a great deal of very beautiful scenery but there are times it seems like it's a advertisement for the national park service..
It was not as good as I hoped.  It really boiled down to ...don't eat processed food.  I fell asleep twice.
Too complicated, too unbelievable (who really believes Jane would choose Owen over Grayson?), Stacy has gone from ditz to doctor of emotions, Margaret Cho, such a great sidekick, has been reduced to running errands. Kim has lost her edge for motherhood.  Grayson seems more silly than ever.  Where did the real "Drop Dead Diva" go?  Addendum:  Just watched "Missed Congeniality" and barely got through it.  Case premises were ridiculous, resolutions even more far-fetched, not even qualifying as fable,just silly.  The show does not know when to strategically use the Grayson-Jane dynamic and continues to place "interruptions" to their progress only exhausting the viewer and leaving them wanting.  Each episode is devolving.  I am only watching to see how bad it can get!
i expected more from this movie i guess especially james franco from all the stuff i heard about him and all but no him playing a lawyer who should have been an artist and having a drug problem it was okay.
i did not like the grouping of the actionated flick so that is why i am giving this season flick  a bad rating in review ...
First off, the name &#34;Syfy&#34; annoys the crap out of me. :P Usually their shows are really low quality, so I was pleasantly surprised by &#34;Helix&#34;. The actors are all very good, and the story, despite being less than perfect in terms of logic and continuity, is still interesting enough to keep me watching.My only concerns is that people involved with Battlestar Galactica are involved with Helix. BG was another show that started well and ended up in the crapper after half a season or so, so I am a little bit wary. I guess if the show starts to sail towards awfulness I'll come back and revise my review. :)
Not funny. How many puking gags can you put in one episode??? I'm guessing the target audience for this series is 9 year old kids. They *might* think it's funny. Most of these pilot episodes seem to be targeted for the under 25 crows. Older people watch TV on the web too. Please develop something for grown ups!
It is hard to get into a story that seems to have no direction. Who do you root for and why? There was a good element of horror at the end but I felt the seed of the story was just too cliched.
This show is informative but extremely boring. It seemed to drag.  We did not make it through the first showing.
In fairness, I didn't watch past the first 15 minutes because I found it to be reminiscent of network programming. In my opinion the storyline was ordinarily and the acting was so- so.
The only thing that I thought could develop over time was the one teacher's romantic interest. Was there anything else?In any case; it was still amusing to watch, but definitely not my top choice.
My son is 8 years old and autistic; he adores animals more than anything. Watching Diego has taught him a lot about different animals, which we both enjoy.
I don't know if it was the movie, the lack of hysterical commentary or just me, but this wasn't one of KST3K's best efforts.  Outside of Forest Tucker jokes (which are always worth a laugh) there wasn't enough bad material to keep the show going.  Took me 3 sessions to finish it all off, at which point I was happy to see it over as opposed to wishing it would keep on going.But, as they say, even a bad MST3K is better than a good day at work.
Me thinks thou dost protest to much. Less is more. Your pen is bigger than your ideas. these are all the things I would say to the the obviously talented creative team of this show. A refreshing premise, well written dialogue,  Well acted and directed. All that and high marks for production values. So, why not five stars? You pushed a little too hard, tried to tell to much, show too much. As every professional actor knows when you are given three minuets to do a monologue, don't try to fit five minuets worth of material into three. Do two really fine simple minuets and leave them wanting more. In this, the best pilot of the season, they did just that. This pilot sacrificed quality for quantity. Not that what they did wasn't good it was like great sex without a climax, to put it terms that go along with the show. I get it though, they had so many good ideas they kept them all and just cut each one into a thumbnail of it's potential. At times it feels there are at least two directors in charge doing different scenes leading to an unevenness, ironically it lacked the dynamics of a well conducted symphony. Over all I liked this story, even if it is a bit heavy handed and overt in the obligatory cliche stereotypical  sex and drug references in every scene, over kill, they needed to trust our imaginations more. Less focus on the sex and drugs may have allowed more time to develop the characters. Great acting, direction and cinematography are the saving grace here. I to, hope this gets picked up and the creative team settles down to make this live up to the potential that screams to be accomplished. So yea, I recommend watching this fledgling show, give it a chance to develop.
This is cool as a side story but boba fett isn't nearly as awsome in this as he is in the movie. The battle with the radio active penguin from mars was pretty sweet though.
I don't want to say that this movie is snobbish but I'm having a difficult time trying to see it any other way.Here's the scoop. It's set in Manhattan and all involved are upper crust professionals. Knightley is married to Worthington. She's a freelance writer for magazines and  he's in commercial real estate development. She finds out he has a real hot co-worker (Eva Mendez) and is upset because he's never mentioned her. Sam heads off on a business trip with Eva and another co-worker and while he's gone Kiera runs into an old flame. Both are tempted and this deals with how they deal with the temptation.I couldn't muster any real sympathy for these people. It's not that I didn't like them but it seemed that there was too little at stake for any of them. All could make a living in their own right. There are no kids involved. None of the relationships have a lot of years attached and none of the relationships are without their blemishes. What if this were set in some blue collar town and the husband and wife were just scraping by and had a lot of concerns in their day to day and some number of young kids in tow? This I think who mean more to the average viewer. And what is the writer/director saying here in that Worthington crosses the line in a big way where Knightley just tip-toes over the line. She was the one with unfounded fears and jealousies where he never doubted her for a moment? Is she less guilty than he?!This is all very professional. All the acting and production values are top shelf. It's just that there seemed to be too little gravity to it. Even when Mendez spills her guts it didn't want to hit home. Sorry. I can't recommend this.
The acting is excellent, the characters likeable and believable and like Hayden Panatierre's singing, as well as Scarlett's.  There's too much cheating and promiscuity.  The love of music is palpable--something I appreciate.  Lennon and Maisy Stella are adorable!
Story had no suspense.  Direction was not entertaining.  A dud.  Don't waste your time.  I couldn't watch it.  A dud.
Too bad; the quirky and smart characters turned into familiar series cliches, action, predictability. All, so redundant that I have to struggle to make the 20-word quota.
What a waste of good talented actors.  Story line was so weak the we didn't even make it through half the show. Totally bored out of my mind.
And another Stephen King story. That says it all.
These stories are told by the victims themselves which makes the show more believable and very unnerving. Definitely worth watching!
I guess that if you read the description of a film called Rapture-Palooza and watch anyway you should know what you are getting into...and that is pretty much what it delivers. Surprisingly, the language and constant sexual profanity are more offensive than any jabs they actually take at religion or the rapture (from a religious &#34;satire&#34; perspective, there are many &#34;comedies&#34; that are much more offensively pointed out there). Even more surprisingly, there are some pretty funny moments and one-liners, but you have to put up with quite a bit to get to them. Overall though, the funny just isn't funny enough to balance it out and justify sitting through its relatively short 85 min runtime.
Awful is the only good word to describe it. There is nothing good about the movie. Acting was all right, but the story, the way the movie was executed from plot, actors all are just plain bad. I don't remember seeing a 'monster'; ghost or whatever bad thing there was. I had to fast forward quite a few scenes to get to the part where we see pictures of what supposed to kill those guys in the end end endless running in the forest with grass, trees in the movie, everything but the ghost or the creature that was hunting them. Can't recommend something hat boring and that awful.
***WARNING *** Spoilers included ***I hated to give this show three stars. I enjoyed SGU, and Season Two I thought was very entertaining. Characters that we just started to get to know in Season One became old friends by the time Season Two was going strong. There was more interaction with aliens and other technologies. The Lucien Alliance hook was fun and provided a couple of interesting characters. Some of the shows were nothing less than brilliant.Then ... the writers had to react to the cancellation. The producers admitted they knew there was a strong likelihood of cancellation before the second half of the season was in the can. So they had an opportunity to give loyal viewers a clean ending. In this they failed. Many of the episodes leading up to the final show were very good, in fact some of the best of the two years in my view. But the final episode was just pathetic. The writers wanted to supply problems that the crew could not solve. They had the crew not really solving them, but the problems were easily solvable on their face by ANYONE familiar with the "rules" of the show. We have the Destiny low on power (again) after a battle (again). The Destiny defeats drone mother ships at not one but TWO worlds, then the crew fails to recharge at either star when they clearly have a window to do so. It wasn't convenient to have the crew take an action that made sense, because the writers were convinced the ship needed to be in a power crisis. Then the crew has to go into stasis chambers, and of course they are short of the number they need. Do we discuss having some smaller crew members double up? No. Maybe that shouldn't work, but the writers should at least be clever enough to think of that and discuss it so that we don't wind up thinking they are just too slow for their jobs.Those complaints only address the plot the writers DID go for, not the one they SHOULD have gone for. That might have been the last Stargate filming to ever occur, and they were quite aware of this. Yet they didn't have enough respect for viewers, some of whom have been faithful to the three series for a LONG time now, to give us a satisfactory wrap up. Instead, they pushed the PAUSE button, and left the fate of one of the most popular main characters up in the air, most probably forever. My wife and I looked at each other in disbelief. She voiced what I was thinking: "They must hope the fans will campaign for a continuation to find out what happens". Maybe they are hoping for a couple of follow up movies like StarGate had. It doesn't matter. It was a classless move to treat their fans this way. That's the reason I docked the two stars.In fact, this is just the latest in a series of goofs for the Stargate staff. They killed the original series with the very tedious Auri story arc, and then severely damaged fan connection to Atlantis when they decided to dump Torri Higginson.The writers for "Chuck" have found a way to write four episodes (the 13th and final episodes for both this season and last) that doubled very well as season OR series ending shows should they happen to have not been picked up again. I guess the SGU folks just aren't that clever.
Mystery Science Theater 3000 is always great for a laugh, but in this case the underlying film &#34;Laserblast&#34; is neither good, nor &#34;so bad it's worth a watch.&#34;
I have never seen Elijah Wood fail at a project, and this film is no exception. He IS the maniac. The rest of the story fell short of what could have been much better. I'm not into lots of gore, but, if you are, you'll find it here. I'd compare this film to Taxi Driver, sort of a one-man show with cool bits on the side.
it a 2, but comon it ryan gos, you know him, he's dating eva, so he gets point for that. but the movie is see ryan sit, see ryan walk, see ryan get beat up by a little chinesse chucky, i can go on, see this movie just to experence it,
Boring dialog, bad acting, flat characters, and extremely tedious story line don't add up to anything.  I lost interest in the first few minutes, but I kept watching and hoping for something to happen. I was disappointed. It's definitely beneath Dylan McDermott and Kyle Secor's talent.  I'm surprised it lasted 2 seasons.
After the first five minutes, this was pretty watchable.  That being said, there are no particularly likeable characters and the premise makes no sense.  It is unlikely that civilization would break down on such a chaotic scale in just one day.  There is no explaination for what is going on, except for supernatural, biblical, devil takes over nonsense.  It would stand more of a chance of catching on if it was based on an alien invasion, rather than  biblical, end of the world mysticism.  The creature that shows up at the end of the episode is ridiculous as is the random gathering of a group of characters, all with the same birthday.  I don't care to see any more of this.  If I want my fix of this kind of stuff, I will watch THe Walking Dead or Under the Dome, or Falling Skies.  Enough said.
OK series. Not enough explanation of prior events leading up to the situation the races find themselves in at beginning of series.
Wow...I wont go into details, who the writer is, producer, actors, or compare it much to anything.  I took this film because there was a time where I just could not get enough of IFC films.  This movie although everyone seems to hate the plot?  I think the plot was okay. It is not cut and dry that a lesbian turns into a zombie after a one night stand. What bothered me was I thought the plot was okay. Not great but worth a watch. Then The actress who plays the lead (Sam) is fantastic.  You will see her in future films trust me.  But once you know what is wrong with her, and you know early on, the movie leads you nowhere. The whole movie is about watching her decay?  That is it.  I wont give the ending away.  I will just say I don't think there was an ending.  It started out with an idea, but never went forward, and then completely just went flat.  There were events that made no sense, and had nothing to do with the story. They took a good idea, and turned it into a B movie.  What a shame.  I think you will be very unhappy if you watch it. I wont say don't watch it, because everyone should make up their own mind. This was really a bad movie. I would not have watched it for free if i had the chance if i knew what it was before hand.  The only thing good was the  main character. Meaning her as an actress.  She goes to a party, she is in love with a girl who wants her space. She has sex with a guy you don't see.  And then she looks to be pregnant and then gets really sick which people are calling her a zombie.  I don't know what she is or what the point was?  And when you see the end?  I think you will be highly upset.  Oh, and she sees the doctor two times, and not once does she get sent to a hospital. Ask yourself if you watch this, if you saw this girl looking like this, would you not send her to the hospital?  It was just poor writing, and the movie went nowhere.  Wow i have never given such a bad review.
Yuck!  This simply panders to what the writers think is fashionably LA perverse.  If it is by the creator of Six Feet Under then what happened?  That was a great show.  These characters have too much time on their hands. Pathetic!
the show like many others seems fake at times. i don't know if it is but it seems very fake. i just watched the first EPs. on prime but have seen it on TV so i can say some other EPs are good. you just have to give it a try if you like keep on watching ..
Not for the faint of heart due to blood and gore, the story is engaging, the acting above average and the scenery is excellent. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys the mystique of Scandinavia.
I've heard some good reviews from other sites about this movie..that is why I got the time to watch it and judge it my self. Well, from my point of view, this movie has:- Few new elements (at least for me).- Fair scattered scares (jumps) in different portions (different stories!!) of this movie.- Majority of acting is fair but not good.- Some scares are of the type that can creeps you out.- Lot of unnecessary elements and scenes that got me bored.In overall I didn't like this movie because I got bored as there is no build up of story maybe some people can see it but I couldn't. Maybe because of that ..I couldn't get scared into the level I expected (I expected it from the reviews I heard!).It is a &#34;watch once&#34; movie for me.
I'm ticked off big time!!!! A friend of mine said I needed to watch the comedy &#34;The fart of the seal&#34; and everybody knows that farts are funny, so I went to the video store and asked for &#34;The fart of the seal&#34; and they handed me this movie, and when I watched it I did not see even one farting seal!!!! This is the last time I take movie suggestions from that friend!!!! Geezzow!!!!
Not interesting plot, and lots of shallow self-interested characters going through everyday ordinary life.  More pathetic than funny, not funny at all.  There are lots and lots more sources of interesting entertainment.
This is a zomedy movie.  Not a zombie movie. Although it does of course feature zombies. In this case green moss takes people over and they become zombies.This is a campy movie and has scenes  which are pure camp with over the top things like ' banners that appear and say 'barachi brothers attack".  etc. And of course our heroes , two arab dutch guys , and two black dutch guys and  blonde hot dutch woman battle the zombies and get lots of green slime on them and don't change into zombies. Unless they are bitten. So on that level , logic is thrown out the window. But this is not a serious movie. It's got lots of zombies that get blown away though and decent special effects , especially the cgi space station that crashes into Holland.  But serious zombie fans are going to be not too happy with this is they want a non comedy zombie flick. It's in dutch with English subtitles and if you can't enjoy a movie that's not in English , well that's sorta sad , just because you have to read subs?.  This film is often silly and meant to be. The gore and such are just part of the whole backdrop. ANd the ending is well really dumb. But it's a comedy so they just threw that in.  In hd this looks good but the film it was shot on , was rather dark?. I don't know. But in this case the hd wasn't stand out as I would have hoped. But it's better the standard version.
I love cooking competition shows.  But this one gets on my nerves with the (really bad) &#34;jokes&#34; and with the Chairman's antics....really didn't like it.  Obviously a lot of folks disagree with me as it is now in its 8th season.  Just wasn't my taste.
I don't particularly care for reality tv but my friend came over and wanted to watch it. So here we are.
Louis Ives (Paul Dano) has a fascination with women's undergarments, and on occasion likes to wear them. This issue causes him to leave his teaching job and go to New York where he gets a job with an environmental magazine where he develops an interest for vegan Katie Holmes. Meanwhile, Louis takes up residence with the extremely quirky Henry Harrison (Kevin Kline) who enlists Louis to be an "extra man" i.e. a non-sexual cultured escort for older women of wealth. The job doesn't pay, but you do get to meet rich people and go to expensive places.The part of being the escort I found entertaining, more so then the cross dress fetish. I expected Louis to have gotten "introduced" awkwardly to Katie Holmes on one of his assignments, but such was not the case. The writers tried to be too cute and clever by introducing too many different themes...i.e. let's toss it at the wall and see what stick. If you like indie films, worth a view.No f-bombs, sex, or nudity
First off - you  pay for an episode and you get FOX ads - not a good thing.They kill off Clancy Brown in the first few minutes, than it goes into a wild truck versus guy scene with pretty over the top effects.It lacks writing, imagination, direction and acting. These people need to stick to video games!Sorry - but this series is a waste of time if you graduated kindergarten!
This was a poorly written waste of time.  I only watch a few minutes, hoping it would pick up but it never did.  There was no dialogue, no basic story line, just endless trips to the &#8220;potty.&#8221;  Bobs girl
Not a story line I can follow. I wish I could have my time back after watching this the program.
The cast is largely the same, that's good. But the whole movie just doesn't &#34;gel&#34; with the excitement and sparkle of the original TV series, the first two, anyway. There are flashes of the old character's great acting and it gets better as the movie progresses. But I was left disappointed, I'd expected more.
In a television age of "The Walking Dead" and "Falling Skies", Amazon's new, original series "The After" attempts to throw its hat in the ring of intense, survival drama.It's a bold move for the studio and a fairly impressive production overall however it was the choice of an almost embarrassingly trite necessity for the perfect ethnic/gender/socio-economic balanced cast that really ruined the experience for me (that and an F-bomb every 2 minutes) where I could pretty much guess what the roles were gonna be farily early and as the show progressed it certainly didn't disappoint. This may sound like a snap judgment based on only one episode but these aren't characters I could see myself tuning in week after week  to watch and I  can't imagine much more depth being given to any of the them, except maybe at the interpersonal relationship level (possibly just a lack of imagination on my part).The underlying, mysterious cause or whatever was being hinted at towards the end and then the final confrontation only left disappointment or more of a "meh" taste in my mouth and although I'm usually pretty forgiving on FX as long as the story/characters are good, I gotta admit that.... well I won't spoil.  :o)
Maniac (Franck Khalfoun, 2012)I have long been antipathetic to the work of Alexandre Aja; Haute Tension, his first film to get wide American releases, is an overrated, boring thriller with plot holes large enough for the nuclear mutants in his horrific The Hills Have Eyes remake to drag tourists through. Franck Khalfoun is Alexandre Aja (and Aja's partner Gregory Lavasseur)'s protege, and there are times when I think the servant is easily going to overshadow the master; 2007's P2 is an amusing if forgettable piece of fluff, but it's a hundred times better than any Aja-helmed film I've seen to date. Which gives you an idea of where I'm coming from when I saw Maniac start showing up on a number of Best of 2013 lists, including topping Dread Central's Best Horror Movies of the Year consensus. And, from my perspective, I was right; this isn't even as good as P2, though once again it's acres better than much of Aja's own offerings (Aja and Levasseur, as with P2, wrote the script and passed it off to Khalfoun).Plot: Frank (Elijah Wood, once again trying to shed the lingering spectre of Frodo Baggins) is a mannequin restorer who has a thing for women's hair&#8212;especially when he's skinned it from their heads, scalp intact, and puts it on his mannequins. Yeah, he's got a few issues, examined in enough detail to be really creepy in flashbacks featuring Frank as a young boy (Eli Dupont in his first screen appearance) watching his mother (America Olivo from the recent remake of Friday the 13th), presumably a prostitute, plying her trade. (The whole psychology-of-the-killer thing here, as is often the case, is somewhat shockingly reactionary, pop psychology 101 without doing anything new or interesting, and it just feels tiresome.) Things get slightly more interesting when a lovely young artist named Anna (Safe House's Nora Arnezeder) notices some of Frank's creations in the window and asks if she could commission some of them for one of her upcoming shows. Frank has, shall we say, always had problems connecting with women on a human level (thus his mannequin obsession&#8212;though that is not to say they don't talk back); perhaps Anna will be the one to break through?Even if you've never seen the original&#8212;and I have started watching it maybe half a dozen times over the years and never made it past the twenty-minute mark&#8212;if you've seen a half-dozen slasher films at all, you know exactly where this is going, don't you? You should. The original film may have broken some sort of mold as far as the psychology of the killer blah blah blah (though I would call that highly arguable; this ground had been well-trod by giallo long before 1980), but even if you buy into that argument, the idea of a remake of it in 2012 is, well, pretty senseless. The saving graces here are the two principals (for most of the film, at least); Wood plays his role to the hilt, and Arnezeder comes off with the perfect blend of innocence and sexiness-in-passing to really put the chemical screws to Frank. Problem is, the script tears all that up and forces these square pegs into hexagonal holes in the last ten minutes-ish of the movie, because that is what plot demands. (And just forget about the last sequence. Turn the movie off about five minutes before the end and you'll have a better time with it than I did.) But still, those first eighty minutes are kind of good, if you think of them as a dramatic reading rather than a fully-formed movie. **
Just wasn't that good. The dialog was very predictable and the actor who played Bosch just doesn't work as a star. I doubt that I would make this part of my regular viewing.
Excuse the cheesy line, but I'm Not Jesus Mommy isn't a good film. The film is about Kimberly who decides to impregnate herself with a stolen clone because she's not capable of having children. The film quickly jumps around from her impregnation, 9 months after that, then another 7 years after that to the apocalypse; poor storytelling throughout the film may leave you lost. The story really doesn't bother explaining much. It's a slightly interesting story but the acting is terrible. Kimberly, the mother character, has no emotion in her acting and all of her dialogue sounds terrible; no heart whatsoever in her acting leading to a painful-to-watch performance, she has some potential though. Also, if you watched the teasers/trailers you might be expecting a film similar to The Omen, but it really has only a few similarities.However, I did enjoy the music in the film a lot. Also, David, the child, was often genuinely creepy. I didn't dislike this film because of its scientific or religious elements; I dislike this film because it's simply a poorly executed movie.I do not recommend directly paying to watch I'm Not Jesus Mommy. If you must watch this movie, it is available on Netflix streaming as of 6/17/12 to save some money.
Wow. I thought I was going to watch an interesting historical series and learn some new things about some historical figures.  I tried to watch two different episodes, one on Ben Franklin and one on Abraham Lincoln.  I felt like I was watching TMZ!  Honestly, sensationalistic poo!!  I looked up the "historian" who narrates this program and discovered that names of 2 novels he had written: one entitled "Gay Power: An American Revolution" and the other entitled "One Nation Under Sex" which he co-wrote with...wait for it...Larry Flynt!! Yeah.  That pretty much tells me what kind of "history" this man is interested in.  This show literally turned my stomach.  Very disappointing.  Unfortunately, this is what some think of as entertainment in our dumbed-down, sewer-minded society.
This made for TV movie was better than I expected.It walks you through a possible conspiracy theory in the death of Kennedy. It's told from the perspective of Oswald which is a unique take. I don't know how factual it is, but seeing the story told mostly from the point of view of the killer was definitely interesting and made for a fast paced thriller. It takes you through the the steps of the assassination and the chase afterwards and give you some possible reasons on why Oswald acted as he did.I really enjoyed this film. Rob Lowe and Ginnifer Goodwin both give stunning performances as Kennedy and the First Lady. Taken as a movie based loosely on historical events, this is an interesting film and worth watching, but like with everything, you should do your own research before forming any opinions.
Six students who graduate from high school go up to a Black Lake property where quiet Johnny (Daniel Zovatto) has access and knowledge of the thing that lives in the lake. The six kids get stranded in a row boat in the lake attacked by a rubber headed flesh eating fish. In order to survive they end up voting someone off.The film does its horror style character build up in the vehicle on their way to the lake. From then on all the action takes place in the boat in this low budget production. If you like films like "Altitude" or "Frozen" where the action is limited and takes place in one location, this one is of that genre, but a little worse.No sex or nudity in this horror film. The fish monster is MST laughable, but the rest of the film lacks cheese character. The film would have been infinitely better had they made it to the island, had a party, got picked off one by one, then attempted to cross back vs. rubber head.My recommendation: Watch "Two-Headed Shark Attack" instead.
Overall Prison Break was a very good show. Show title could have been better. This season they are put in a prison in another country and have to break someone out. Not a good season at all. Prison was boring and a lot of the new players were boring. Putting them back in prison was not a good idea. Had a shocking moment and some good points but not a great season weakest of the 4. Buy only if you like the show.
We really liked the first two seasons of Dual Survival, watching marathons of it at a time.  The chemistry between Cody and Dave was fun to watch.We couldn't make it through the first episode of Season 3 though because we can't stand Joe's personality.  The scene where he killed the boar is what did him in for us.  He sticks the knife in the boar and does it brutally and then looks around in such a fake way. No respect towards the animal or taking a life, it was all about trying to look like some kind of warrior. He tries way too hard to come off as this macho guy and we couldn't stand him.  I don't know what happened to Dave, but the show isn't the same without him.
For a pilot this was great.  I need to see more of it to decide if i will really like the series or not but I suspect the show will make it through it's first season.It is entertaining and interesting definitely worth a watch and a look at the second episode.
Great thriller with decent acting and a unique concept, but has a terrible ending!  I will not get into it, to not give it away, but the ending could have been much better!
Sorry, but these guys aren't playing with a full deck. None of them. Parker comes closer to being a miner than Todd or Fred. He has years of experience he can pull from his granddad . When it comes to common sense Todd doesn't  seem to have it. When they were loosing their gold at Quarts Creek, whey didn't they dig the dirt at the end of the trummel  and reprocess it at Indian River?If they make their fortune in South America it will be a miraculous. I do wish them luck and prosperity.
After watching the preview for this film I thought it looked promising.  It turns out to be rather typical and generally disappointing.  It's really just a bunch of fight scenes broken up by A LOT of running.  There's really not much of a plot.  If you're interested in watching this movie I would just save yourself the $7 and read one or two of the favorable reviews; you will get at least as much storyline as the movie gives.  This is one of those movies that looks like it could have been good but it just fell short.  Don't waste your money.
I confess I was not aware of Ann Sothern's work until I saw this.  Decent comedy and overall enjoyable.  Be aware the plot descriptions I see listed seem to be off on several of the episodes.  So watching them can be a surprise.  Oh yeah, one episode has a very young Harry Shearer....watch for him.
Great Cop show. NO SDH.. NO CC. For the hard of hearing... When Shout takes over. 90% of the time theyleave out the CC are SDH... Just cheap..And the people that have seasons 1-4 that have CC & SDH on them. Are now out of luck...From season 5 on..Thanks to cheap Shout..
I enjoy flea markets...but this seems a little too contrived and over the top.  It reminds me of the PBS series set up in Britain some years ago which was much more believable and fun.
The film begins with a young man wandering down a large, Mexican thoroughfare with a stricken expression on his face. A massive carnival -- fireworks, puppets, costumes, crowded frivolity -- billows around him as he stops and asks, over and over, where he can get a boat. Everyone points him down the street a ways. He wanders in that direction for a bit before stopping to ask yet another person. Over and over. Finally he finds a man in a bar who agrees to rent him his personal boat that he uses for work. The man goes back to his motel room (and pregnant wife) pleased. The next day, he finds the man at the dock, and without making any kind of real arrangements -- no paperwork, no discussion about where he's going, no ID, just a wad of cash handed over -- the couple takes the boat and sails off into some seriously bombastic opening credits, the kind that think volume is a good substitute for craft.I'm not sure what the point of this very drawn-out, very misleading intro was meant to be, but it neatly summarizes a lot of what's wrong with this film. It has a broken-ankle pacing, too much information is left out and what isn't is both repetitive and misleading, and never is there a real sense of who these people are, what they want to do, and what's going on around them. It gets worse when they land on an island that appears to be populated only by children of sinister intent.I'll grant you, the bones of the story aren't too shabby. In abler hands -- with stronger dialogue, more believable characters, and kids that can actually act -- the film could've been quite a thrill. It's just that the movie has nothing more going for it than its central concept, which is really just a kernel of what it should be. None of the concepts or ideas that surround it are explored. No real lessons are learned. Even when people are (ostensibly) running for their lives, it feels like nothing is at stake. Perhaps that's because the editing is so choppy, or the soundtrack is so inconsistent and in-your-face, or the characters are so featureless, or the attempts at gore and shock are mostly just intrusive and laughable. In any event, the end result is just dull.
ARBITRAGE is one of those movies that aspires to be more than it really is.  Despite its attempt to be a moral tale of contemporary business ethics, it's basically a story of a cheating husband having an affair that results in a tragic occurrence.  It essentially serves to show the power of wealth and the shallowness of the rich and powerful.  None of its leading characters are likeable or sympathetic, down to the self-serving detective.Richard Gere, a Golden Globe nominee, is excellent as Robert Miller, a deceptive corporate bigwig who'll do anything to maintain his excessive lifestyle.  Nate Parker gives strong support as Gere's helpful friend.  The rest of the cast doesn't fare as well:  Susan Sarandon is a caricature of every Lana Turner or Joan Crawford movie ever made.  As the corrupt detective, Tim Roth sleepwalks through the role.  Brit Marling as the betrayed daughter isn't given a lot of depth to truly involve the viewer.The film itself is slow-paced and never achieves a good momentum.Three stars for Gere's commanding effort.
I can imagine the thinking:  let's get some self-absorbed characters to push some boundaries on the cheap a la It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.  And I think there is some funny dialogue here but the actors are simply too obnoxious.  IASIP doesn't have likable characters but it has likable PERFORMERS.  These guys aren't funny, the aren't appealing, and I wouldn't watch them again.A lot of shows with middle-of-the-road writing are elevated by perfect casting.  This is middle-of-the-road writing crippled by terrible casting.  For all I know, these guys actually wrote the show, again a la IASIP, which is why they're here.  I don't know.  I didn't look.
Have loved the characters and most of the writing but the depths gone to of violence and evil are unwatchable.
I liked last years series, spooky and kept it interesting. This year they went wacko with the writing. It is disgusting and downright gross. Glad I didn't purchase the whole season! I love suspense, but not the sadistic torture, it lost the story line & focuses on cutting people up for fun. Really sad that this show has 5 star comments.  I cant watch people abusing, torturing & cutting their limbs off people. It's sick & very disturbing!
This lost my attention ten minutes in. It was stupid, flat and boring and I never finished it. It didn't live up to Steven King's other works.
***1/2"Red Cliff" provides us with a view of 3rd Century China as only famed action director John Woo could conceive of it:  that is to say filled with endless battle scenes that are as preposterously over-the-top and physics-defying as they are sanguinary and riveting.It's a tale of a group of lesser clan leaders who band together to defeat the dreaded Cao Cao, who with his army of 800,000 well-trained and fully-equipped warriors, is fully intent on claiming all of China for his own.  The filmmakers have come up with a number of diverting plot twists to keep the story from becoming stale and redundant, and there are enough discussions of fogbanks and directional wind shifts to fill a week's worth of "When Weather Changed History" programming.At a nearly two-and-a-half-hour-long running time, the movie is lengthy and exhausting, and occasionally rather confusing to follow, but the handsome production values and epic battle scenes should keep hardcore fans of the genre rooted to their seats for the duration.  Non-fans, on the other hand, may be somewhat less enthralled by the blood-spattered spectacle.
I've always enjoyed White Collar, as silly as it is, because of its stylish take on NYC.  But in the last few episodes, it's lost some of the features that anchor at least my interest.  If anyone's paying attention, then:1. We don't need a psychobabble back story for Mozzie2. What happened to the women?  Elizabeth is sorely underused; Diana is barely present; Sara is nowhere to be seen.  These roles are all played by fine actresses who bring humor, class, and pizzazz to what is otherwise a Hardy Boys story.  Bring 'em back!  In fact, a few episodes where the boys are locked up somewhere and it's up to the girls to rescue them would help a lot.3. Is there a writers' strike on?  The actors look embarrassed delivering some of that dialogue.
The hypothetical life of the protagonist time traveler, Dr. Who, has entertained me and my relatives who have grown into wonderful young men and women. They derived hours of pleasure watching all the episodes available here in the U.S.A. However, I did not give the show five stars because the stories are a bit far-fetched for the trained mind.
This show has good stories but bad production in the sense that it demands one suspend to much of ones rational mind.
I watch primarily for the sight of Ciaran Hinds and find Kelly Reilly distracting (I like her better as Mrs. Watson). Somehow this plot did not come together for me.
This tv show is so bad it is virtually unwatchable. The characters are horrible at acting and stupid. The plots are boring and uneventful. And it is not the slightest bit funny. This show is nothing more than the average boring generic sitcom trash that is on nickelodeon these days. Don't waste your money.
"Old school American horror." That was the tagline to Adam Green's "Hatchet" back in 2006, but the film was mostly comedy with all of the horror and gore being in the final 20 minutes or so. But Victor Crowley became an icon for some reason. Why he did and Leslie Vernon didn't is another story entirely. Nevertheless, "Hatchet II" was released four years later in AMC theaters with an NC-17 rating, but it was pulled literally two days after opening. Obviously the gore was too intense for viewers or it was so intensely scary that it was thrown back to the studio. It turns out that the film was just really bad and its decomposing funk was probably stinking up AMC movie theaters across the nation. The acting was beyond terrible and while the gore was ridiculous yet superb, itIn the opening moments of "Hatchet III," Marybeth shoves her fist through Victor Crowley's face before Crowley falls back onto a running chainsaw that splits him in half and showers Marybeth with blood. Somehow this is only scratching the surface of how gory this sequel really is. Grown men are ripped in half, their heads are knocked clean off their bodies, skulls are stomped, and limbs are torn from their torsos. All of that and it doesn't even cover a pair of testicles hanging from a tree that's referenced at least half a dozen times.There are a lot of little gems and throwbacks to the previous two films in "Hatchet III." It would be a shame to spoil the most spectacular kills and biggest surprises, so covering the more obvious ones seems safe enough to mention here. There have always been horror movie legends buried in the casts of the "Hatchet" films. Kane Hodder and Danielle Harris aren't exactly strangers themselves. "Hatchet III" brings in Jason Trost ("The FP," "All Superheroes Must Die,"), Derek Mears ("Friday the 13th," "Predators") and Sid Haig ("House of 1000 Corpses," "The Devil's Rejects"). Writer Adam Green (cameraman BJ McDonnell from the first two "Hatchet" films takes the director's seat this time) even has a humorous little cameo.The sequel is an all-around improvement over the last film. The story is as simple as it has been the first two times out, but at least the acting is better in "Hatchet III." Danielle Harris was never really quite as awful in anything before "Hatchet II." She's more reserved in "Hatchet III," spends most of her time brooding, and doesn't talk quite as much, which maybe makes her more tolerable. However her white trash accent really makes you grind your teeth at times. Sheriff Fowler (Zach Galligan) is really over the top while the extremely machismo demeanor Hawes (Derek Mears) has gets under your skin as soon as he steps off the boat.It's great that the film doesn't take itself too seriously though. There's at least one really good jab to the previous sequel in "Hatchet III." What makes it as entertaining as it is its obvious homage to the slasher films the "Hatchet" franchise pays tribute to. The SWAT team blasting everything in sight seems like an obvious reference to "Jason Goes to Hell" while there's some makeup effects at the end of the film that are similar to some of the effects in "Jason Takes Manhattan." Caroline Williams has the best scenes the sequel has to offer. Amanda's interrogation of Marybeth while she's in jail is the most engrossing scene in the film thanks to Williams' performance."Hatchet III" isn't going to win you over if you didn't like the first two "Hatchet" films, but it does seem to put the franchise back on track. The practical makeup effects and splatter house type gore is even more awesome and ridiculous than in the previous film. "Hatchet III" feels more like the "old school American horror" the original film promised that violently shoves comedy in the back seat while gruesome terror gets behind the wheel.
Betas has an interesting premise, but is bogged down with too much sophomoric humor and a lack of a sense of a long-term relationship between the characters. Maybe working out the back-story of each character would help the actors have a better sense of character relationships. The acting did not feel like the characters knew each other.I would like to see more dry humor and wit added to the comedy; these are suppose to be smart people, right? Then write them that way. Only the lead had some smart dialog but even that failed because of the way the others interacted with him. It just came across as dry. A bit of wit from the others would have spiced things up. They could anticipate his pep-talks and break in with witty comments or finish his sentence for him with a twist.There was a failure to really engage the audience. The writers and actors need to dig deeper and give us something from the soul. The pilot had good moments, like when the guys saw the "Valet Me" company celebrating at the restaurant. The bar scene with the woman in charge of investment advice needs to be better. The viewer needs to come away knowing how much the guys need her. It was only almost. The connection between her and the lead of the software group was interesting, but needs to have more of a sense of potential from the beginning. I liked her dry humor toward him, but a witty interchange that engaged the two of them (great minds, who are opposites, meet,)and us as voyeurs, would be fantastic. (See the final "Elementary" episode, when Sherlock meets Irene.) That is how it is done, folks!I also think a better title could help the series. Something like a texting alphabet soup or a proffer reference.Talk to people in the business. My daughter is a database architect and tells funnier stories than those in the pilot. For example: she once texted a VP during a meeting. "Shut this guy up or we will be here past lunch. Ask yourself, have we found the problem? He is just trying to sound important. I think the little programmer from India has the information we need." The guy looked confused to be texted by someone at the table, he did a double take and looked down at my daughter. Then read for a few minutes and finally stood up took charge and asked to hear from the other people.
Started out decent. Timothy Hutton really loses his acting ability in this one. He delivers lines like he just read them or someone is holding cue cards off screen. Obviously just made this one for the pay check. Many of the supporting actors seem to have no acting ability either. However, Miguel &Aacute;ngel Silvestre is very good. The dialog lets him down at times but have to give him a well done on his acting. Not familiar with his other movies but will definitely find more of his films.
This is a good idea wasted.Sigourney Weaver plays a Hillary kind of woman: former first lady, married to a philanderer, later divorced him. Ran for president, lost the primaries against the current democratic president. Accepted Foreign Secretary position, but is not getting along well with the boss. Hates the VP. Considers quitting so that she can run against her boss in the next primaries. Boss smells a rat and offers her supreme court position. She rejects that.The season had only 6 episodes. The first half was quite good, but then it dropped into sheer soap. Production of a second season seems to be unconfirmed. It would need to get much better.There is too much soap in the family story. Twin sons, one of them turned gay and druggie and always prone to cause scandals. The other son seemingly on track as her manager, but with his own issues. Alcoholic mother (a splendid Ellen Burstyn).Press relations too soapy. One female reporter seems to hound her, but actually admires her... you get the picture. (This person is hard to watch without screaming.)And the world doesn't behave as it should. Not the Russians, not the Ayrabs, and not the Chineses.After all, a disappointment. Pity. Second season not required.
Watchable, adequately entertaining, recycled challenges.  Players were not especially appealing and I never developed even a remote favorite.  Several players were so annoying that I wished I could have voted them off myself.  The three finalists?  Ho-hum.  Cinematography was well done and Jeff was more animate than usual.
This pilot revolves around Dorothy going to Oz in order to snag a birthday present for her Mom, but the inherent problem was how her mother knew about Oz immediately without question or concern. Along with how each of the character were already familiar with Dorothy. Setting the story in Kansas with tornadoes with Dorothy ''landing'' in Oz mysteriously would've been better. Putting more of the Oz mythos would've helped a great deal here. As does adding mystery, conflict, or a moral lesson. Also, the switch from traditional hand drawn animation to stop motion/claymation, and finally to preliminary sketches was more than a tad jarring.That being said...I do think subverting the ruby slippers in favor of the golden magical hat was a nice change.Hope to see some improvement as this moves forward.
I did watch all six episodes, and I probably will watch more if they make more. That main scientist shown in the picture is very annoying, I must say. As viewers we are somehow expected to believe that he knows more than he's revealing, but he just seems to be too contrived. The show reminds me somewhat of Flash Forward, but it doesn't come close in quality or scope.
A waste of time and money.  Theatrical exclamations and much head shaking by the author of a "book" on the subject.  Apparently he saves the "Interesting" details for his book, (if there were any at all).
Lots of cliches and stereotypes in the pilot.  Is this an &#34;after&#34; event borrowed from Revolution?  Is this purgatory borrowed from Lost?  Who knows?  I go back and forth as to whether or not I even care.  It could improve dramatically--but if it stays stuck in this back and forth, cliche, stereotype warp, I would give up after a couple of episodes.
The plot is simplistic and there is a great deal of violence. It's all about some loner who can't find a place to anchor and his battles along the way.  In the end he finds his significant other and settle's down.Acting is OK, no academy awards here.
This is about two zany characters -- a dog (Ren) and a cat (Stimpy) -- who manage to get into and out of trouble in every episode. Bathroom humor is common and their favorite &#34;commercial&#34; is &#34;Log&#34;. If you like zany, crazy, and wild (bathroom) humor, then Ren & Stimpy is your show!
New characters, lower quality scripting and animation. Overall half way thru season 1, disappointing considering the quality of the previous series.
The historical/cultural research and legends integrated into the plotlines of these episodes is probably what keeps me watching.  The Magnus character and her past-life husband are the most compelling characters; the others seem fairly one-sided caricatures.  The plot is based on a "sanctuary" developed to protect and study "abnormals"--those creatures with extraordinary powers and curses who could be compromised, exploited by scientists or other abnormals or creatures who pose a threat to the world.  While the premise is interesting, the stories often become sentimental and are verbally relayed rather than revealed through action.  Interesting concept but it needs much more depth, internal conflict, and complications to be compelling for viewers.
I really enjoyed the story but could not get past these characters continually smoking around a seriously asthmatic child. Who does that? Certainly not a mother who rushes home to her ill child's bedside.
I didn't care for the story line or the character dynamics. I feel that story had to much going on. I wouldn't watch the show if more episodes were made.
I really enjoyed this film. It is a simple love story based on the mystery of life. My only issue was that it was a bit slow, so there were a few scenes I FF'd. If you are in the mood for a sweet love story I recommend it.
If this is the &#34;new&#34; way of conducting business, tell Jeff B I won't be ordering any more complete seasons. I have ordered several seasons of various TV series and was never charged for the promos. You charged me the same price for a 2 minute promo that a whole episode costs. BS
This season is a little boring! I've been following, and until this season not too bad, but I think they're material is waning.. I'm kinda wondering why I purchased this season! .. Maybe I was bored..
I couldn't watch past 30 minutes....actually, on the 15th minute I went to make some tea which didn't help, by the way. The acting is just terrible, not believable....skip it, it's not worth it. I can't believe you had to pay 9.99 to watch it on demand when it came out originally.
I was hopeful that the 2nd season of this show would change things up a bit, and make the show more adult friendly. Before anyone calls me out for being an adult complaining about a kids show, take note that it doesn't have to be that way. Avengers: EMH, Batman: Brave and the Bold, Spectacular Spider-Man, and Young Justice are all examples of recent cartoons that were great for both adults and kids alike. The humor doesn't have to appeal to the lowest common denominator in order for kids to like it. That has been proven before, and it saddens me to see one of my favorite characters fall into this trap.
The characters seemed weak and loose, it lacked that evil that comes from the idea of a caveman like character. Good for the little kids but not much for older ones.
Nothing special that couldn't be seen on a Lifetime movie.  The acting was good, storyline good (stated this is a true story) but overall, just meh.
it is 2013, can we have something that looks halfway decent? I turned it off within 5 minutes, not funny, didn't like the voices. Amazon you did the right thing and let us tell you these shows are terrible before sinking anymore money into them.  I usually do not like claymation, or stop-motion shows and this was no different.  In cartoon type shows, how good it looks is just as important as any character or script.  It is the first impression one has of the show and needs to be visual striking to keep peoples attention.
I find it impossible to believe that Bering Sea Gold has ended for the season .Have they just taken a mid season break ?
This is a mediocre and boring show.The characters have no nuance and the actors are not helping.This is a shame.  The subject is timely and engaging.I had high hopes for this series but this is no Will and Grace.Alas.
I've rated this once  Nice voices but not a lot of change in plots  Love the voices and the new
Admittedly I was mesmerized by Nicolas Winding Refn's "Drive" from 2011 and went back and looked at "Valhalla Rising," his film from 2009.  I found it ponderously slow, solemn and extremely violent, but with a great artistic sense and terrific production values.  "Only God Forgives" is much closer to "Valhalla Rising" than it is to "Drive."  The biggest problem is that the movie is ridiculous from a story line perspective.Early on, I was putting too much thought into what was going on.  With a style closest perhaps to David Lynch with a bit of Terrence Malick tossed in, mobster Julian (Ryan Gosling) and police detective Chang (Vithaya Pansringarm) appear to be 2 sides of the same coin.  Julian's brother and fellow criminal is killed at the hand of the father of a 16 year old prostitute.  Even though daddy was also her pimp ("I've got 4 daughters and no son, so how else are they going to support me?"), she wasn't supposed to be brutally murdered.  When Chang gives dear old dad the option of being the executioner, he accepts.  Chang of course expects there will be reprisals but dad deserves it.Kristin Scott Thomas is over-the-top in her platinum wigged mob boss and mother of the two brothers.  Crystal loved the slain older brother and makes no bones about it to Julian.  She's there for revenge.  Not only the pimp-dad, but all the police who were involved and even some who weren't.Like "Valhalla" this film is light on dialog and that's probably a good thing because what almost saves it, is the look of the film.  I loved the color, the sets and how the beauty transforms quickly to violence and back.  The photography (Larry Smith) is extraordinary.  Ultimately the film is stylistic nonsense with great production values.
This show is terrible, shoddy acting, unbelievable storylines, the montages with awful cover songs, etc etc.1. The supposed "good guys" are gun brokers to gangs and murderers in their own right, I could care less about them. That's one of the main things that makes a series good is that you actually care about the characters but these guys are such scumbags all around it's actually painful to watch. I'm glad they lost overall at the end of this season. I was hoping for a better second season but this was worse than the first one and that's saying a lot. I won't be wasting time on this series anymore. Glad I only borrowed it.2. It's a sad thing to see the cops in the back pockets of these gangsters. It's embarrassing to see the Chief of Police following them around and even taking part in their crimes, a little todie. He even rats out his own "brothers" the FBI and ATF to this gang, endangering not just the informers lives but the lives of fellow law enforcement officers, awful. This is supposedly to protect some town from the real world? As long as they kill outside of city limits its OK with the police? I'd be afraid to live in a town like this, who knows what's next with the corrupt police and this biker gang. The cops even look the other way when someone is about to be killed? Even if Sobel is a bad guy what self respecting police officer would do that? The process of the law is one thing among others that makes us a society but this show seems to think it's all OK if one set of bad guys kills another or you're "protecting" a town, ugh! Murder is wrong no matter who does it and who it is done to.3. The constant song montages are so cheesy and overdone, ugh!! The covers are awful as well. Just a filler so everybody can LOOK so deep in emotion and to be pitied, etc. Weak minded people love this stuff.4. Trying to make criminals into family men and righteous vigilantes etc is so terrible. I was sickened by all the hugs and love yous between criminal killers I wanted to gag! This show is so embarrassing to watch. I'm just sorry I gave this POS another seasons worth of my time.5. A doctor turns into a helper for a criminal gang and even assaults and threatens hospital staff when she's reprimanded for it? Please. She needs to take that stick out of her a.. as well I've never seen a character so constipated before!The shallowness of it is so obvious, the characters are wooden(Clay) or miscast(Jacks). Genna, mother Sons, is such a lowlife it's another layer of BS that makes me dislike this show so much.If you want a realistic and well done drama you need to go to the premium channels. Boardwalk Empire, Game of Thrones, etc. For a decent but not great regular cable drama I like Justified. But this is just tripe.It's sad to see so many weak minded lovers of this tripe, good maybe it keeps you busy watching the tube so you don't do more damage to society by your idiocy.
What a horrible bunch of garbage. Did you read Julius Caesar in high school. Well, even if you hated it, this version of it is way worse.
Sophomoric is too grandiose for this series. It is meant for kids. I found it too stupid to watch. The characters seem like cartoon characters.
I usual enjoy movies with Uma Thurman but Ceremony tried to be  a romantic comedy yet failed. The tempo was slow and the actors mediocre. Ceremony is simply a movie not worth watching. I'm glad I didn't spend the extra money to purchase this movie. I wouldn't watch it again and wouldn't recommend to anyone.
As most formulaic cop shows go Dark Blue wasn't so bad. The back stories for each character was deep enough to get one to watch a second episode. Sadly, after second season it lost steam. A good ride none the less.
Watched the episode in Barcelona.  It was interesting enough to make me want to see others.  I will get back to it..just not at the moment.  High spots?  Bourdain of course is Bourdain, and worth a watch anytime.
The adult characters are intended to be unusual and interesting but come across as rather shallow, rather unprincipled and predictable which doesn't make very particularly good role models for the teens. The young people are typical teens with all the problems teens have except for their great ballet dancing.
Its hip, new age  writing or just lazy writing really a matter of perspective.  Her character is smart and open minded and understainding of just about anyone, which makes her comical when she tries to fit in with everyone. She is unsure of the adult she is because she equally shares her idealism with everyone therefore not having a full grasp of who she really is.  Others may say her as open minded and welcoming.  I've seen a couple of episodes may watch another one.
NO ONE smiles in this series...at least not the first couple of episodes.We could only watch two episodes...just too excruciatingly boring and grinding.
I felt like the producers were attempting to remake ALIENS without the big budget or a scary enough creature.  My dogs fell asleep on this one.  They'll usually watch just about anything.  Not tonight! BOOORRRIIIINNNNGGGGG!
The film has some good moments . The story line is good . Acting is typical of the genre . Some comic scenes .A lot of blood & gore . But not bad .
With an actress like Allison Janney, I expected a quality TV program. After following her Mom's (Allison Janney) example, Anna Fans plays a daughter who spent her life drinking and in dead end relationships. Fans is trying to turn her like around and is now sober and attending AA. .Although Fans isn't drinking, little else has changed in her life.. She has an affair with her married boss who is the manager where she works as a waitress - a job she hates. Examples of the pathetic jokes including Fan telling her own daughter she cannot tell her not to smoke pot or drink because that was her quote in her high school year book and calling Janney's date her &#34;new Dad&#34;.
I don't like giving negative reviews, but I guess they're just as important as good ones. I know I look for the negative reviews when buying products to get a balanced sense of things. Anyway, imho if you're an &#34;aficionado&#34; of this genre, you may not like it.For one thing, the main character is so ill matched for this role. Maybe it's the writer and director's fault, but with his fake-graying hair, wooden-style of acting and never doing what he's told by people far more in the know than he, just makes his character unbelievable and very frustrating. His stupidity puts people in harms way. Why the writers thought this was a good idea I don't know. Maybe that's one reason it was cancelled.That said, the story line is a good one, even interesting if not a bit overdone, the acting is pretty good by most of the supporting cast, and yet it leaves one unsatisfied. However, if one is new to this genre, you may enjoy it immensely. It is a lightly interesting show. Three Days of the Condor it is not!
This seems to have been set up as some kind of pseudo educational cartoon, but I think it misses the mark in a big way.  I have a 10 year old son that watches cartoons and after watching the pilot this seems to be a poorly put together Johnny Test knock off.  If Johnny Test happened to be about his twin sisters... and they were boys... and there were no humor or entertainment value it would be this cartoon.I was hopeful that this was going to be more in the style of Wild Krats introducing kids to science but no...  The moral of the pilot episode seems to have been &#34;Don't be a bully or you could be turned into a mutant bee and take over your entire school... until the nerds save you&#34;.Come on people, I think our kids deserve better!
Don't waste your time with season two.  She could be fun if she wasn't so hateful inside.  Not good.  Yuck.
This is a variation on &#34;Lost&#34;. No bad, but sorely lacking in credibility because the Army is aloof, the rest of the country is not really involved, a little too much isolation. Acting is fair to good. All that said, I still watch to find out how the story progresses.
I was very disappointed to learn this was a History Channel documentary praising the lords of industry and finance.  I should have been more careful to read the product description before I purchased it, but was expecting a good and possibly realistic drama about the period of Reconstruction and Redemption and what the average citizen experienced post Civil War.
This show would be good as a post apocalyptic show, simply focusing on people after the calamity. But there are additional supernatural, spooky elements added. In my opinion, those would be better over in their own show. Two shows in one makes for murky confusion. Also, the acting is not that great, nor is the direction. A disappointing offering from Chris Carter.
The only "bang" in this series for me was the sound of my remote hitting the television screen in disgust. My bad, I bought into all the rave reviews for this abysmal, Erkel-ized comedy.Throw glasses onto Johnny Galecki and it STILL doesn't make him funny. (His casting as the weirdo, brooding idiot on Roseanne I always found strange, too.) Are people finding this "cute"? "Smart"? All I can say if I am over 50% similar to you, do yourself a favor and find some quality TV sitcom reruns to scratch your comedy itch. This will having you banging your head against the wall.
I would love to see these actors in a different series setting.  The humor was extremely cheesy, and it was full of characters staring at cell phones as the only device to show lackidaisiness.  These characters are unlikable.  The funniest part was the credits, when Colbert provided the laughs.
I enjoyed LAY THE FAVORITE, but I&#8217;m not quite sure how to classify it.The film&#8217;s distributor is attempting to promote it as a &#8220;comedy,&#8221; but it isn&#8217;t one.  Nor is it a &#8220;drama&#8221;.So, what is it?For lack of a better term, I&#8217;ll call it an interesting &#8220;light drama&#8221; about the world of gambling.Adapted from the best-selling memoir by Beth Raymer, the story centers on &#8220;Beth&#8221; (Rebecca Hall), a former Florida stripper who travels with her dog to Las Vegas and winds up working for &#8220;Dink&#8221; (Bruce Willis), the owner of a small-time sports gambling enterprise.Beth and Dink soon discover that she is good with numbers, and the business begins to thrive until Dink&#8217;s jealous wife (Catherine Zeta-Jones) arrives on the scene, forcing the younger woman to quit Vegas and travel to New York with her new boy friend (Joshua Jackson) and go to work for a shady gambler (Vince Vaughn).  Unfortunately, in New York, gambling is illegal, and before long, Beth must call on Dink to help her out of a sticky situation that can land her in prison for a long stretch.Stephen Frears directed this entertaining film.The Blu-Ray release from Anchor Bay Entertainment includes several deleted scenes. Michael B. Druxman
I enjoy it for the most part..there is some fun wit in the writing and the actors arejust fine..the stories can be fun.  It's just fine for what it is..light and fluffy but entertainingand that is exactly what I like at times..I like the new quirky actress..she has a fun characterand that adds a lot and I think with time it will be getting better and better..it's still new to meand I am starting at the beginning never before having watched it even tho it's been around..My Roku has given me that ability..and I love my Roku!!
Overall, I didn't care much for this film. It does have some highlights, like Hugh Jackman's portrayal of a pervy car-salesman, and the cute young girl named Destiny, but that's about it. Jennifer Garner and Ty Burrell have some funny moments, but they are just MOMENTS and can't carry the whole film. I actually found the whole "let's make fun of middle-America" thing a bit on the vicious side, and Olivia Wilde's character was just gross. I was glad that I didn't have to pay to see this one.
Extremely boring and weird. It tries to hard to be unique and different without having any substance. In end I did not care for the show.
So, the monsters are giant, walking, glowing, octopus, from outer space, and towards the end of the film you get to see them have sex. Oh no, I am not kidding. Despite its original title and awful special effects, Monsters, is not a bad story. It is however another example of a writer, using science fiction, to promote his own agenda and bigotry. The infected zone is Mexico and you're safe once you get to America. How about the largest man made structure in the world? A wall to keep the aliens out of the USA. As for the acting, it was two newcomers who actually were pretty good, but whom are easily overlooked. It's because Monsters is one of those movies, where you keep waiting for something to happen and it never does. It had good potential, but was just painfully boring...unless of course you enjoy octopus sex.
I had heard a lot about Ducky Dynasty but had never seen an episode. Now that I've seen one, I can cross it off my bucket list and get on with life. Yes, these are nice people but all they seem to do is sit around and try to get out of working. Give me Billy, the Exterminator, any time. At least he does something.
Definitely worth watching. A lot of action and 15th century B.S. about God and the Devil. If it were true, they certainly could not be defeated by swords. It's worth a watch but I wouldn't set my hair on fire hurrying to get it.Dark and confusing plot. Leaves a lot of holes to the imagination.  It is all a strange Devonshire movie with heavy accents and two bit metal and amazingly accurate flintlocks, which had not been invented yet, used to kill.Generally makes no sense, but Good wins over Evil as always.  I would wait until it is Prime Free.
I didn't care at all for the plot or the acting. This is not a show that I would ever watch any episodes.
When I watch a documentary I always hope that it will answer the questions that I would have asked had I been there to access the experts. A good is example is the odd animal and woman combination found on one pillar. I wanted them to go a little deeper into its possible meaning. Instead I got a rehash of the same tired comments about early man's bizarre habit of creating half animal, half human effigies. If you are going to say something is unusual, there needs to be at least some indepth attempt to do more than dismiss as just like all the other half-human, half-animal images that exist in other places and times. Why aren't their more images of this type? Is it from the same period as the other drawings? No answers, just video tape. In short the cave seemed to ask many questions that the videographer did not. There is some great HD footage but at times the lighting could be better, the camera moves too fast and the experts tended to go on about things I didn't care much about.
this was a great show! it was fun and engaging. But it was cancelled after four seasons. And the show runners didn't even know it was coming. so we get a ending similar to what happened to alphas. in that one everyone seems to be dead accept one character , so that's that. and this is similar in that regard. Not that everyone is dead.  But, as this is a cliffhanger , I guess we are stuck with that conclusion. Ok. don't get mad at me. A and e did this to you , not me.  HE's dead. the series is dead. Unless they make a one off episode movie or something to tell us otherwise. Until that moment though , this was a fun show and what a shame that they axed it.  adding it to a huge number of shows with horrible endings.  The other eps are good though, with weird murder cases and such. In hd this season looks great and it hasn't even been released on dvd and may never be.  So what can you say?
If you like Sherlock Holmes you will probably watch this.  I liked it but it's not close enough to what I think Holmes and Watson should be like.  I will probably watch episode 2 just to see if it gets better.  Make up your own mind.
What show are the rest of these reviewers watching? I was excited to see this after reading the reviews, but barely made it through the first two hours. Incredibly boring, like a lavish network soap with all that implies. The history is sketchy; if you're going to twist history, at least make it fun and appealing in some way that the truth does not.This is one of the slowest and most unpleasant tv shows I have seen in some time. Then again, I don't watch tv, only tv shows on dvd that reviewers I usually trust found to be good. Guess that's not the best way either! Oh well, I found The Office (the funny version) and Arrested Development that way, so it can't be all bad. Didn't work this time, though.Pass.
I purchased the entire first season so I could compare to the original Swedish/ Danish original.  So far Amazon's Instant service is a bust!!  I can't see anything... only audio!  What gives.
The shark jumping is constant.
The show is Ok not a great show of this type,  Of course the use of psychic is the first clue to the BS level I have never met one was not as phony as can be.  Of course the talk about seeing this and that but some how the camera is never pointing the right way.  It is  Ok if you are bored but not really that good The five star reviews where no doubt done by cast members or payed for. Also Luminal will react to a great many types of proteins and molds not just blood and would not show up on blood that old at all the proteins would be to degraded.
Christopher has been in too many dark works since leaving Dr. Who---I loved him in that role and really missed him. Who needs one more crummy politician----
so i truly enjoyed the first two seasons of Battlestar...truly awesome, military sci/fi show, insane sets, great plot, good acting and those Cylons. all great....the end of season two had some difficulties. alot ALOT less action and more crying. lots of crying. lots of drama. lots of forgetting the entire purpose of the show.season three is where ive ended my battlestar lust....i truly cant take Starbuck anymore, whiny brat...could care less about her romantic interests nor her false bravado.entire spisodes went by with nary a mention of the Cylons.....which, lets be honest...is the best thing about the show.it seems they lost focus or they changed course to appeal to the more 'dramatic' aspects while shelving the 'sci/fi' alltogether.terrible mistake.... i fear season three is when i say frack off Battlestar....you had a AMAZING thing going.
Who are the target audience here?!  It is offensive, and not funny at all.  Could not continue for more than 10 minutes.  Tried to give it a chance but the show never got better.  Had bad teachers but this is just outright awful.  It gives teachers such an underserved bad rep and for what. Sorry but I don't get it nor see any comedy value in this.
The two remaining innkeepers at the Yankee Pedlar Inn get more than they bargained for when they set out to capture evidence of the hotel's legendary ghost in THE INNKEEPERS, Ti West's highly-anticipated followup to HOUSE OF THE DEVIL. Once again, the director moves to impress with his incredible talent for balancing a slow, deliberate pace with clever characters and spooky suspense, though the same can't be said for the plot, itself. Sara Paxton and Pat Healy couldn't have been more perfectly cast as the two awkward leads, bringing their own dry wit and innocent charm to the characters. For all West's skills as a writer and director, however, he is found lacking as an effective storyteller. He simply doesn't know where to go with his films, and as a result, they typically fall apart in the final act. THE INNKEEPERS is no exception. While we have fun sitting back and laughing with his two bumbling hotel clerks, the questions set up in the first several chapters are left entirely open-ended, and the mild shocks do not compensate for the lengthy build and anticipation. Still, it is impossible to deny the man's skill behind a camera. Even the most trivial scenes are made interesting through his keen visual style, which keeps the audience glued to the screen despite the overall lack of action. Fans of the slow burn will appreciate the many redeeming qualities in THE INNKEEPERS, and it is sure to receive a cult status amongst other subtle haunts like THE CHANGELING, THE SENTINEL, or BURNT OFFERINGS.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
As a Portland resident, I'll admit that it's nice to see the town in high-quality photography, and I'll agree that most of the caricatures are quite spot on. However, I've never been a great fan of the show for a couple reasons. One is that the same ideas are milked over and over, often using the same characters, with no new ground being broken. The feminist bookstore is probably the best example: Each successive skit in that setting seems to be just a variation on the original idea, without reaching for additional substance or a new perspective. Another problem is that Armisen and especially Brownstein seem to equate inarticulate mugging with comedy. This just in: They're not the same thing. Sputtering your lines, raising your eyebrows or tossing objects is no substitute for true humor. There are some skits that are nice in the way that a short poem is, and of all the routines in this season I think the Battlestar Galactica one is truly inspired, though it does go on a little too long in the middle. This series is adequately diverting most of the time, but it's hardly as good as it thinks it is. Still, I'll keep watching in hopes of someday seeing Union Station in high definition....
I absolutely love historical fiction, but I equally and a fanatic when writers write to meet social goals and drift from historical accuracy to meet a social agenda. I was really looking forward to the series, but must admit I was a bit disappointed. Still worth watching but not a top shelf work like THE BORGIAS or The TUTORS.
My kids used to remark about an old joke that it was old when the dinosaurs roamed the earth. This formula about an aggressive, honest, opinionated sheriff taking on a saloon-keeper in the wild and wooly American West is far from original.  It is not well acted, directed or conceived.  I expected much better from the cast.  One cultural stereotype after another with many murders, jurisdiction challenges, and righteous indignation.  How much a relief it would be if life were like that....
I cancelled my season pass for last year and will not buy this year because I DON'T PAY FOR COMMERCIALS. Fire the person who thought it was a good idea.
Disappointed that  these Vikings seemed.......docile. Didn't want to watch beyond episode 1. it was a little slow moving for me.
Shot in a kind of found-footage documentary style, EUROPA REPORT is a sci-fi movie about a group of six astronauts chosen by a private organization to travel to Jupiter&#8217;s moon, Europa, to investigate the possibility of life. As part of the journey, the crew is extensively taped and photograph: there are cameras everywhere on the ship, including some in the helmets of their spacesuits. The cameras and communications keep sending footage back to Earth on a constant basis. Thus the EUROPA REPORT is a documentary consisting of footage of the astronauts on their journey as well as spliced interviews before and after the trip.I didn&#8217;t have any issue with the overall plot of the movie. There are several moments where you had to really suspend your disbelief (I mean, why was there no plan in place if a person&#8217;s spacesuit became contaminated? And, don&#8217;t these people know how to follow orders: when you&#8217;re ordered to come back to the ship after a walk, you come back). However, there are moments like these in most of the movies we watch; the suspension of disbelief is part of what makes a movie a movie.I also thought the acting was pretty good and for such a low budget film the special effects were well done, too. Lastly, I appreciated how much the movie tried to ground itself in realism.However, despite an interesting plot, good acting, and decent special effects, I found the EUROPA REPORT to be incredible boring. I thought about stopping the movie after just fifteen minutes into it. Part of this is because the way the movie is edited. The first half of the movie is all choppy: it jumps around from all kinds of different footage on the ship from different time periods and includes interviews with the astronauts before leaving as well as interviews with the leaders of the corporation that sent them after the mission ended. During the first half of the movie there is no real structure or continuity. It&#8217;s difficult to figure out exactly what&#8217;s happening and what has already happened. There are moments that I even thought were dream images (this misconception was fixed towards the end of the movie).Beyond that, the other reason EUROPA REPORT is so boring is because nothing really happens. Much of the footage of the astronauts is just images of them walking around or talking. That&#8217;s it. About halfway through the movie things pick up when something unexpected happens (something that was foreshadowed much earlier). However, then it slows down again. There&#8217;s a build up when the craft approaches Eurpoa, but even after arriving on Europa, the movie never really picks up. I realize the story grounds itself in realism and tries to provide a more accurate view of what space exploration is like. However, in general, everyday life doesn&#8217;t make a good movie, even everyday life aboard a space ship travel half-way across the solar system.Overall, although there is some decent acting, good special effects, and a solid story that tries to immerse itself in realism, EUROPA REPORT is like a bunch of cheap fireworks purchased just before Independence Day: a slow burn that ends in a fizzle instead of a bang.
The nerds are out of academia and into the cut-throat world of business, trying to bring a start-up to life in an incubator whose godfather may be less than trustworthy. In fact, everyone they encounter seems ethically challenged. The characters are quirky, the plot somewhat predictable, and there's plenty of sex and drug use. Not a favorite but not bad either.
It's hard to describe this series because it is good in some ways and not so good in others.  The volume control could have been better, for one thing.  The characters are alright.  I thought the original premise was very good.
I can't believe Elijah lent himself to this trash.  If acting is looking wide-eyed during the entire movie then all the "actors" did their job.
I love animation, play-doh/clay, and sci-fi.  That being said, ironically I found myself not loving this pilot.  It wasn't terrible, but the humor was flat...or maybe just the voices.  I think that even marijuana advocates might find it falling short, well minus high school kids or college freshmen with their newfound devotion to following the slogan, "what's of the earth, is of the greatest worth." I have much love for Kevin Sussman, and I think he deserves to have roles/parts larger than in The Big Bang Theory/Burn After Reading/Ugly Betty/Weeds/Tabletop, but I'm not sure this is it.
Predictable, terrible plot and I just want to slap all the characters except the lady who plays the bride.  I do not recommend it at all and I didn't find it funny.
I like Jonathan Rhys Myers who has performed in a number of roles, most notably Henry VII demonstrating his range of skills.  This role I did not like and the story line was not unique enough given all the other vampire movies out lately to be worth seeing the whole movie through.  I turned it off half way though which I don't do usually unless the story line is boring or not worthy of my attention.I would only recommend this to folks who can't  get enough  vampire movies.Deena
I am interested in watching it but I won't say, I rush home to in order to tune in. I do like the &#34;detective work&#34; that is in it. But not what I anticipated Sherlock to be like.
This series is a disappointment. Painfully slow-moving and artificial. Cannot compete with Downton Abbey
The Elena in the books has character and strength. The actress they cast... well, she is very pretty.  I understand the networks want to cast young attractive people to draw watchers, but couldn't they have tried a little harder to find an actress with both looks and a personality?Other than that, I think the show is pretty good. I like the changes made to the story line, and to the characters. Clay, for one, is much more likable.
the show takes forever to get anywhere and when something in the plot actually happens it is not that great
This was going to be my first and only public service announcement review in which I tell you not to bother because it is not nearly funny enough and is terribly cruel to the male and that when I found myself laughing during the film it was in the Girls' Night Out kind of way where you have only one free night that all your friends are available and even though they are not in peak form you want to make the best of it in order to make everyone happy and justify spending the time and money when you really know you would have better enjoyed staying at home.On the other hand, if you really need to laugh and will take anything, which is how I felt just before I plunked $8.50 down at the cinema to see The Other Woman, or if you want to support our funny female actors, there are some amusing moments between Diaz and Mann so much so that you wish you could pluck their characters out of this film and put them in another.  But is that enough?  You decide.
I'm right there with the Captain...&#34;this is the first time I've seen you since you boarded&#34;...or something to that effect.  I get the feeling that some heavy editing happened before release.  We don't get to see any detail of what those scientists are up to, at least not that I recall. I thought it odd that there was radio silence (except for a select audience of one).  More fiction than science I guess.  I was hoping to get that feeling of urgency that you might have felt in Legend, Outbreak or possibly the Andomeda Strain (the original, not that sad replication for TV).  Pass...for now. I'll wait until it's free on Netflix.
After the 1st episode, you come to realize how formula ridden the show is.  Of course most shows follow a pattern, but because this series is dramatic, it's more obvious and any emotional element quickly loses its impact.
So far we have only watched the first two episodes of Season 2, but so far it's not grabbing me like Season 1 did. That may change as they develop the Season 2 storyline.
So many of my favorite characters die off or disappear on this series.  Only two of the original cast remain by the end of the series.  It's an intriguing series, novel, but basically same plot for each episode which eventually culminates in one master plot line of saving the world by collapsing universes.  The &#34;monsters&#34; all seem cast of the same mold and this is where innovation and imagination could have catapulted the series.  If you want something of the same ilk with more innovation and sophistication, try FRINGE--the whole series.  You won't be disappointed.
This show gets 3 stars for having great acting and being fun to watch, but it's more in the vein of  Hollywood &#34;based on true story&#34; than actually historical. Normally, that would be fine, but this is the History Channel, or use to be at least. Hopefully, the use the show as an opportunity for documentaries on the real historical figures and acts that inspired the show. For me, though, trying to keep the true separate from the fiction was too difficult and I opted not to watch the rest of the season after 2 episodes.So maybe you're wondering what was so inaccurate? Am I one of those people who can't stand the vikings weren't wearing enough armor, that characters are a little more badass than real life, that there are hints at fantastical elements or that all the women somehow have access to massacre and hairspray ? No, I realize this is a TV Show and sometimes being able to see characters' facial expressions or adding some foreshadowing can help that along. So maybe I'm annoyed by a few hundred years of Viking technology and events all getting compressed into one loose-cannon-who-doesn't-play-by-the-rules? Nah, compression can help move a story along and give us a hero for the story.It annoyance is the overall narrative where the Vikings are shown as an ignorant, dirty, savage people seemingly isolated from the rest of Europe. This completely unnecessary portrayal forces the Vikings into a weird &#34;New Land&#34; narrative whereby the Vikings don't believe there is any land to the West, and Ragnor bravely sails it find a peaceful native people and proceed to pillage them. The Vikings are made to be completely mystified by the written word (staring at it dumbly before burning it), unnecessarily killing every single monk, and completely unaware of Christianity. Never mind that the Vikings had been trading with people in the current U.K. for decades before. Never mind that the Vikings had their own written language. Never mind that it is unlikely the raid was random, but at least the result of gathered information, if not some kind of retribution. And while the real raid was very brutal, not every monk was killed or taken captive, many were left alive and the monastery continued to function.There is some attempt to soften this brutal portrayal by showing a Viking court proceeding with laws and something of a trial. Women are also shown to have some power in society with Ragnor's wife coming across as fiercely independent (ironically, a woman fighter would be very odd for real Vikings). However, this effort is quickly erased by other women getting raped or threatened with rape as everyday occurrence. (The Vikings are believed to have had anti-rape laws and strong taboos against harming women, although the treatment of foreign women and slaves is probably up to interpretation), and the town chief has two men brutally killed without a trial for minor acts of treason. One of whom appears to be the only blacksmith, and the other a loyal spy.Whenever the writers can make the Vikings out be their stereotypical crass, ignorant, dirty, violent men, that path is chosen. While the Christians are beyond peaceful, learned, and clean.
The storyline is well thought out. I do not like &#34;ugly&#34; because I think in pictures and these things re-run in my mind. However, I watched all the episodes.
The premis sounded great but after a couple of episodes, I found that I did not care for the main character.  She was too pushy and manipulative. I found all of the family drama a bit overboard.
The show does remove the  veil from the sites in the holy land. I saw a couple of episodes when this was first run. But I missed more then I saw so it was nice to see it was available. Please way to spend half an hour.
Suddenly this series has decided to put in more profanity and nasty talk.  I found this offensive and unnecessary.  Perhaps OK for some, but not for me.
Not understanding why they are selling a season pass to a show that they do not have rights to show to you. Why am I getting charged for the new episode when I can't even watch it?
Too many people with too many issues.  Way too many sub plots wandering around in search of a center.This is classified as a comedy and, assuming it hasn't been mis-classified, it fails dismally.  Not only did I not laugh, I never even cracked a smile.Reasonably good acting, good camera work, good sound.  But all for naught without a compelling story.
Ten bodice ripper
Wish I had read reviews before I even tried to watch this.  Gave up after about 15 minutes.  Absolutely nothing to make me want to waste any more of my time.  Seems this &#34;work&#34; is another bit of self promotion by Nancy Grace.  Think she best stick to whatever her fan base is willing to put up with!  She isn't a serious threat to Lee Childs or Michael Connelly, nor even Clint Eastwood and his last few screen bombs!
The same old thing every week.  Run from one place to the next, try not to get caught.  Just gets old fast
I mean, seriously.  Pretty sure the even used the exact same lines. G. R. O. S. S. How lazy and terrible.
V/H/S is a hybrid of the old and new traditions of horror movie where they take a good ol' fashioned anthology and mix it up with modern hand-held camera angles. Let's see how each segment did on it's own shall we?Tape 56/Main Arc: Interesting ideas that could've been executed better. A group of thugs are given a job to break into a house and retrieve a VHS tape, but they don't know which one. So a random guy is assigned to watch a tape with a dead body in the room, and when each segment ends someone disappears and the dead body has moved slightly. As I said, interesting idea but not much is revealed, pretty much everything I said about it is all you see about it, so if they elaborated more on this story it could've benefited greatly.Amateur Night: A trio of dumb young guys (a prominent feature throughout V/H/S) go out on a mission to get laid, and they pick up a normal drunk chick and a very odd looking girl that has warning signs blaring all over, which the guys seem oblivious to until she's tearing one of their chest's apart. This was the highlight of V/H/S for me, with graphic violence, creepy make up, and some genuinely unsettling scenes for a horror veteran, this was a perfect segment. I'd rate this (5/5)Second Honeymoon: Interesting idea with an anti-climactic payoff. A man and wife are having their second honeymoon (hence the title) and the first scene you see is them going to a fortune teller who gives them a bad omen. After the frightening Amateur Night this was quite a let down, the only creepy scene was when they realized a woman was outside asking for a ride and loitering outside, but just because I was expecting something to happen. As the story goes on the random woman gets into their hotel and videotapes herself above them sleeping, which would be creepy if I hadn't seen Silence of the Lambs before, which did that same idea much better over 20 years ago. In the end the wife actually plotted her husband's murder and the random woman is her lesbian lover, which could've worked, except the entire conclusion was rushed and just felt like a sucker punch to the face. I know Ti West (the director) is critically acclaimed among some people but I think he just sucks, House of the Devil was completely unmemorable (oh it's vintage! NEVERMIND!) and the Innkeepers was a snooze-fest with a predictable climax. So for Ti West standards it is ok, but compared to Amateur Night it was pretty stupid. (2/5)Tuesday the 17th: Uh-oh, the segments are starting to go downhill now. Four days after Friday the 13th a group of college students go out to some isolated woods to smoke weed and flirt, while one of the girls is acting strange. Again the setup was interesting, as the video camera seems to glitch out and show random dead bodies in certain locations, but as the story progresses half the cast gets killed out of nowhere, and the last girl reveals that another group of her friends were murdered in the same location and she's now trying to catch the killer, using her current friends as bait. The catch is the killer is never clearly shown through the camera and has implied supernatural powers, all of which just didn't make sense and wasn't built up well. (1/5)The Sick Thing That Happened to Emily When She Was Younger: Interesting idea, more of a payoff here (but not much). The whole segment is shown through Skype segments with Emily talking with her despondent boyfriend. She believes that there are ghosts in her house, and that her room is haunted while the boyfriend is trying to calm her down and promise her that she's not going crazy. This segment utilized suspense a lot better than the last two segments, especially with Emily walking around her apartment with her eyes closed instructing her boyfriend to tell her if there's anything there. Again though, the twist is straight out of the left-field, where they're in fact aliens harvesting embryos from her body, and the boyfriend is in on it, as it ends with him talking to another random girl on Skype. The twist was almost unnecessarily weird, and would've been just as effective if the boyfriend had no idea what was going on and we just watched something weird/sick happening to Emily, but at least it was ambitious and set itself up well. (3/5)10/31/98: Like the first segment, a bunch of guys are out on Halloween looking for a good time, and for whatever reason enter a seemingly vacant house looking for 'da party'. When they reach the attic they see a bunch of cult members about to sacrifice a woman, and pull her out as the cult members are grabbed by hands from the ceiling and pulled out of sight, and when the guys are escaping the house some of the craziest s*** happens in this segment, with doorknobs disappearing and crows flying out of rooms, the segment really has to be seen to be believed. Finally the guys escape the warping house and soon realize that the lady was in fact possessed and the cult members were preforming an exorcism, so she escapes the car and leaves them on train tracks for a train to wipe them out as she goes wandering the streets. The ending could've been a lot creepier but it was still a very unique and fascinating watch. (Although I'm getting tired of seeing hands come through the wall, it all started with a youtube video ((The hand demon)), then Grave Encounters did it, and now this did it, it's starting to get old). (4/5)So overall V/H/S started strongly, sulked during the middle, then concluded on a high note. Three of the stories were well done while the other two were weak sauce, although the nice thing about anthologies is if it gets boring you know the movie will move on in ten minutes or so. So V/H/S was a bumpy but consistently fun ride as I didn't know what to expect next, and a horror movie covering succubi to lesbian murders to glitched out serial killers to aliens to possessed haunting, that's a pretty damn good horror movie. It's too bad the segments couldn't have been consistent but I hope V/H/S gets popular because maybe, just maybe, there'll be more of a demand for horror anthologies in general.*Edit: A side-note about the nudity, it's been awhile since I've seen V/H/S but I remember it being in Amateur Night and TSTTHTEWSWY was that in amateur night it made sense with the lore of the creature and ultimately made her appearance creepier, while in TSTTHTEWSWY the reason Emily's boyfriend wanted to see her naked body was simply for harvesting purposes, so I'd argue that in those cases it worked with the context of the stories.
Nah, not a good year.  No drama.  Similar challenges.  Padma has lost her charm and Tom seems held back.  It's time to pack it in and move on. The whole show has simply gotten boring -- like most repeat season cooking shows.  We need something new.
This show used to be about two guys, one a cocky attorney and one a genius pretending to be an attorney, and it was also about the interesting process of trying to survive as a rookie (with secrets) in a highly competitive law firm, a topic which had never really been explored before. And the writers did a good job, for a while. But - and this is what gave it moral weight - it was also about clients. Clients. That's right, real people, non-attorneys in danger from the law, who needed very good representation to win them justice.Then, as season 2 ground on, this show became only about the war-ing egos WITHIN the law firm, the jostling for power that the writers just make up the rules for as they go along - and it had so many twists and turns that no outcome was ever earned dramatically. It became like watching a bunch of smart alecks exchanging zingers - the equivalent of teenage boys in an alley saying, "No,YOUR mother eats golf balls." Or whatever. Gabriel Macht (Harvey) is a very watchable actor, but the writers no longer give his character anything that means more to him than his own vanity. Patrick J. Adams (Mike) is a very limited actor, and he can't convincingly play a hetero guy. He may be one, I don't know or care - but he can't PLAY one. Yet his story arc has degenerated into: "But Rachel, don't you love me, now that we had completely unconvincing frantic sex in the law library?"We need stories that aren't just about a bunch of overinflated egos vying for dominance in a sterile corporate environment. Ultimately, the human ego is boring. We need stories. There aren't any.
I FELT THE WHOLE MOVIE WAS VERY POORLY WRITTEN AND EXECUTED. IT SEEMED LIKE IT WAS ALL EYE CANDY AND NO SUBSTANCE.
Dialogue good. Acting good. Story good. But not as good as others, George Gently or Jack Taylor. Try the other two series first.
Lifetime's "Dance Moms" fills a specialty niche in reality programming that you either love or you hate.  Season One was a surprise hit for the network, Season Two has further exploded in the ratings, and the network even launched a totally unnecessary spinoff in Miami. (I mean really, how many stage mothers does one need to see highlighted on national television?) That's just it, I'm not a huge fan of putting children into stressful situations on TV and watching their parents straddle the line into exploiting them for profit.  I know it's a fact of the world, but it doesn't always qualify as entertainment for me to see people behaving poorly.  At least "Dance Moms" features talented young performers, a strong instructor in Abby Lee Miller, and a no-nonsense approach to some of the sillier mom-related shenanigans.  There is an unpleasant underbelly to this world of competitive dance.  "Dance Moms," in large part, capitalizes on an unsavory aspect of child rearing.  But for the right reasons, it also showcases talent and drive.  For those distinctions, it's not nearly the purposeful train wreck of the popular "Toddlers and Tiaras" which is even more distressing and over-the-top (even though it might be strangely alluring).As a guilty pleasure, as I said, "Dance Moms" will either rock your boat or come across as patently distasteful.  In a given episode, you can expect Abby Lee Miller to push the children (as young as six).  Depending on your viewpoint and experience, you'll think she is motivating them or berating them.  If they want to compete at a national level, this is a fact of competitive sport.  For me, it's hard to be too squeamish about Miller's techniques so most of my disdain is with the parents.  At least one parent will object to her methods and confront her in a staged battle with plenty of bleeped foul language.  I don't particularly like the aspect of the dance world and the show that sexualizes children either (some of the moves are designed for provocation and sexiness).  To have their kids participate in Miller's program is a huge physical, emotional, and financial stress to the families involved.  The ultimate question in "Dance Moms" tends to ask if it is worth it.Season One is comprised on 12 real episodes and a Most Outrageous Moments special.  On four discs, this comes to just over 9 hours of programming.  The Bonus Features also include additional footage, but I'm not sure that anything included will actually enhance your viewing experience.  If you know what "Dance Moms" is and you love it, obviously you'll want to pick up the release of Season One.  While my rating straddles the middle ground, my comments are made to give new viewers an idea of what the show is and how it plays out.  If you're on the fence about whether it is right for you, I suggest you find a rerun on Lifetime or even check out an episode on on-demand (they have it here on instant video) to see if you like it.  As a train wreck guilty pleasure, there are certainly worse shows on TV but I still don't like getting kids involved.  KGHarris. 8/12.
I like this show.  Though as it were, I am starting to less and less.  So I get it.  The man who works for the F.B.I. needs something.  He may be in danger if he does not get it.  Not just him but his family.  So he takes this family hostage.  He needs everyone in the family alive.  There in lies the problem.  He always threatens to kill a member of the family, when in reality he would know that if he killed one of them, he would be dead and he would have no chance of getting what he needed.  So every time he says he is going to kill them, I just roll my eyes.  The wife and kids have had chances to escape.  The kids actually did.  But they ran back home.  It was so stupid.  I mean, the wife was in the, I think C.I.A. place and she could have just told what was happening.  The  other guy, who has them was there, but if he would have been held, he would not have been able to contact the people holding the family.  Plus, all the stuff if for that man.  So if he goes down, I do not think the others would care.  Stupid show.
An average season if survivor. After seasons with all returning players it's hard to watch newbies thinking they have slick tricks.
This sentence summarizes the movie and also the actual mentality of most medical doctors. Everybody wants the Mercedes with the Hopkins plates. Usually is not the most competent person that gets it, but the most politically correct with a lot of friends. Hence, we still have cancer rates as high as 1950 and we don't have any cures/therapies for diseases that should have been eradicated by now. But we have a lots of poor individuals dying painfully from chemotherapy.There are two plots in this movie. In both of them Orlando Bloom performs pretty well as a crazy doctor (Martin Blake) in need of attention from his supervisors. In the first plot the doctor becomes fascinated with a patient and manipulates her drugs in order to keep her in the hospital. This plot failed in my eyes because is totally unrealistic for two reasons. First, the doc has way too much easy access to all the facilities in the hospital. This is totally unrealistic and poorly done. He can come and go freely in the pharmacy and the lab, switching pills and modifying the covers of Petri dishes. Second, if he loves her so much he must know that if she doesn't get her antibiotics she will die and he will lose her. But he is crazy, and maybe a psychopath? That may explain many things. This part of the plot is not very well developed.In the second plot Bloom is in constant need of attention from his supervisors who don't necessarily know more than him, but pretend pretty well, and are used to have patients die on them (...sometimes you have difficult cases; and you did everything by the book, etc...). This part of the plot is really well done and makes total sense in my eyes.The acting is quite remarkable. Orlando Bloom and Riley Keough are just fantastic. The nurse (Taraji P. Henson) and the detective (JK Simmons) are remarkable and add to the movie. JK Simmons reminded me of Columbo!Three stars because of the acting only. The stories are not well developed and the movie could have been a little bit longer.
There are few touching moments in this film.  But you have to wait to find them.  It's the waiting part that ruins the film.  What I remember most is that none of the characters had any redeeming qualities.  They were all weak, is some way or another.
Okay first, let me give a review that everyone gives 5 stars to.  This was great. The judges are funny and know their food.  Love the city and they changed things around.  that is it.  thank you and have a nice day.  You guys will give me a perfect review score now right?  i love these one liners that say nothing and get 5 stars.  This show is followed by those who are so bitter by the success of Gordon Ramsay who is on primetime, and carries an audience all over the world.  Top Chef?  Not even close in numbers, and for a reason. But for its channel and time slot, it does very well.  The last time i went into reasons why i liked it, I talked about the judges, the format, The obvious beautiful woman, and this season they have brought in more judges which means more personality, restored a career or two, and with the format changed once again I think it's great.  They brought back a few chefs that almost won in recent years, and they do a challenge against a real Top Chef.  It's fun all around. I like this show a lot. I am not in Love with it the way i am all of Gordon Ramsay's shows. However, I own all of Top Chef Seasons because i am a fan.  And they do seem to change things a little each season but not to much where you notice that the entire look is different.  i will leave it at that. It's good and fun to watch and a little different. That should be good enough for a 20 star review!!!!!  Right? lol Oh while im in here, one genius said all they do is fight on masterchef.  If anyone watches that show, and they do, you would know they compete, not argue.  In top chef, one person actually got thrown off the show for putting his hands on the other, and they all fight all the time. It gets a bit much actually.  Masterchef, they are nothig like that.  Also if Ramsay was not loved, lets look at the shows  he carries himself, Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares, Ramsay's Kitchen Nighmares(British Version), The F Word,  Masterchef, Hotel Hell,  Gordons Great Escape, Ramsay Behind bars, Ramsay's Best Restaurants (British) and one more i am missing. So i think, and i could be wrong, im sure some idiot will have something to say, but Ramsay still owns the this type of show and more. Most famous, and I think second place in the world for most Stars for his actual restaurants.  He still finds time to study in othe countries to learn about their food and apply it here in the states. I would not even compare the two but it seems everyone else wants to. And its a shame. I think we can judge each show as an individual.  They are both very good and a lot of fun.  oh, don't forget to give me a 0 star rating. This actually had thought and facts....sorry?
Though this show continues to have some of the best dialogue ever, I found several problems with Season 4.1. Patton Oswalt playing STUPID Constable Bob (or whatever his name was). He was so annoying, I started fast forwarding through his scenes.2. Why in the world did they create the character of Colton Rhodes? All he did was stand around doing nothing other than snorting drugs and acting like an idiot. He must be related to someone on the show who makes decisions. His whole story line was a waste of time.3. The Drew Thompson story went on WAY too long and the conclusion of it was silly.Any scene with Timothy Olyphant in it is great. He's a wonderful actor and has really embraced the Raylan character.
The story is simple. Well, apparently. A young journalist Andrew (Scoot McNairy) is sent to Central America to escort the wounded daughter of his employer, Samantha (Whitney Able) back to the United States. Their initial plans to get out of the country through a safer route are thwarted, however, and Andrew and Samantha have to go through the dangerous zone of northern Mexico, where the feared "monsters" or extraterrestrial creatures are barely contained.Obviously Gareth Edwards' "monster" movie is not exactly about the "monsters," or Godzilla-like "kaiju" creatures stomping cars and wrecking havoc in a big city. Creatures do appear, though briefly, and their effects and designs are pretty effective, but the film is mostly about the land and the people (including the protagonists) separated from United States. Sometimes "Monsters" looks like Cary Fukunaga's "Sin Nombre," a road movie about immigration, but with less interesting characters and a weaker storyline."Monsters" uses the existing landscapes cleverly, creating effectively the uneasy atmosphere of the war-torn lands, but the beautifully shot cinematography can hardly cover the fact that the main characters are terribly underwritten. Andrew and Samantha - the on-screen travelers with zero chemistry - everything about them including their back stories and dialogues is just boring.I don't pretend to know what the titular "monsters" refers to, and frankly, I don't care. What I know is that Gareth Edwards is clearly talented as director, but he needs a much better script.
I just couldn't get into this pilot at all.  The characters were not likeable and the story was very dull.  The humor is subtle to the point of non-existence, and I did not feel any connection to the characters at all.  It's a unique and clever premise, but I couldn't stand to watch this mundane sort of saga one minute more.
Kill List (Ben Wheatley, 2011)I have talked, over the years, a number of times about the importance of studios marketing their movies correctly, and how the mismarketing of a movie can lead to not one, but two related, major problems: the audience who should be seeing the movie not cottoning to its existence, and the audience who should not be seeing the movie (those it is being marketed to) sitting down with it, finding something entirely different than they were told they'd be getting, and absolutely hating it as a result. Between these two problems, the movie ends up becoming almost universally reviled, and then that first group, the ones who would probably get a great deal out of it, hear it sucks and never get there in the first place. I've used all my favorite whipping boys for this in recent reviews, so let me introduce you to an incredible Chicago filmmaker by the name of Ricardo Islas. Islas makes what I like to call aggressively-indie films. They have no discernible budget, use sets that are just as ridiculous as those you find in Ulli Lommel and Uwe B&ouml;ll movies (though given Islas' budget, they make a lot more sense here), star a bunch of people you've never heard of, and are consistently marketed as horror movies. In some cases, that kind of makes sense; when you title one of your movies The Zombie Farm, you gotta figure someone's going to pick up on the fact that the movie contains zombies and act accordingly. But kids who have been raised in the post-Romero era, and who have never seen White Zombie or any of the other movies that treat zombies in a more traditional way are going to look at The Zombie Farm and say "what the hell is this crap?". (The Zombie Farm, by the way, is a fantastic little thriller, and while it's not Islas' best work--when I started this paragraph I had intended to harp on the brilliance of my favorite movie of his, Lockout--but you gotta see it anyway.)NOTE: while the spoiler stop sign is below, this is one case where I will be actively encouraging you to read the spoilers in question, as I believe NOT knowing them will negatively affect your viewing of them film (there is more than enough spoiler-laden evidence of this on the IMDB boards to justify this decision).[for those of you not reading this at var.everta, imagine there's a big "SPOILER ALERT! stop sign here.]What does all of this have to do with Ben Wheatley?, you may be asking yourself. It has to do with Wheatley because Kill List, in everything I heard and read about the movie before I actually saw it, including all of the reviews I allowed myself to read, posited Kill List as Yet Another British Crime Thriller, but a cut above the usual malarkey. So I'm sitting down with this movie thinking I'm going to get another Ray Winstone movie (and wondering why Ray Winstone is, in fact, not in this film), and instead I get The Wicker Man. Except that it took me about thirty minutes of my sitting there saying "what the [censored for Amazon consumption] did I just watch?" to realize that I had, in fact, seen a movie that had far more in common with The Wicker Man and the not-quite-Hammer films of its early-seventies ilk than anything Guy Ritchie ever did. (And, as Captain Peacock was wont to say, "Thank Heaven for that.") But still, I did sit there for thirty minutes asking myself the question. And here's where the marketing bit comes in. I admit, I came quite late to The Wicker Man. I first saw it when I was in high school, though I can't give you a specific year; it was sometime in the mid-eighties. I loathed it, but I knew exactly what I was getting into thanks to the VHS box copy and everything I'd read about the film. I knew there was a supernatural element to it from the outset, and I was prepared for that. (I didn't form my current love of the film until the 104-minute cut was released in the late-nineties, which made much more sense out of the incomprehensible soup that was the initial American theatrical cut. And as I write this, it was just announced earlier this week that something I have been hoping would happen for over a decade has finally come to pass: the twenty-two minutes of footage from the original 126-minute cut, which me pal Ian Davey has been telling me forever was probably part of the M1, has been found, and there's a newly-remastered director's cut coming on DVD eventually. Oh, happy day.) And for all I know this entire paragraph is a spoiler, and you're not supposed to know about the supernatural element to this movie until it's sprung on you. If so, well, I'll put the spoiler stop sign up at the top of this paragraph when I publish it, but hey guys? That was a really, really bad idea, not letting the public know that this wasn't your basic Britcrime movie.It starts out that way. Jay (Atonement's Neil Maskell), an ex-army hit man, hasn't worked in eight months, and the money's run out. Something horrible happened on his last job, but other than us finding out something horrible happened on his last job, we never get any details. His wife Shel (The Descent's MyAnna Buring) is sick of him moping about the house and, in the kind of manipulative move that drives me bats, invites Jay's old partner Gal (Burke and Hare's Michael Smiley) and his new girlfriend Fiona (TV actress Emma Fryer in her first credited feature appearance) over for dinner so Gal can pitch a new job he's just picked up to Jay. Despite his misgivings, Jay is intrigued, so they go to meet the client (Chariots of Fire's Struan Rodger). Seems simple enough: three murders, no questions asked, for an unthinkable sum of money. The first one makes very little sense, but it's quick and easy. The second starts putting the pieces together, and Jay, once he figures out the connection between the three victims, starts off on his own tangent......absolutely none of which has to do with the horror element, really, though all of it does, in murky ways that I can't address without going deep into spoiler territory here. It's a decent movie, and I am certain I would have liked it better had I known what I was getting. The acting is, in general, quite good, though in a number of cases the actors are making the best they can out of mediocre material (did anyone buy the relationship between Jay and Shel? Really?), and the movie is excellently-paced once you figure out what Wheatley's doing, or what you think he's doing. Granted, it's not The Wicker Man (or A Serbian Film, to which it has also been compared many times), but it does what it does and does so relatively well much of the time. But you're probably better off knowing what you're getting into. ** 
There's nothing at stake for any of the contestants, as they're all established professional chefs.  Because of that, the show is mega-boring.  With no real notoriety at stake, there's absolutely nothing to care about.  Avoid this show like the plague unless you need a cure for insomnia.
The ebb and flow of power, powers many a tv series. If not all. Throw in a little love and you have the plotlines for every story since Shakespeare.  Nashville is no exception. While the show burbles along at a merry pace, the hints as to where it may be going are never very far off. There is the country queen, whose grip on her audience is starting to slip, the brash upstart whose morals are of questionable value, the Power Figure, who seeks to Rule All in the shadows, but cannot, since Love and Family are never very far away. All in all, not a bad stew, but as for sudden surprises, unforeseeable characters, stunning twists... maybe they're yet to come, I haven't seen them yet.
Three former high school friends Regan (Kirsten Dunst), Gena (Lizzy Caplan) and Katie (Isla Fisher) are shocked when they learn that another high school friend of theirs Becky (Rebel Wilson) is getting married. On the day before her wedding, the three girls rip the wedding dress and have to fix it. (But why do they have to fix it? If they are really mean and self-centered, as the film shows, why not hide it and pretend they don't know anything about it?)That the main characters of "Bachelorette" are all mean-spirited and selfish didn't bother me. I enjoyed watching "Carnage" and to a lesser degree "Young Adult." In making comedies and dramas, you don't have to make your characters sweet or likable as long as they are interesting or funny, and more importantly, believable, to sustain the film's running time. That does not happen in "Bachelorette."The characters are honest to the point of being totally nasty. That is fine, as being nasty is not mutually exclusive to being funny or even attractive. The problem is the story is not only unconvincing, but is uninteresting. Characters are not fleshed out. Drug/sex-related jokes are clich&eacute;d. There is some smart dialogue, and the talented cast gives their all, but sometimes it seems writer/director Leslye Headland just doesn't know what she wants them to do.While watching the uneven mid-part of the film, I expected these girls to raise much more hell. That didn't happen. Jokes and crude remarks, themselves alarmingly real, may work as a sketch, but a feature movie needs more than that.
I only watched two episode of this series.  It isn't a story type of show but just a lot of scattered things happening.  Someone may enjoy the shows but I would personally not recommend it to anyone.
Not appropriate to watch. Guess I am naive but this should be rated 'R' for graphic scenes and language. Can't believe parents would say these kinds of things to their children. I do not recommend this to anyone.
I would really, really, like to know why! Why are these type of shows, i.e., end of the world, almost end of the world, alien invasion, mysterious unexplained power loss, the devil and his minions land on earth, type of shows, are so poorly written.  The end of civilization is upon us, but it takes, what several episodes, for the main characters to get their heads screwed on straight.  Please, this is an outrage. One would think, objectively that, at least the cop, would be clear headed enough to realize that  "it" has hit the fan and security, like closing and securing the metal gate behind them would be important. Why not?  What, because all people are basically good?  Really! No thoughts on how to counter brute force when necessary, and yes, in this situation it would be instantly necessary to counter brute force.  The takers are everywhere and need only a small opportunity to revert to type.  No thoughts on security-totally lame, no organizing; assessing and gathering food, water, weapons, ammunition, proper  clothing, shoes, you know the basics, in an end of the world scenario would be first priority in this situation.  The only characters with credibility are the old woman and the black man.  I can only hope, probably without good reason, based on what I have seen so far in this pilot, that this show, if any more are filmed, will be any better written.  Try again, next time with a believable storyline, please.djh
It's always risky to name your movie something like "It's a Disaster."  Naturally, it gives film critics -- and wannabe film critics -- some pretty hefty ammunition.  And the film better be really good; otherwise that ammunition might just blow up in the film's face at review time.This doesn't quite happen with this film, but not for lack of trying.  I haven't looked at who directed or wrote this film yet, but evidently, one or both of them are probably fans of Woody Allen.  The dialog in Mr. Allen's films usually work, even though that dialog isn't always exactly realistic, and the dialog here isn't really completely realistic either.  After all, if you thought that the world might be ending, would you be standing around cracking jokes and making dessert?  I wouldn't.  I'd be finding the bottled water in the basement and the guns upstairs, and in a hurry.But there are a few funny lines here, my favorite coming from Julia Stiles and a gal who is late, once again, to the standard Sunday brunch.  The other gal is therefore not allowed to come into the house where it is safe, as Ms. Stiles leaves the door "barricaded" with duct tape.  The dialog starts out something like the following:  Ms. Stiles:  "Well, maybe this will teach you a lesson from now on to show up on time.  You're always late to Sunday brunch."  Latecomer:  "Is that what this is all about?" etc. etc.  I got a good chuckle out of that sequence, and most likely, you will you when you listen to the rest of it.  Heck, Woody Allen might even think it's funny.While this film has it's moments, it feels a little "off" to me at the same time.  Perhaps if I were a 20-something this film would have worked better for me, as then I probably wouldn't have watched almost every Woody Allen film ever made, as I have by now, and I wouldn't understand how good well-written dialog can be.  But I think that this film would have worked probably better as a play.  After all, it takes place in a very confined space in a very confined period of time with a very confined handful of friends.  And it's mostly dialog-driven, which would lend itself more to the stage then screen.Still, it's probably worth a peek, but only a peek.  Because, while it's surely not a total disaster, it isn't very earth shattering either.
I finally stopped watching about halfway through the fifth episode because the music was so annoying. A little of it would have been okay but it was behind almost everything.
Watched to see what was new or in the glimmer of new.  It just wasn't developed enough.  Could be though, it would have to be worked on.  A Lot.  Couldn't tell you to watch it now, but lets see what comes of it.
Filter through the shows that MAY interest you, and then, if there is nothing else, watch this. Fort Knox Episode is done well.
I love the host of this show but when you've seen one, you've seen them all. Again, it's good if you just need some background noise to whatever you're doing.
This is an ad for the upcoming season. As an ad it does not really work for me since I see nothing new in the up coming season to make me want to pay for the next few episodes. I like the Dr but I am going to wait 6 months for it to show on Netflix. Also, charging me 99cents for three minutes has made me an angry viewer. Only for the new Canadian Primeval would I pay that......rip off!
Different type of a way to introduce the subject at hand. Because of this I stayed to watch this episode but after got tired of the host being too intrusive that he started being the target of interest instead of the main subject.One episode was all I could take. The subject matter though was very interesting.Video quality awesome  Thanks Amazon!
Somewhat like &#34;Three Days of the Condor.&#34;  There is a group of well-educated, smart people who make farfetched connections among events and crossword puzzles. Unfortunately, there is no closure at the end since they apparently expected a second season, which did not happen.
In what appears to make an attempt to be 'Lost 2014' this show is somewhat of a let down.  First off, folks so easily accepted that there were suddenly thrust into &#34;the end of all things&#34; yet the still clamored over cash money, electronic devices with no way to power them and silly conversation.What a disaster of a pilot from Chris Carter, the mastermind behind X-files.
Christian (James Deen) is a movie maker with a tru$t fund, a live-in girlfriend Tara (Lindsay Lohan) and a bad attitude.  Tara gets her old boyfriend Ryan cast in the movie and Christian begins to wonder if Tara knew Ryan before she met Christian.  For entertainment Christian and Tara have random people over for encounters.  Lindsay shows some bosom and does a little bit of girl-girl in this sad character study with much swearing, violence, and blood. Some guy-guy as well. Maybe the movie business is not all that fun after all.
A musical TV series?  OK, at least it's not &#34;World's Most Boring Job that We try to make Interesting by Featuring an Obnoxious Prick to Yell at the other People&#34;, or a forensic crime show, but still doesn't quite make it.Maybe I'm not the target audience, but I only made it to about 15 seconds into the 2nd song before I went into diabetic shock.
Samaritan(released Mar/12),otherwise known as Fury,stars Samuel L. Jackson as Foley,Gil Bellows as Bartender Bill,Tom Wilkinson as Xavier,Luke Kirby as Ethan and others.Filmed in and around Toronto,this drama of a grift/con gone wrong,with a twist,is nothing we have not seen over and over again,and nothing in its make up suggests it to stand head and shoulders above the rest.The story involves an ex grifter,Jackson,who gets out of prison after 25 years.He went away for having been forced to kill his partner in crime.Now Kirby,his ex partner's son,is back and is dogging Jackson and wants an explanation as to why Jackson killed his dad.He gets a pretty grim story.The son is running a club,ultimately owned by Wilkinson,who comes around every so often to check out his property.Thrown into this mix is a young lady who Kirby gets to cozy up with Jackson.He spurns her advances but the next night she comes into a bar with a john,and he forces himself on her in the bathroom.He breaks up the situation and the young lady,after that night,keeps asking after Jackson repeatedly until one night she finds him.They end up a little drunk and back at her place.The two eventually end up sleeping together,with Jackson moving in.Things are starting to get a little too comfortable for Jackson who,with a suspicious eye,asks the girl if Kirby sent him.She admits at first he did but after it was her choice,as she developed real feelings for him.One day Kirby comes sniffing around yet again with an idea for a con.When Jackson refuses Kirby tells him that his girlfriend is really his daughter.Jackson is totally gobsmacked and gets physically sick.Jackson goes to a close friend of the woman he had the child with and who brought up his daughter and she confirms his suspicions.The next time though he meets Kirby,Kirby has a deal he cannot refuse or otherwise his daughter will find out the truth.Jackson is forced to go along with a grift to con Kirby's boss.Kirby enlists the aide of a lady who is totally familiar with the con game,but she ends up hanging herself at Kirby's apartment to get out from under Kirby's debt and the huge risk involved.Jackson walks out only to have Kirby show up at the bar he is in and he hands Jackson his phone.On the other end is his daughter pleading for his help.She is pretending to Wilkinson that she is Jacskon's daughter and she is in debt for $1.5 million.The con has started without him.Jackson may be enraged but he now must go along to save his daughter.Jackson appears at an abandoned house and the con begins.Just as things are rolling along Jackson daughter spills the beans and admits the whole thing is a con to Wilkinson,much to Jackson and Kirby's amazement.The girl also tells Jackson that she already knows she is his daughter.When the dust all clears Kirby and Wilkinson are dead and Jackson is severely wounded and his daughter near death.Jackson rushes her to a prison friend who knows a little bit of doctoring skills.He is forced to give his daughter a blood transfusion,which unfortunately ends up killing him.The film ends as his daughter,with a renewed life,and the money earned from the con gone bad,is walking on a tropical beach.The story certainly has its twists and turns and the cast,especially Jackson,are on game throughout.The picture is ably directed and edited but there is just nothing here out of the ordinary to speak of to set it apart from a myriad of other such films from the past,recent and older.Technically speaking the film is clear and crisp in its w/s a/r of 2:35:1.Extras include interviews and a featurette.All in all a pedestrian film of grifting and its consequences.An average film with an average mark.
Ok, it's neat.  But hey where do you go from there?  How about a tunnel?  A tunnel under the dome?  Isn't any show  original anymore?  I guess not, is this from a book?  Or is it from the Simpsons movie?  I bailed at the fire.  The guy gets stuck in the house and 20 minutes later is still yelling for help.  The policewoman can reach him easily so he could have left any time.  The fire doesn't really spread the way it would in real life.  And then what to do when a house is on fire to keep it from spreading?  Knock it down of course letting the air get to it better and sending embers everywhere.  Enough for me.  If they had only had Bart and Homer riding up the dome wall on a motorcycle, I might have been able to hang in there.
If you've made it this far in HIMYM, you're going to want to finish out the series.  Season 9 is worth watching through if only for completeness sake, but it doesn't stack up against the other 9 season of the show.The basic setup has been altered significantly.  For one thing, season 9 features an all new setting/backdrop.  In addition, the characters are very rarely shown all together, instead ending up in groups of just 2 or 3 for most episodes.  The result is that the basic formula that made How I Met Your Mother such a hit has fundamentally changed for this season.There are, of course, some moments of greatness.  Certain episodes rank among the best of the series, but overall this season is a disappointment.  I recommend watching through if you're a die-hard fan of the series, but it might be worth catching re-runs on TV rather than buying the set.
"Java Heat" re-uses or recycles the conventions of Hollywood buddy-buddy cop movies of the 80s, that "Hot Fuzz" effectively parodied, but director Conor Allyn takes them very seriously. Kellan Lutz, best known for his role as Emmett Cullen in "The Twilight Saga" franchise, plays an American named Jake, who is interrogated by a no-nonsense Indonesian police detective Lieutenant Hashim (Ario Bayu) about a terrorist bomb attack that killed Princess Diana.Of course, Jake is not what he says he is. Like Arnold Schwarzenegger and James Belushi in Walter-Hill-directed "Red Heat," our two heroes team up rather reluctantly at first, but in the course of hunting down the villain and occasional bickering, they come to understand each other.The scenery-chewing Mickey Rourke in white jacket plays the villain named Malik. He is sort of a criminal mastermind living in a gorgeous mansion, whose motive for criminal behavior is not very convincing.Some action film fans may not enjoy the film, of which strength lies in the two main characters. There are a few decent action set-pieces, but the director seems more interested in showing the relationships between Jake and Lieutenant Hashim, and the beautiful sceneries of Java.That works to some extent, but the film is undermined by the story that goes nowhere. "Java Heat" is a reasonably entertaining B action, but I would urge you not to expect too much from that.
This plot feels like a repeat of Lost with the mysterious series of events and questions that remain unanswered. The pilot didn't captivate me. The French accent of the lead actress started to wear on me. The characters did stupid things to bridge to the next mysterious event. Its OK, but I don't think I would follow it as part of my viewing line-up.
This is an ok series but it is missing something. It definitely does not have the same feel as the movie as far as story and direction. I think if it does not change I am afraid it will not make it past this season.
Not bad for a low budget film. I found myself getting mad at the weakling for being such a wimp. Guess that is why I would give it 3 stars. This movie could have had more action and close calls. Don't expect "The Walking Dead" type action.
I suppose if one falls into the very limited age group targeted by such &#34;entertainment&#34; then it might be considered humorous.  I expect the age group ranges from mature 7 year olds to immature 12 year olds.  Fart detection is a single use comedy ploy, not one to base a series upon.
(Warning, this review contains some spoilers)I thought the first would help the producers realize their mistakes and improve on them. Fat chance.The initial shot has people raving about Grave Encounters and going loco about how good or bad it was and how some were convinced it really was real. One such raving fan goes to an alcohol-steeped party and (eventually) reveals that he's a @#%^#@$ visionary. My thought on that was "Sure you're a visionary. I don't get your vision, though."His plan is to provide evidence that Grave Encounters was the true deal. Problem is... his obsession with the "proof" leads to problems with his girlfriend, friends, and, really, his whole life situation it seems. Between his own filmmaking (you're given snippets of his film, which is nothing but predictable shot after predictable shot) and finding what he needs, he's really letting himself loose on his psychosis.Just like in the first film, this goes to show you NEED to know how to make your ghost effects realistic. There was one singular shot where a creepy ghost did send chills down my spine. Then the ghost moved. End of the fear and the beginning of my eyes rolling.If there's anything I can say this movie did that did get my interest, it was the use of multiple types of cameras (iPhone, professional camera, B/W silent-era camera, etc.) to tell the story from different types of angles and get a sense of realism.The other was the return of a certain character from the first movie. Out of all the actors in this movie, his was hands-down the most believable. Pure craziness, from the shocking reveal to his last moment.Unfortunately, afterwards, it's all hedonism at its most horrorific. And it quickly got as disinteresting, bland, 1-dimensional, lackluster boring as it had been. Even when a cleaning lady is passing by the ghost hunting team, I'm quite certain the team didn't notice the look she gave them, which tipped off that something was going to happen. Before the elevator doors opened, I (unfortunately again) could predict what would happen. It defied physics, but it couldn't defy predictability? When will filmmakers today learn?Overall, despite the nice maneuver of using multiple cameras to some advantage and one character being believably looney, I only give this 1/5.
I totally enjoyed this series, although, I missed a good 25% of the lines because Amazon provides no subtitles.  I miss alot of films that Amazon streaming has to offer because subtitles are rarely offered.
If &#34;Witching & Bitching&#34; was anything like Alex de la Iglesia's last film &#34;The Last Circus,&#34; then its audience would be in store for surreal visuals, an incredible score, and most importantly two hours of unpredictability. Unfortunately, &#34;Witching & Bitching&#34; decides to be much more absurd rather than an intriguing tragedy of horror.The lighting is visually striking as soon as the film begins as Eva (Carolina Bang) rides her motorcycle through a forest during the day. The sun's light leaks through the holes in the branches of trees to create this optically pleasing opening scene. The colors and costumes during the heist sequence are also incredibly vibrant, but it's disappointing that the gore you see here is all you get in the entire film.Jose's ex-wife Silvia (Macarena Gomez) overreacts to an extent that is mind boggling and completely frustrating. Not only is she the worst nurse in existence, but she outruns a couple of cops solely because she realizes her son is part of her husband's heist. Hellacious women and complaining about them in length are the bread and butter of the film, which leads one to believe that Mr. Iglesia has likely had it rough with the opposite sex over the years.The horror-comedy is somewhat compelling at first with a shootout that sees someone dressed as Spongebob shot until their last breath and a car chase in a taxi culminating with one of its passengers being tied up and thrown in the trunk. Around the time Jose and Antonio start drooling over and competing over Eva's affection is where things go downhill. Witches begin crawling on ceilings, male characters make out with each other, and a giant, blind, obese woman with breasts that sag so low that it's a safety hazard for everyone within a three-mile distance stomps into the picture only to begin eating people.&#34;Witching & Bitching&#34; is an overly bizarre film that does fit Alex de la Iglesia's repertoire, but at the same time pushes the boundaries of fun and outrageous which results in a ludicrous atmosphere. &#34;Witching & Bitching&#34; is essentially &#34;The Wicker Man&#34; if Sam Raimi got a hold of the rights and directed it.
Good concept but the build up was drug out. I found myself falling asleep a few times. The acting was good but te &#34;live footage&#34; made me feel dizzy and sick. It was hard to stay in suspense with the shacking vibe.
Since the adult characters in this series seem presented as immature teens, the rating can't be any higher.  Costuming is ok, just wish the jewelry didn't seem like it came from Clair's at the local mall.
Don't waste your time! I thought this would be good, unfortunately it was not! I can't even say it was worth my time to watch it, the story was lame and the acting wasn't any better. :-(
This is a cute series, and I did watch two episodes, and enjoyed both of them.BUT I had to ask myself, if I had watched these two episodes on regular TV, would I have watched a third episode a week later? I had to honestly answer that I might watch it, but if something better was on, I wouldn't &#34;need&#34; to watch it.If you enjoy comedies, you might love this series more than me, and I might return to try it again in a few months or years. Sometimes, I return to a book at a later date and love it more, and the same could happen here.
Like anything else in life, once you watch something many times it tends to wear off the novelty. Seems that as of late sharks are everywhere: in the news causing havoc, in television reality shows, etc. I got tired of watching the whole thing, but the picture quality was there, and it looked good in HD. 3.5 Stars.
Silly show, might like it if I were 14 years old. Regular television is boring, cable shows are violent and sick.
i never seen this before ordering it and i watched it when i recieved it and it wasnt all that,i wouldnt recommend it at all.its not good
There is so much to say about this television show and I'm not sure I can cover it all, none of which is good. The only good thing about the show is that they managed to cast Kevin Bacon in it and he is usually a guaranteed sign of quality. I take that back, there is something else that is good about the show; the premise of it. The first two episodes of "The Following" are promising in the sheer sense that the show COULD have great promise. A serial killer. A back story. A detective with a history and a relationship with the serial killer's wife. A serial killer who can commit crimes from prison due to a cult following of psychos. All of these great ideas are squandered.The reasons why these ideas are squandered is, in my opinion, for one simple reason: "The Following" is trying to be "24". In an effort to be relentless, non-stop, intense action and thrills, "The Following" throws an event at you every five minutes. Therefore, instead of being intelligently fleshed out, it is hastily fleshed out. Every five minutes the show opens itself up for continuous ridicule for stupid teenage criminals, stupid FBI agents who should have known better, criminals who aren't tracked or followed, or just plain illogical assumption story archs. Instead of the creators doing some research and giving us a reason to think that Joe Carroll (the serial killer) is brilliant, we are left to just assume so.Instead of being intelligently thought out, the show relies upon gimmicks; murderers who don't murder but talk, murderers who have no reason to leave someone alive but do because that person isn't supposed to die yet, victims explaining why the murderer didn't kill them, "He said he didn't kill me because a live hostage would slow you down more than a dead one."  Oh, he did huh? Well that was nice of him.... thanks for the info. A detective held by three teenage murderers whittling through his ropes with a hidden knife and they don't see it despite all of them standing ten feet away. Then you have a serial killer who just calls the detective pretty much every episode and has a nice chat and tells him how screwed he is.Mainly though, the "24"ish format to the show asks the creators to explain escapes and FBI blunders every five minutes and after about 10 of those, or two episodes, the gimmick is over. Then when it continues, the show becomes eye-roll boring and has absolutely zero tension. The tension has no intelligence to it. There is zero tact to the show. Where a show like "CSI" would take the time to explain some of the reasoning or how things happened or worked, "The Following" doesn't have time for that, and when it does, the explanation is ridiculous.Nobody should be giving this show 5-stars in my opinion. NOBODY. This is not a great show. Nowhere close. Is it a terrible show, like my 1-star suggests? I think so. Maybe that is too harsh. Yet when I see a show that has so much promise and lucky people are making MILLIONS OF DOLLARS to entertain us and they give us something that absolutely ANYBODY with basic writing skills could write, you can't be too harsh. When the writers and directors have zero TACT or make no attempt to be intelligent in their tact, but just give you every horror/thriller cliche in the book and expect you to drool and return every week.  No thanks. 1-star baby. That's what you get for your lack of effort.
I have read extensively about the Kennedys and there was no new information in this series. It only consisted of the general info that is available anywhere. The acting was a bit stale. I am a big Greg Kinear fan, but he wasn't impressive either, so all in all, I couldn't recommend this series to anyone. And, Katie Holmes was very forgettable as Jackie Kennedy. So, disappointing all the way around. Don't waste your time.
It's a bad knockoff of Phineas and Ferb, only without any of the positives.I just don't need that much snark in my *children's* lives. They'll be jaded soon enough.The animation is *great*. The *idea* isn't terrible. But the actual story just hurt to watch.
First, I liked the premise of a little black girl and boy brother sister team solving problems.  I view shows before my children.  It seems the show was written by someone who does not know children.  I was offended that you would have the gall to have two black children solving a math problem and have it end on a watermelon floor.  You cant have a show without a male that is doing something positive.  Really???!!! a young black male child named sam on a watermelon floor.  Just say sambo and get it over.  sam could not speak up for him self, he lost his rabbit, he never acomplished pushing a button and his sister solved the problem.  you also have the white male bully.  Nice premise. racist delivery.Pilot [HD]
The first season had an intriguing plot line. Now it just seems silly. Poor acting doesn't make it any better. Big Jim is just a bully, and the others kinda go along.
Not humorous. Not realistic. Hard to follow
It's amazing to see how many people recommended this movie and give it a five star vote. Maybe it's because I went into it after reading reviewers comments and they hyped the movie up more then it was, but I went in expecting something mind blowing, and all I found was disappointment in what I would hardly call anything more then a science fiction movie re-inventing what you think about Trolls. It's definitely not a horror movie, nor a thriller.. it's not scary, unless you are a complete wuss that is afraid of your own shadow, and the re-invention of Trolls as large monsters that the Norwegian Government don't want people to know about is just plain silly.::Plot::3 College kids are out and about looking for something to film, as they haven't got much else better to do. They find a town where there is a dead bear that has supposedly been shot, but some of the people they interview beleive it was not shot, as no one has laid claim to the kill, and tracks around the bear look suspicious. The trio end up following a man who they think may be a suspect to the bear shooting. They follow him into the woods and end up running away from a strange sound caused by something big that is chasing them. They team up with the man who they where following, who just happens to be the #1 and only Troll hunter in Norway who explains to them that he doesn't mind them filming what he does, as long as they do exactly what he says. He also explains that the government know about the trolls and that he is paid to hunt them down if they go outside their territories nearer to human populated areas. He also explains that he doesn't care if they film this secret, because the government pays him very little, which I found hard to swallow, but OK. The Norway leaders only need one guy to hunt these things... sure. Okie Dokey then. Anyway...The 4 of them go on a hunt of trolls, learn how trolls are tracked, their species, and how to get a blood sample of one for a veterinarian.::End Plot::With everyone saying this is a must see movie, and how scary it is, It makes me wonder what other movies those people have been exposed to so far? Because this movie, it's not all as great as it's being hyped up to be. It's kind of like Blair Witch style but they are on the hunt of large mammals that either explode or turn to stone when they are exposed to ultraviolet UV rays.Sure they CGI is not bad, but that does not make a movie brilliant. I was drifting in and out of consciousness by the end of the movie. I dunno, maybe I prefer my scary movies to make sense or have a more interesting plot going on, but I didn't find this movie as gripping or compelling as some others have been saying it is. I'm not saying don't see it, I know people have different tastes, and although this didn't appeal to me, I'm sure other will. Like many of my reviews, it's more here as a reminder to myself why I didn't enjoy it all that much.
I loved &#34;Heroes&#34; so I thought &#34;Touch&#34; would continue this writer's success.  However, while it does have some attractive carryovers from Heroes -- most notably realistic-seeming foreign locales and (subtitled) dialogue, it verges on self-parody right out of the gate.  The excellent Kiefer Sutherland has to work really hard with a woefully underwritten part and can't get the character to be believable.  Too many scenes of his following his autistic kid and yelling: &#34;Jake, Jake, don't go there!  Jake. Jakle, come back!  Jake, Jake, be careful!&#34; led me to stop watching after the third episode.
Wow...how utterly dumb and annoying. It seems no one can write a good, smart comedy anymore. Too bad. I like the lead actress (was great in Justified), but she's not doing herself any favors in this dud. Bad writing, not in the least believable subject matter...don't waste your time.
Despite being a loyal fan of "The Office" for many years, the show hit such a rock bottom after the horrific eighth season that I actually considered dropping out entirely.  Luckily, the show producers (and NBC) must have realized the same thing, as the decision to label this the "Final Season" did wonders in terms of all-around quality.There are three main reasons why this final season made "The Office" watchable again (minor spoilers)...1. The departure of Andy Bernard for the first portion of the season.  The show had pretty much completely wrecked that character during that eighth season, so (despite all that the "Nard Dog" had brought to the show in previous seasons) his absence was needed just to get away from his terrible character for awhile.2. With Andy out of the picture, the focus shifted again to where it should have been all along...the incredible ensemble cast.  Whereas the eighth season focused WAAAAYYY too much on guest stars and gimmicks, this season gets back to the tried-and-true formula of just letting the characters play out and watching the hijinx ensue.3. In the past, as evidenced by the Wedding & Baby episodes for instance, whenever the writers of this show have desperately needed a really good string of episodes, they have always come through.  This was again true down the "stretch run" of this season, as the final slew of episodes are truly magical once again with the writers being able to "pull out all the stops".  The finale could easily be considered one of the best episodes of the entire show for its equal parts drama & comedy (what the show always needed to succeed in the first place).Now, don't get me wrong...this is not the best season of "The Office" by any stretch of the imagination.  Without Michael Scott, this show was just never going to be the same again.  However, it was nice that the finale season was able to pull itself up just enough to make me look forward to watching it each week instead of dreading it.Thus, the Ninth (and final) Season of "The Office" was able to do just enough to justify the "goes out on a good note" tag.  Seeing as how this was on the heels of bottoming out the previous year, it is a testament to all the show creators/writers/actors who truly cared enough to make the ending of this great show special.
I watched the entire film and thought it was slow moving. A lot of time was spent on what I felt were sections that could have been cut down a great deal. My wife got bored and went to bed without finishing it.
This is yet another film with lots of style but a modicum of substance.  It seems that the idea of large ensemble films with several independent plots somehow intersecting at the conclusion is in high gear these days.  Director Fernando Meirelles (City of God) gathers an international cast including Anthony Hopkins, Rachel Weisz, Jude Law, Ben Foster and others to play characters with personal issues, mostly about paired relationships.Michael (Law) hesitantly arranges for a prostitute while on a business trip in Vienna.  His marriage is souring.  His wife (Weisz) is already having an affair with a younger man.  His relationship with his girlfriend ends and she travels home to Brazil with stops in Denver because of a snow storm.  There she meets an older man (Hopkins) looking for his daughter who is about the same age.  She also meets an ex-con (Foster) who is a sex offender.  She decides to shack up with him for the night.I could go on and on but you get the idea.  It would seem the idea here is to keep the audience entertained by showing off some acting excellence. There is one great scene with Hopkins attending an AA meeting that fits the bill.  But we don't get much depth with any of the characters so we don't care much about anyone.  The film really doesn't have much to say.  It's not like everyone's issues are resolved.I'm not sure I understand the title because we don't really end up in the place we started.  To the filmmaker's credit the movie looks good.  With scenes in Vienna, Bratislava, Slovakia, London, Paris and Minneapolis subbing for Denver, the exteriors are nicely presented.  This is certainly not the best film of this style, but not the worst either.
I could not even get through the first 15 minutes of the first episode.  Would you hang out sober in a bar for yuks? Ask any bar tender...
I really enjoyed this show in seasons 1-3  but this one is not as good and the same story line in every site about this guy William is getting old.  William is not a nice person and he needs to be gone.
If your child loves music and comedy then they will love this tv series, it is a great addition to the collection.
I'll admit I watch this every week, but mostly because I'm escaping summer reruns and mindless reality shows. (I don't have cable.) I love early Stephen King, but he can produce plots that are caricatures of his old plots, and Under the Dome doesn't stray much from tired, old formulas. The characters are predictable and there are very few surprises. But I watch it every week. I'm not certain if that says more about me than the series. But I wouldn't be disappointed if the second season never happened.
The first two seasons were so great, there had to be a "letdown" season. Don't get me wrong, season 3 is good, just not compared to sea.1 & 2.  The first 2 seasons were just OUTSTANDING science fiction at its best.  Still worth owning in your dvd library.
I'm still enjoying this fantasy cop show.  The characters are well-written, well-acted and I'm rooting for all of them.  However, somewhere we left planet earth.  I know Portland is eclectic but is everyone vessen?  Oh well, still very entertaining.
It's okay nothing special. I am not really a fan of this show, to be honest I mainly ordered this episode to watch the end of the two part Hawaii five O  cross over. It was imo the weaker half. I wanted to like it - I really did. I like LL Cool J I enjoy most of his acting work. (I give him mad love for Toys) but this show is boring and the character just don't have the charisma that the original series has.
24 Episodes on 3 DiscsIn Season 4 of "How I Met Your Mother," Ted played by Josh Radnor continues an inadvisable relationship with Stella played by Sarah Chalke. We all know she isn't the mother because the show is already in its sixth season by now without her! Just like with Robin before her, the audience is playing the waiting game for it to end. Ted faces a difficult year between problems with Stella, unemployment, Marshall and Lily moving into their own place, and as always confusing signals between himself and Robin.Marshall played by Jason Segel and Lily played by Alyson Hannigan begin to move on and become full adults and have issues with their new apartment and contemplate parenthood for the first time. Robin played by Cobie Smulders has difficulties with losing her job, almost getting deported, and exploring a friends with benefits relationship. Barney played by Neil Patrick Harris continues to be AWESOME but after realizing the extent of his feelings for Robin at the end of Season 3, he spends this entire season pining away for her and manipulate her relationships while staying quiet about his intentions. While it is fun to see Barney reveal a soft spot, the audience doesn't enjoy seeing him so vulnerable that it effects his game with the other ladies.Bonus Features:The most disappointing part of the bonus features on this one is that this season has the least amount of episodes with commentary (four) and three of them are with show creators and/or writers and only one episode, "The Naked Man" has actor commentary...and it is with Josh Radnor who you all know by now plays my least favorite character. However, it did confirm that Alyson Hannigan and Cobie Smulders were pregnant during the season which I totally suspected since they kept wearing REALLY loose clothing and holding things like popcorn buckets in front of their stomachs.Other features include the "Barney Stinson: That Guy's Awesome" music video with all the power words falling from the sky and exploding, but does not include Barney interviewing himself with a British accent. There is also a Season 3 recap, another gag reel of silly moments, and lastly, there is an Academy of Television Arts and Sciences Panel discussion called "A Night With Your Mother" featuring the show creators and main cast members that is less than 20 minutes. They discuss how Barney and Robin's relationship came about as an emergency tactic after the writer's strike. There is also a hilarious highlight where Neil Patrick Harris leaves to go to the bathroom with is microphone still on and everyone is laughing to the point of tears.
From the strange to the sublime, few filmmakers have fascinated me more than David Cronenberg. The Canadian auteur has made some of my all time favorites, and his distinctive sense of macabre humor and his skewed world view is in evidence even in his most mainstream work. With a string of great films that included Scanners, Videodrome, The Dead Zone, The Fly and Dead Ringers, he earned a nickname (a personal favorite) as the King of Venereal Horror. But not to limit himself to genre work, he also scored accolades for his interpretation of Naked Lunch, A History of Violence, and Eastern Promises. I love Cronenberg in case you couldn't tell! So I was definitely intrigued when I heard his son Brandon was making his directorial debut with "Antiviral." The strangely compelling and oftentimes disturbing "Antiviral" is eerily reminiscent in both themes and tone of some of his father's earlier work. The apple doesn't seem to have fallen too far from the proverbial tree. While it's too still too soon to say, might we have the Prince of Venereal Horror?"Antiviral" is set in the not-too-distant future where celebrity idolization has taken on a creepy new dimension. In the antiseptic offices of a modern medical complex, ordinary citizens consult with sales people who can promise unprecedented access to their favorite stars. How? By injecting a disease into their system that originated inside the celebrity in question. My reference to venereal horror, in this case, has direct bearing on this movie! One of the most effective scenes has the technician lining up a shot of oral herpes on a patient where it would have been had it come directly from the lips of the donor starlet. This set-up, in my opinion, is fresh and totally original and I loved its decidedly satiric bent. Caleb Landry Jones plays the clinic employee who is gaming the system. He smuggles out newly acquired viruses by injecting himself and sells them to piracy groups. Things get complicated, however, when he takes the new disease of the clinic's most popular subject (Sarah Gadon). When her mysterious death is reported, Landry Jones just may find himself in irrevocable trouble.As "Antiviral" progresses, it unravels as an elaborately demented conspiracy theory. Different factions are fighting for supremacy in this brave new world and Landry Jones is caught in between. The movie itself is really hard to classify. Some of its macabre gruesomeness might lend it the feel of a horror movie, but it is more of a science fiction puzzler. As the plot becomes more convoluted, the movie loses some of its humor (I really enjoyed it as a celebrity obsessed satire). And in the end, I'm not sure I was fully satisfied with its resolutions. But one thing is certain, you've never seen anything quite like it. Landry Jones is terrific in the lead role and character actors Wendy Crewson and Malcolm McDowell score in smaller roles. "Antiviral" is not for everyone. With its methodical pacing, you've got to have patience. It may. in fact, be a love it or hate it proposition. While I thought the concept was genius, I didn't necessarily love the movie as a whole. But by being audacious and different, Brandon Cronenberg has caught my eye and is someone I'll look out for. KGHarris, 8/13
I was a little bit disappointed by the storyline. It felt too obvious throughout and also a bit precipitated as if they were in a hurry to end the plot. The moods and feelings of the main characters were quite strong and yet rarely and/or too quickly justified.
I couldn't relate to any of the characters in this comedy.  I just didn't like it.  I watched it all the way through but almost quit watching at one point.  The cast is very good.  The acting was fine.  I just don't relate to a bunch of self centered, neurotic, whiney, characters.
This episode, stay, is the worst in an at best mediocre series. It is so stupid that the actors seem on the verge of laughing when they say their lines.
This is not really a review persay, I love the show cracks me up reminds me of the 80s and 90s. The James Bondish feel is very nostalgic, as well as the pre-historically correct movement that brought our country to its knees.  However, I do have to say I am not pleased about the commercials they started throwing in. I "buy" these episodes, as such I do NOT appreciate commercials for other shows before and after the episode. This is the first series in the history of my video library (which is fairly extensive) in which they have added commercials to my videos.  Please consider this feedback and I hope that I am not alone in my voicing dissatisfaction.Thanks for listening whoever it concerns.
I so wanted this to be good. This was not crazy enough to be satire and well just stupid. I love to look at Mark Consuelos. John Goodman is a dear.But this was an insult to latinos and southern white men. the lowest common denominator would have been funnier . I want the 30 minutes back. The clip at the end deserved a chuckle but even Corbet could not make this show deserve a laugh out loud. It could be so much better sharper more intelligent but it just is not.  It is obvious in it's  attempts of humor stereotypical and well watch a jon stewart or even Glen Beck another time for some laughs not this farse. Sorry Garry Trudeau you did not hit the nail close to the head.
All one need look at is the prevalence of Oprah Winfrey evolving into her own network (OWN, indeed!) to realize that women&#8217;s issue matter in the burgeoning world of pop culture.  And I say that as a man!  Women have their own unique struggles, they have their own unique baggage, much of which gets passed down from generation to generation.  They cross that threshold from childhood to adulthood.  They bear children.  They send their boys and girls off to fight wars.  They experience their own hateful form of peer pressure from girl-to-girl that probably gives them nightmares on up in through menopause.Despite the fact that commercial advertising has told you that you&#8217;ve come a long way, baby, maybe we as a society haven&#8217;t gone far enough?  That&#8217;s some of what&#8217;s in the heart of SAVING GRACE B. JONES, a period piece tearjerker brought to you by living legend, Connie Stevens.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the type of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)For nearly 20 years, Grace (played by the incomparable Tatum O&#8217;Neal) has resided in the care of a state asylum for the insane.  Her brother, Landy (the reliable Michael Biehn), finally secures her release, and he&#8217;s bound and determined to bring her home to live with his wife, Bea (Penelope Ann Miller) and child.  However, secrets never die in Small Town America, and while the townfolks are more involved with stopping the mounting flood waters Grace won&#8217;t hold back her own dire emotions in this tale laced with jilted love and misplaced affection.The good?  I love seeing Michael Biehn in practically anything, and his turn as the small-town baker here is pretty solid.  (Granted, he&#8217;ll never quite look the part, but he does what he&#8217;s paid to do!)  Also, I could sit and watch Penelope Ann Miller read the label of a mayonnaise jar because I&#8217;m that interested in watching her work.  Lastly, there&#8217;s a great roundtable of young actresses in this that are clearly destined to have some very good careers.  Writer/director Connie Stevens has put together a winning ensemble around Tatum O&#8217;Neal that looks and sounds pretty spiffy.The bad?  Well, it just wasn&#8217;t all that interesting.  Maybe that says more about me as a viewer and a critic than it does the film, but, for all of the posturing, whining, and moaning in this Peyton Place kinda/sorta wannabe, I just didn&#8217;t feel all that motivated.  Inspired.  Or interested.Now, that may speak to Connie Stevens&#8217; weaknesses as a storyteller.  In a career that spanning nearly seven decades (you read that right), she&#8217;s best known as a luscious blonde with terrific comic timing.  FYI: this is only her second screenplay, and it&#8217;s based on a true story.  I tend to think that something was lost in the adaptation process that maybe a more learned, more experienced scriptwriter could&#8217;ve positively affected &#8211; namely, emotional journeys that resonate for all of the characters and not so few.  Of course, I&#8217;m not questioning the relevance of the subject matter, as even today societies around the world continue to struggle with how to confront mental illness.  By this film&#8217;s tragic conclusion, I thought I was losing my mind trying to keep it all together.As much as I wanted to enjoy GRACE, in the end I thought it was a bit of a narrative mess, not unlike Grace&#8217;s own fragile mind.  Not enough of it made perfect sense, but I couldn&#8217;t force myself to look away, even when I tried.  Exceptional performances across the board just weren&#8217;t enough to make this world come alive the way it should.SAVING GRACE B. JONES (2009) is produced by Shane Productions.  DVD distribution is being handled by Arc Entertainment.  As for the technical specifications?  This is one smartly shot period drama (1940&#8217;s/1950&#8217;s), and it works very well from start to finish though there was one sequence wherein it was blatantly obvious actor Scott Wilson&#8217;s dialogue was dubbed in post-production.  Lastly, I&#8217;d be remiss in my duties if I failed to point out that the film and actresses were highly decorated as part of the 2012 New York City International Film Festival, and the feature won &#8216;Best Dramatic Feature&#8217; at the 2011 Los Angeles Women&#8217;s International Film Festival.  Kudos to all involved.  Unfortunately, the disc offers no special features to speak of.INTERESTING but it&#8217;s honestly still HARD TO RECOMMEND.  At 116 minutes, SAVING GRACE B. JONES is just too darn long.  It&#8217;s clear to see why this is a favorite of critics &#8211; it indicts small-town America for something the entire world has difficulty with, and that&#8217;s recognizing not only how to deal with deep-rooted psychological problems but also how to deal with them &#8211; and critics love to see America brought to its knees.  At best, JONES is the kind of film that might be worthy of film club study; otherwise, it&#8217;s pretty easy to see why this one took so long to find a distributor to the masses at large.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at Arc Entertainment provided me with a DVD copy of SAVING GRACE B. JONES by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review; and their contribution to me in no way, shape, or form influenced my opinion of it.
The 1980 original is a classic and it still gives me chills when I see it.. Joe Spinell gave the character so much dimension and creepy insane authenticity. This new version is not only bad, it's boring and hard to believe Elijah's character being able to slash a piece of paper, let alone have the strength murder anyone.. He's as scary as a stack of pancakes... I mean, really, someone as weak and scrawny as Woods is going to murder a screaming woman in the middle of a parking lot, in the middle of a city with all those tall buildings around, and you're going to tell me NO ONE is going to see it?? Please... So all of this hype surrounding this remake and it just amounts to yet another clich&eacute; slasher mess trying to pretend to be a remake or indie art, when in fact, it could never stand on it's own two feet.. without Woods or the audacity to try and consider itself a remake... But to be fair, the first 3 minutes were good, but from then on, horrible..
good show  not great as it has the potential to be. i would recommend it, but i am sure there is better out there
The technoclogical aspects of this trip to Europa given our present level of expertise seems precise and accurate.  I would hope that the viewer has no expectations of how this adventure ends!  There is an unexpected ending!
The characters are cool and they have southern accents that are actually genuine.  Of course, the star of the show is just way over the top, but that's why I love him.  Good story line, episodes that are only 45 minutes in length make this a good fit for me.
Jay Chandrasekhar (Broken Lizard) as director did a typically great job on this solid comedy. Comedy stooped at times, and there were some worn concepts, but there were some insane bits that make me think good things could come. Hope it gets picked up.
Not a fan. A storyline line this needs comedy off the charts, and unfortunately The Rebels couldn't keep my interest.
First ten or fifteen minutes didn't hold my interest and so no reason to continue the agony, I shut it down.
I suppose it might help if you've read the books, which I also imagine to be slow and boring.Nothing about this show makes me want to watch another episode.  The actors are great, the dialogue is okay.I couldn't believe someone actually wrote the line for the Internal Affairs guy to point his finger at Bosch and pull the 'trigger'.This show is a zero.
After watching the end of Season 5 of Supernatural, I was excited to find another supernatural-type show--this time, set in a beautiful little town in Maine.That excitement only goes so far.  The female lead's only strength is her open-mindedness to the supernatural; her male co-stars bring unique characters that bring varying amounts of worth to the story; the writing is not as strong as one would hope for a show that's trying to get itself off the ground...and by the third episode, I shouldn't feel that the show is formulaic.Little glimpses into each character's past improve the show now and then, such as Audrey's association with a woman from the past (who may or may not be her brother), Nathan's inability to feel pain and his branding as a freak by some members of the town, and Duke's, well...Dukishness.If the writing improves, the characters are properly developed, and the story diverges from "he-didn't-realize-he-had-superpowers-and-is-hurting-people", this could be a winner.
I watched the last episode just to get the flavor of this series.  The decor was okay without too much compromising to fit our 21st century tastes, since actual imagery based on the 18th century has never been a strong drawing point for the public unless you're doing something by Mozart, but then that's not done for the &#34;public&#34; now is it?I'm not sure I'll sign on to the rest of the series though, because what I saw was way too predictable, the Snidely Whiplash Brit officer who is the Devil on Earth, and here all along I thought that ornery Brit officers only appeared in Mutiny on the Bounty flix.  Apparently not.  The rest of the cast wasn't too bad, but with just a few moments of too intense overacting by the main character, spy guy.
While the first two seasons were reasonably good ( the first one was exceptional and the seocnd so-so), here the series is clearly losing focus. After having saved the world and having fought Sylar, the "Heroes" are having some difficulties doing something new. The ides here obviously is to at times turn everything upside down by giving most characters a dark side, except Hiro. Unfortunately this does not work at all since the whole idea of the show was to show regular characters being heroic; and since they very often only have superpowers that they do not put to any great use, the fact that they develop a darker side does also not help at all. The acting is good and the episodes can be at times very entertaining but overall the series is really losing steam here. In order to renew it they even shortly thry to humanize Sylar. Also a major problem is these series were characters die and come back all the time. While it is supposed to be unrealistic this premise does not help at all to focus or give a clear line since anything can happen but in the wrong sense.
Not worthy of Trudeau. Not his medium, apparently. Worse than juvenile, but that's the best I could say about it. Crude, idiotic, total waste of time and mind.
The main reason I rented this was because of Lauren Graham. I have been a fan since following her through all the seasons of The Gilmore Girls, a show that is close to my heart, mainly due to Graham's brilliant performance. Sadly, her movie roles thus far have been rather lackluster, partly because of the secondary roles she has been playing, as in "Evan Almighty" and "Flash of Genius". In "Answer Man", Graham gets to shine a bit more, but I still felt her character deserved more exposure."Answer Man" reminds me of "As Good As It Gets", only it never quite gets a chance to achieve the brilliance of the latter. Like Jack Nicholson's OCD character, Jeff Daniels plays a quirky and eccentric character. He portrays Arlen Faber, an author whose one book "Me and God" created a sensation and became a bestseller, cornering 10% of the "God" market. Yet 20 years later, Arlen feels he has not really learned anything nor gained any great insights, so he shuts himself away in his Philadelphia house downtown, living a reclusive life, shunning all his fan mail & interviews, much to the chagrin of his literary agent. Feeling frustrated with all the self-help books that fail to lift his spirits nor grant him any useful perspectives on life, Arlen carts the books away to a used bookstore run by a recovering young alcoholic Kris (Lou Taylor Pucci in a wonderfully nuanced performance), only to be refused (as Kris doesn't have any money to buy Arlen's books). To cut a long story short - Arlen hurts his back and seeks help at a chiropractor's which is owned and operated by single mom Elizabeth (Lauren Graham). The pair start to bond but the relationship is complicated by Arlen's eccentricities and inability to reach out to people who need him and Liz's own personal problems.Meanwhile Kris the recovering alcoholic begins to show up at Arlen's home seeking advice in return for taking some of Arlen's books off his hands.The various story arcs do intersect quite well, but the characters lack sufficient development - so Arlen is seeking answers...but why exactly has he allowed 20 years to pass by, and his whole romance with Graham almost seems contrived at times. Graham's personal problems are alluded to but never fully explored, and her interactions with her seven-year-old son seem unbearably awkward and even a tad fake at times. Pucci's character was the most likable in this movie, in that he elicits the viewer's sympathy and makes one want to root for him in his battle against the bottle, yet even his role seems to lack true depth."Answer Man" is interesting and engaged my attention, but it is also quite forgettable. I would certainly recommend it as a rental especially for those who like Lauren Graham, Jeff Daniels, and Lou Taylor Pucci, but it doesn't compare to some real gems like "As Good As It Gets".
Another Hollywood movie that features a big name actor that turned out to be total crap! I can't imagine why such a notable actor would accept a role in this movie. Is he that hard up for money??? Movie is slow and boring and has very little to do with hunting a rare tiger. Are there no good writers left in Hollywood??? Boring and a total waste of time. Don't spend a penny on this film. Shame on you Hollywood!!!
Wow what a terrible show...I had to turn it off and delete it from my tivo before I was half way through it so as not to infect the rest of my tivo with "unfunny".It's geeky and awkward but not in an endearing or funny way...just in a bad way.  Bad acting, casting, scripting and on and on.
Grey's anatomy is certainly a big hitter in the world of medical dramas, arriving at its 10th season here.  That said, little has been updated about this series since day 1.  In season 10 we get the same impassioned speeches, the same character drama, etc.The one thing that has seems to have changed is that Grey's has moved further and further away from the actual medicine.  These days almost every episode is about the drama of the main characters themselves and their personal lives.  While that has always been a theme, it always took place within the greater backdrop of the hospital.  By the time we hit Season 10, the setting of the show almost doesn't matter.  These could be workers at a Starbucks and the basics of the show would be the same.The problem here is that so much drama has happened to these characters at this point that it is hard to feel any connection to them anymore.  There's hardly a doctor among them who hasn't been stabbed, shot, died, brought back to life, married, divorced, remarried, re-divorced, sued, pregnant, leaving, returning, etc.  There's only so much that can happen to one character before you just become disconnected from the whole thing.If you're a fan of the series, season 10 is probably worth watching.  If you're iffy on the whole theme to begin with, it might be time to just say enough is enough and find something fresh.
I accidentally started this when scanning through so I can't rate it. Sometimes the movie starts when I'm trying to slide through the selections.
It is entertaining.  I find it hard to understand why some of the shows, such as Harry's Law, have been taken off the air to appease a younger demographic.  If this is what gets them, I am very disappointed in 18-45 age group.
I have to join in the chorus of dismay, even as I'll continue to watch.  I found the opening episode of Season 2 to be hackneyed and a betrayal of most of the characters. Things just happen, without much relevance to the previous inner lives of the characters.  The journalist gets back together with the criminal blissfully, seeming to have forgotten that he, however unwillingly, was responsible for the death of her husband.  Steven King is, in my opinion, a great author . . . but perhaps not a great tv writer.  I'm hoping the Deputy gets brought back to life.
Most of the reviews appear to be posted by fanboys. Nothing wrong with being a fanboy. It's just not all that helpful to read a review by someone who decided they were going to give an episode 5 stars before it was even released. So this review is for those of us who are watching Venture Bros. because there are no new episodes of Sealab 2021, Frisky Dingo, Archer orDethecution:Venture Bros. was really clever and humorous the first season. Each season since has less humor and more drama -- much more drama. Season 5 is a full-on animated drama. The insane situations that Dr. Venture got himself into to be invariably rescued by Brock are over. Now in season 5, plots are complex, main characters are absent and minor characters are more and more central to each story. For instance, episode 1 of season 5 is all about Henchman 21's transition into life as the lone Sphinx commander. And if you do understand what that means, you are not a fanboy and may not like this series.The background of each previous episode, the history of each person, the origin and history of each technology and knowing the past uses of each plot device are essential to making sense of new shows. As proof of this note that Season 5 is prefaced by two free "review" episodes that bring viewers up to speed. I don't recall this being necessary for shows such as Family Guy, King of the Hill or Simpsons. And it doesn't have to conform with those. It's just interesting that the makers of this animated series felt it necessary to bring people up to speed.Venture Bros. is an animated drama that has it's moments but is just not very funny.
I think the idea for the show is a good one, and I can understand the educational value in both the show and Its apps. But, and maybe because this was a pilot, I felt that the story kind of got lost in the premise. I watched the interview with the show`s creator and he seemed a little more interested in what the show could do for getting kids interested in science rather than telling a story. I`m sure kids will like the show, but without good writing I think the only thing that would keep them interested is good visual effects and cool technologies exhibited on the show. I think for me the biggest thing was a feeling of a lack of heart.
It could have been an exciting sci-fi thriller instead its been turned in to a drawn out badly written soap.
I'm not really a Hulk fan, but I decided to give this show a shot, since there are other characters (like Batman) that I prefer in TV and movie form, and can't really get into the comics. The first episode was pretty good, with most of the jokes being elevated by Seth Green's charisma, and the plot being more relate-able with him as the human fish out of water, but once he turned into a hulk, the show seems to have lost the humor and charm. It seems to have become everyone making bad jokes, and Rick Jones saying how awesome everything is. I just couldn't get into it. Full disclosure: I only got 3 episodes in before deciding its fate on my schedule. It could always get better.
Not really my feeling of entertainment. Too much arguing and bad attitudes plus I don't like the rude language. Crap
The madness never goes to the end. To much blood; the bad people always win. All the episodes always are the same stories:revenge.You feel like the happiness won't happen.
I normally love this show, love that it's like Seinfeld on meth... This show has an edge you don't find almost anywhere else.. That said, what worked for they gang in seasons 1-8 has left them far behind in season nine (writing). The Gang Breaks Dee was fine, funny, but the ending left a residue of what was to come.. and some of the episodes in season nine were so dull that I couldn't even finish them; The Gang Saves the Day & The Gang Makes Lethal weapon 6 (let the LW thing go already, it was barely funny a few seasons back). The shows used to thrive on subtle narcissism, but now it's just generally sadistic.. Dennis used to be somewhat likeable, but he is without a doubt, pure evil.. He's a serial killer waiting to happen.. With friends like these, what's the point? I know it was renewed for a tenth season, which is good; all shows are entitled to a horrible season, but I hope nothing else is like this.. Some people complain that season five was bad, I disagree, it's season nine.. Horrible.
Really enjoyed watching this. The female prisons are far worse than the male ones.Some of the kids never change and end up in prison.
Not having any prior knowledge of Watchmen I thought this would be fun to watch.  The "motion comic" concept is cool and i liked it all the way up to the part where the women speak.  Apparently they only have one narrator.  Multiple narrators would make this much better.
The show is what it is, no comment on that. I enjoy it, and will keep watching it.HOWEVER, this past episode (season 4, episode 10) Amazon introduced an ad. A little itty bitty one, for another video series. But it was enough. I pay for these, so I don't get advertised to. I will not continue buying them if they have ads in them. Period. I sent feedback. I hope others do too, to discourage what is beginning, and will certainly only become a trend and get worse. (You will eventually see product ads if we tolerate this).
I wrote seemingly in my title because when examined from a sociological viewpoint, one begins to recognize patterns, and realizes not only are most of these stories tragedies, but all of these women who victimized were also victims themselves. Truly a national tragedy.
The concept is engaging--a scientist receives warnings from somewhere in space that catastrophic events are going to occur and a team of police and scientists set about attempting to divert these catastrophes from happening--with varying success.  The series would be more compelling if there were a gradual unravelling of the mystery behind the signals.  This is a single, plot-line show where a dual plot line--one that reveals an alternate reality beyond what is happening in real time--would have provided depth and thought-provoking meaning for audiences.  The female protagonist is excellent.  The brooding male scientist comes off a bit creepy instead of troubled as he is meant to be, I believe.  If you want something border-line sci-fi and still engaging, try Warehouse 13, Touched, or 666 Park Avenue.
I wish I could leave a one word review - because all this review would say is &#34;meh&#34;. I used to really like this but somewhere along the way it got kind of weird and I stopped caring about what happened to the characters.
I cannot even begin to explain how bad this was, but I will try to explain.The movie began with a LONG, LONG, LONG monologue about the origin of the Nephilim species, one word &#34;Neanderthals&#34;.  A human-nephilim war breaks out (atom bomb style), and humans forget all of their advancements.  The Nephilim do not, and we worship them as Gods (with mandatory shots of Egyptian pyramids).  The Nazis rediscover all of the lost advancements, and humans are a violent and imaginative race, and we come to the attention of the nephilim again.So finally, we get a shot of fighting (space ships in the sky firing down on building with big explosions).  It looked like a cartoon with no people, but hey, this was obviously low budget.  We have a bad cast with a few more poorly done shots of the captain, the only human besides the breeder woman.  They breed.  He dies.  All humans/hybrids are dead with the exception of the pregnant breeder and her teddy bear filled with DNA, and the five pod kids we never see.  A few shots of nephilim killing.  The movie is over with a final spiel that the woman, who didn't know she was a machine, just wanted to be loved.It was so bad that I almost didn't review it.
This is a buddy sitcom set on a Death Star like ship, what with all the trademark issues it has to be 'Death Star like'.  The pilot had some funny bits.  It'd have been nicer if they'd sprung for the full animation throughout - you never get a second chance to make a first impression ya' know.That said, it had some funny bits and I can see the potential.  Presumably the blond haired, dare I say buff? rebel leader needs to be fleshed out more.  I'd watch it to see where they take the characters and the setup.
I love books. And art supplies. And all things Disney. And... well, the list goes on.  So, I'll confess that I like shows about hoarding because they nudge me to weed out and reorganize. I never want my home to resemble what I see on &#34;Hoarders.&#34;However, at a certain point -- and Season 5 of &#34;Hoarders&#34; seems to be there -- the &#34;ah-HA!&#34; light bulb turns on. Instead of the cool, quirky, &#34;Wow... how very weird!&#34; intrigue of the cases featured on the show... well, this season seems sad.All of these people seem mentally ill. Most have experienced some kind of trauma that triggered the impulse to hold onto everything, or build an insulating wall of stuff around them as a defense, or both.  And, all of them have made their own lives a misery and had a profoundly negative impact on people they love.I'm not sure that should be on the TV as entertainment. Unfortunately, they're not actual documentaries, either. I mean, we all know the problems we're seeing aren't actually resolved in an hour, a week, or even a year, no matter how great the aftercare.So, while these shows still kick me into gear so I revisit my various personal indulgences (like books and art supplies), the subject -- as something to watch on TV -- has become less entertaining.  Instead of taking the show in the direction of weirder & weirder collections and hoarding efforts, this season seemed to head in an unhappy direction. They're featuring more deeply traumatized people with more devastating and tragic impacts on the people around them.I'll continue watching because I'm hoping the producers realized most viewers aren't there to see the train wreck.  We don't turn on the TV to pity others... do we?  Well, maybe I'm one of a minority of viewers who watch &#34;Hoarders&#34; (and similar TV shows) for two reasons: To see how very interesting people are when they allow collecting to run wild, and to recognize those impulses we all have, and clean house long before collecting becomes a problem.
Solid story line with great ideas and FX, but a little too cute and cheesy. I hope they go for a more series tone and a more serial episode ladder. The all in one episodes that don't relate to each other bring the entire series down a few notches. They need to d something like 24 or X files, Game of Thrones. I doubt they will, but it could work well. The characters are too shallow also. It's a little like a modern Hawaii Five-0: "Bookem DanoBot!"Update:So sadly, this doesn't measure. In the last episode, a stake out has the star chasing the villain, and he runs out of ammo. That might not be so bad if the firefight goes on for any length of time, but it was the first load out in the pistol. So, let me guess, cops don't carry reloads? Shallow, rubbish writing for the child minded.Ages: 6-10
This is typical psuedo-documentary style fluff. There wasn't much information that was well verified or documented. Wish there was more hard facts instead of speculations. History is interesting, speculation is boring.
I enjoyed the first season until the last episode.  What is it with following the 'GOD' signal through the Universe?  I thought this series was about seeing the 'GODS' as false and that the ancients were the ones really go all this 'GOD' work.  I can see why this series was canceled.  Maybe sense they set the stage for this to be revisited in 2014.  I can see where they talk able the each part of the journey being needed before the next step is taken.  This is a very Buddhist approach to a journey.  I hope the movie where they re-visit this in 2014 improves the story line.
I learned something watching this video.  I didn't know that products can be organic and still be sprayed with pesticides.  Actually didn't know there were pesticides that qualify for organic use.  Made me realize - again - that despite being organic produce needs to be thoroughly washed before using.
Steven Moffat contributed some outstanding individual episodes to the rebooted Dr Who series back when Russell T Davis was lead writer and showrunner. Moffat also wrote a truly excellent transition episode, introducing the Matt Smith Doctor, that was far more convincing that any of RTD's transitions.But...As showrunner, Moffat has been something of a disappointment. It's not so much the over-ambitious story-arcs as the inability to manage emotions. Moffat's Doctor is too much the fast-moving slapstick clown without the pathos necessary to provide emotional depth. Worse yet is Moffat's addiction to The Great Reset Button In The Sky. In Moffat's universe loss is something to be avoided, so people keep dying (poor Rory in particular) over and over again and being brought back over and over again until frankly we don't care. Moffat doesn't seem able, as a writer, to grasp that without the possibility of loss there's no possibility of really engaging the audience's emotions. When we know it's all going to be yet another conjuring trick we get bored. Very seriously bored.So here, in the swan-song episode for Matt Smith's Doctor, we get the standard Moffat tropes. Worse, we get a cursory "tie up the loose ends" overlay that doesn't work on any level at all. There's neither intellectual nor emotional consistency - just a superficial gloss that fails utterly to convince. It's as if Moffat is emotionally autistic, so clumsy is the writing at times. There's just one tiny moment right before the very end that is genuinely touching and the effect, at this late stage, is simply to make the viewer think "how did that slip through the Moffat filter??"Now that we have a new Doctor in the shape of Peter Capaldi, perhaps we can hope earnestly for a new showrunner. It's not clear how long the rebooted Doctor Who can survive under Moffat's continued leadership. People's expectations are much higher after RTD's brilliant re-awakening of the series than they were back in the long-ago days when just enough folk were content to sit through the moribund scripts and awful effects of the Jon Pertwee period. Time for the showrunner to be regenerated.
It's said the director insisted on shooting this on site and away from any green screens. He should have been more concerned about realism. First, no legion general would go down a narrow road in the mist (or otherwise) without thoroughly scouting it out beforehand. Rome didn't become the military power it did by being ambushed so easily. In the days of Agustus, three legions were ambushed along a narrow, wooded trail in Britain, but there was no way to scout it out beforehand. In fact, the general leading these legions reached a clearing and was on his way back, knowing he had made a grave tactical error and that he couldn't reverse it. The Romans were a fearsome fighting force and small numbers of them routinely decimated much larger armies. The Brits loved to rush in and scare opposing armies by fearful shrieks, which didn't work against highly disciplined soldiers who had fought in many different campaigns from Parthia to Africa and even Germany. Look what happened to Boudica, with an army of 100,000 men when they threw themselves against just one trained legion which waited in a narrow detente uphill and situated between two treelines. Governor Gaius Suetonius Paulinus was actually criticized for taking too many lives -- but it saved Nero from having to retreat from Britain altogether. It's true that Rome caused most of its own problems by its brutality, and they did suffer losses, but not by waltzing down narrow roads in thick fog with no trained scouts to precede them. And BTW, if &#34;the witch&#34; knew about Etan's identity, reputation and the reason for not being able to speak, chaces are the Romans would have known.Finally, the Romans didn't have to kill the Centurion if they wanted to keep the 9th Legion's fate secret. If so, they would have had to kill all the soldiers in the room, as well as the slaves. And if they did want him dead, all they would have had to do was order him to report to the govenor and arrest him. Or, they could have always poisoned his wine. Attacked from behind in a relaxed and physically drained state, and having him kill both...I want my money back! Save this one for the five-dollar bin, then don't buy it. I'll never get the time I wasted on this nonsense.If you want to see a good Roman flick, see GLADIATOR again. Still not very plausible, but well done. Plus there were tigers. And green screens. Thank God for green screens, tigers and New Zealand!  And my recommendation to the Romans is, if you cut someone's tongue out, don't hire them as your primary scout!
I like Liev Schreiber. However, this movie disappointed me just a little. It has a semi-decent cast and the story had potential. However, it just turned out to be zombies on Mars. I think the Ghost of Mars did a better job of zombies on Mars and that was just a bad movie.
First, let me mention that, Michael Scott aside, I was a fan of this show just as much for Jim and Pam, and if they end their relationship on a "divorce" note I will NEVER invest in another show by these producers. Guess what? Breaking up a happy family to go out on a high-minded story arc is a betrayal to the fans, and here's one more fundamental truth: DIVORCE ISN'T FUNNY!!! These characters deserve to end the show as much in love and together as when they started.I am a STALWART fan of the series, and have been since it's American debut. I think the humor of the show was that most of the other people in the show were REAL people and Michael was the insane one. That is what the show was about, how a crazy manager interacts with real people. Michael was shocking, irrepressible, irredeemable, and loud, inappropriate at the worst and most inopportune moments, and almost entirely oblivious to it (which was also his saving grace). The moment a light of understanding hit his brain, he would suddenly become human, attempt to back pedal, and then begrudgingly apologize.It was this that made the show. When Michael left the office, the curtain should have closed, the lights turned up, and we should have been made to leave our seats. Instead, seasons 8 and 9 continued to turn the carcass over and make a mockery of the quirks of each character, way, way over emphasizing the suddenly, equally quirky traits of the staff. If it's one person being a fool and all around staring in awe and disbelief, that's an out of the ordinary moment. If everyone is cavorting around foolishly, there's no awe or disbelief.Here's the primary example: Michael tells the new temp Ryan to play along with a prank he intends to play on the receptionist Pam. Ryan, not yet aware of Michael's insanity, nods, and Michael calls for Pam.Pam walks into the manager's office, and Michael informs her that his choice in which employee to fire in their ongoing campaign of downsizing has been made simpler. Because she has been identified as an office supply thief of potentially thousands of dollars over 3 years of employment, she will not only be terminated, but will not even qualify for severance because of the punitive nature of her dismissal.Ryan shakes his head, non-verbally disavowing any participation in the "prank" as Michael stifles a gleeful chortle. Pam, however, begins to frown and denies the accusation, claiming that she has not even stolen so much as a paper clip, but Michael casts her plea aside and tells her to clean out her workspace.Pam begins to cry profusely, a reaction Michael at ONLY THAT MOMENT realizes is a bad turn. He promptly cries, "You've been 'punked'" and laughs, sticking to his joke even as it careens into a deadly plummet. Pam calls him a jerk and runs off.In another episode, Michael makes small talk with Pam and mentions the common phrase, Thank God it's Friday, and that it's another day overworked and underpaid. Pam's only reaction is to say, "I know what you mean," and Michael suddenly becomes stern. He says, "if you are unhappy with your compensation, bring it up with HR."Michael is clearly a character with huge flaws that all the other cast members have to tip toe around in order to get a solid day's work accomplished. None of the other characters exhibited signs of silliness, but as the seasons went on, the characters evolved their own various issues that, while making them unique, also made them all seem like cartoons. They stop tip-toeing and begin bumbling around Michael Scott style.Jim and Pam's relationship was the other huge staple of the show. Just because they're married doesn't mean their "adventure" is over. I married my wife and it felt like life had only just BEGUN at that moment. Pam should have been able to make something of her art. When she failed, it felt like the show was saying, "Just give it up, kids. You're going to stay mediocre regardless." Jim's ambition to become a sports agent should have been much smaller, and he a lot more understanding of what he's putting his wife through. It's like nice, sweet, cool Jim has been replaced by Jack@ss Jim. If that's what we're left with, then none of his good moments, kind deeds, and hard choices have EVER mattered. He's just going to end up a douche eventually. NICE!
Didn't want to pay for what I can watch for my already expensive subscription to Dish TV.  Therefore, it's nothing new and not worth viewing on Amazon.
This series was okay but it seemed to lumber along like the monster robots that clunked and clanked their way across the screen in every episode.
I am starting to find these type reality shows a little depressing.  A person grows up being indoctrinated on the &#34;American Dream&#34; only to see these people who have supposedly achieved it settling for the worst examples of success and what it is to have &#34;friends&#34; that I have ever witnessed.  If this is what one can expect friends who needs any?  Genre is becoming depressing.
People alive in boxes whether buried or not have shown up in a few movies the past couple of years, e.g. "Buried". This one had more techy stuff (camera, phone, CB radio, annoying red LED clock) and had the more elaborate plot of trying to extort information from it's (How did I get here?) occupant. Just like a person in a box not knowing what's going on, this viewer felt like they were in a box in being mostly clueless and bored 90% of the time while watching just a person in a box with only increasingly predictable dialogue to keep from dozing off. To make it worse the writer & director tossed in two twists at the end that not only were stupid-unrealistic but made the preceding 91 of 92 minutes seem even stupider.
I love sci-fi flicks, and outer space flicks are the best, like Alien, etc.  An astronaut has an accident on Mars that ends up threatening the others.  It's fairly predictable after a point but there are some &#34;No way!&#34; moments that keep you interested.
gotta say the first 65 percent of the movie is a classic slow burn. wonderfully shot, written and acted. loved the dinner scene. loved the intrigue. loved the mystery.....again, slow burn...that said : the movie, out of nowhere and at the worst possible time takes a complete change of course and...im not gonna ruin it...becomes way too symbolic and surreal to be entertaining. im all about having a deeper meaning in films...but this one just rams its ideals down your throat and tries very hard to be intelligent.shame. the director has a good thing going and then decided to insult the audience by going back to film school and make a pretentious ending. if i wanted to rent Eyes Wide Shut i would have...this movie could of been a game changer for horror movies for years to come but settled on cliche.
...but it is just ok... at least the episodes I've seen so far.  The story line is a good one... just too unrealistic.  Surviving and Coming home after thought to have died w/his father at sea, the main character vows to right wrongs.... his and any other bad guy doing dirty business.....  This could work w/out the costume, camo face paint and bow and arrow... and probably be more believable at that....  We'll see....  I still have more episodes to watch.
I have not seen enough of this series to fairly evaluate it.  Its beginning with a love story put me off.  I am weary of love-at-first-sight followed by separation-by-war plots.  If you have not grown weary of such stories, maybe this is for you.
I am repeating another review I read here:  a bad table read.  Really.  Except they aren't sitting at a table, they are walking and sitting and smoking --- all  with crappy production values and bad dialogue.  Watch one episode of The Closer or the Amazon Pilot Mozart in the Jungle and then watch this and you will know what I mean.  Where the heck are all the 5 star reviews coming from?  Professional reviewers?  I say thumbs down!!!
It is hard to do science fiction which is actually science fiction. This show has the feel of the TV Star Trek: The Next Generation. Few science fiction shows approach the pure science fiction of 2001: A Space Odyssey, Star Wars, the original 3 films;  Dr. Who, the prisoner or Twilight Zone. The production values of Extant  and the acting are excellent, yet, it does not appear from this episode to be taking us where  no man or woman has not gone before. What I mean by that is, while it is entertaining, Extant is going to have to show greater originality rather than being a rehash of human problems no matter how media current those problems are. Yet, it is too early to tell; and I may well change my comments here to something more favourable.
LOL!All submitted reviews are subject to the license terms set forth in our Conditions of Use.Your reviews will be posted within 48 hours.Submissions that do not follow our review guidelines will not be posted.You must be over 13 in order to submit a review for this item.If you believe that the product you are reviewing is unsafe, please report this information to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) or contact Amazon.com directly.
We ejected this movie after 30 minutes when we first tried to watch it.Then we saw the mostly favorable reviews here on  AMAZON.comSo we tried to watch it again.We lasted until about 60 minutes the second time trying to watch it and finally gave up.I think my wife's exact words were ... "OK, enough already. You have to put something else in to watch.  This is stupid and I don't care what happens to these losers".
Nice product, of course it comes in wonderfully on Amazon Prime, however you need to watch the entire season because each episode hinges on the next and you never find out what happens without purchasing another episode. Its great if you purchased the whole season I guess.
there's funnier shows out there, but if you're in the mood for a laugh, you'll find some here. it's decent.
Tenuous plot way full of twists and improbable turns - really needed more work before being committed to film - too bad, almost there
Don't like subtitles in my movies.  Most Asian movies turn me off completely..  They are not my idea of entertainment
I really don't find these horror stories actually, but some of them are suspenseful.  They did keep me interested and wanting to see more.  I found the characters intriguing for the most part.  I've got to be honest, though, there were a couple of episodes that left me wondering what the......  Other than that I found the season interesting.
Could be better. We will see what the writers come up with in the future, i guess.I want options regarding television.
The first season was the best, as it was more based on characters and the parts they played in the overall story.  Season two became less about the characters and more about the gore and violence.  We forced ourselves to watch the first three episodes of season 3, but it was just more gore and violence for its own sake.  We won't waste any more time watching more of it.
I wanted to like this so much more than I did. The premise is great, but the characters were sooo stereotypical and dull. really? If Carter gets some great people to work on this show (like he did with X-Files: Morgan, Wong, and Morgan) then there is hope for it.
This is Laurie Collyer's second outing as a writer and director (her debut was the excellent `Sherrybaby' with Maggie Gyllenhaal) and it is sad to see that the film, despite some very impressive acting from a small cast, simply doesn't get off the ground.Set in a rather smarmy location in Florida, Sunlight Jr. is a love story at odds with the times and with the conditions that surround the characters. Melissa (Naomi Watts) works the day shift at a convenience store called Sunlight Jr., managed by a repulsive toad named Edwin (Antoni Corone) and assisted at shift change by the funky Vivian (Adrienne Lovette). Melissa lives in a motel with her paraplegic, wheelchair-confined boyfriend Richie (Matt Dillon) whose only income is a disability check. The couple is in love and Melissa becomes pregnant. In the joy of the discovery Richie asks Melissa to marry him, but Melissa loses her job and they are evicted from the motel, they face difficult choices about life and their relationship. They attempt to live with Melissa's alcoholic mother (Tess Harper) who runs a foster home in her tiny house, but the stress overcomes both Melissa and Richie, and the added stalking from Melissa's previous boyfriend Justin (Norman Reedus) provides further stress. The manner in which the couple works things out provides the rest of the story.Watts and Dillon offer memorable performances, even given the weak and clich&eacute;d script Collyer has written. It is a depressing film buoyed up by the inner resilience Watts and Dillon instill in their characters. We are left with the feeling that with the addition of more substance to the film, this may have actually worked. It does show how excellent actors can save a mediocre movie. Grady Harp, October 13
I know one of the cast members of Teen Wolf and decided, out of loyalty to him, that I would give the series a viewing. I wasn't disappointed, but I wasn't inspired either. It is for kids, of course, and I can't speak to how kids will view it. But, as a film professional, I felt that certain features of the series were questionable.First, the series is rather simplistic: boy gets bitten, boy gains super powers but is hunted, boy and his hunter fall in love. Oh, my! What a quandary.Second, most of the student cast is too old. The girl who plays the love interest is so obviously in her mid to late twenties that her love scenes with the (very good) Tyler Posey (the lead) seem just a touch creepy to me. But, that's just one person's opinion, of course.Third, the lead actor's antagonist is also a little old for high school. But, worse, he WANTS to become a werewolf (to gain super powers). The other aspects of the werewolf's life ( murdering animals and people, inability to control yourself, being hunted by monster killers) don't seem to bother him. I found this difficult to believe.So, not a great show, but not the worst I've seen. Good luck to the actor I know.
Admittedly did not watch it all the way through.  What I did watch did not interest me.  Maybe it is a good movie just not to me.
I feel compelled to watch it because it is so bad. The theories have more holes than swiss cheese and the &#34;authorities&#34; have no credentials whatsoever. It is like the campiest thing ever filmed.
I get the characters, don't care for the individual actors.  This story concept has been done far too many times.
I L-O-V-E Archer and anxiously awaited the start of Season 4. But I have to say that adding commercials to the purchased content is just plain wrong. If I knew commercials would be embedded in the streaming video content I bought, I would have saved my money and just waited for the DVD or Blu-ray season release. At least I can skip through those on the disc.I blame FOX -- not Amazon. Amazon just distributes the content, but I don't think they control it ... The commercials are all FOX content embedded in FOX's streaming video content. Missing Archer episodes is a steep price, but I'm thinking it might actually be worth it. I just don't think commercials should be embedded in the streaming content!! Sort of defeats the purpose of streaming ... otherwise we could just buy cable or satellite and watch the commercials shown on the original air dates.
The writers and producers took the series into a direction that is away from the formula which worked well - now it is formulaic and not worth watching.
I rented this movie to see Josh Groban acting.  Was kind of fun, kind of silly; but enjoyed it just for the fun of it.
Bebe Neuwirth is the only known actor in this production.  Four interns from different backgrounds come to work at the same company owned (?)by Neuwirth.  She is a harsh manager who enjoys punishing her employees with the fear of being fired held over them.  The gimmick employed for this show is that the principles break into song (as in a Broadway Musical) to express their feelings.  The pilot failed to grab my attention but did hint at the possibilities by not trying to imitate either the flash of Glee or the spectacle of Smash (both of which I think are far too overwhelming).
I'm such a huge fan of Halley Berry and SciFi movies and TV programs in general, BUT.  I watched this pilot and like the overall idea, but as the saying goes, '...first impressions mean everything.'  Things I don't like about this already:  1.)  Her husband is a scientist who doesn't believe humans have souls - he insults those who believe so and likens the soul to a 'lifetime of memories' only.  I am uncomfortable with this premise on any level.  2.)  One scene shows the son and husband being shuttled to a science conference by a self propelled/piloted transport vehicle on auto pilot.  I also have issue with this as well as I hope we never succumb to this idea of vehicles as mere appliances to get us from point A to B instead of as a right of passage during our youth and a means of independence and joy.  I enjoy my ICE vehicles and would not trade them in for any EV - EVER!  Since I'm an open minded person, I will continue to give this new series a chance and hopefully the cool and imaginative plot lines will overshadow the writer's agnostic undertones.
Decent thriller - a couple of scenes didn't make sense (why didn't the ghost just kill the psycho brother?) But all in all- it's worth a watch. It's &#34; silence of the lambs&#34; spooky with a supernatural twist. Notthe best movie- but not the worst either.
Too bloody and cold-hearted for my liking.  This does not give the southern way of live a true rendition.  There is a big difference between &#34;talking about violence&#34; and &#34;actually showing it&#34;.I doubt if I will watch any more episodes of this series.
I could watch this movie three more times and still not understand it, no, I don't think I could ever understand it.
A story of transition. Well filmed and acted. A very sad and somewhat sweet story of a young boy grappling with a very strange and tragic situation.
This movie held my interest and made me aware again that appearances can be deceiving.  Perception is reality until proven differently.
I give it an &#34;OK&#34; because the stories are only so-so.  If I could rate Ryan Hurst separately, there would be five stars.
A series about 4 US Senators living together like 50 something frat boys.  Sloppy, spoiled, bored and boring.  Trashy, trite dialog which would run half as long if the writers had to exclude the &#34;F&#34; word.  I found the characters totally unlikeable and found nothing humorous in this &#34;comedy.&#34;  We couldn't even make it through the entire episode and stopped it after 15 minutes.
This show is okay. I'm not sure why screenwriters and directors have trouble making Kings characters as complex as they can be, but this is no exception. A witty great story that's just so so in its execution, but I'll watch every episode.
The absolute worst part of the series is the character "Junior" which is made even worse by poor acting.  I have watched five episodes and wonder when people will start to understand the food and gas are going to run out.  Most characters seem to have gone on with their lives and find the dome a minor inconvenience after after the first episode. I  have seen the black actress in two series, does she think she is the new Yul Bryner?  Poor writing (not King's fault), incredibly poor acting, and implausible plot.  Could someone tell me why the outside  government makes no attempt to have a real conversation with the people inside, maybe help them understand something about the dome? Why can't they use writing to communicate, the dome appears to be transparent. If you were chained up in a bomb shelter for days would you forgive the perpetrator in 10 seconds?
Amanda Seyfried is an incredible actress.  In addition, she's a unique beauty and her body is seduction in motion. I have been so used to seeing her in captivating films that when I heard about "Lovelace"  being made I figured the film would be another interesting indulgence .My thoughts were greatly diminished after viewing , in fact I was in disappointment mode way less than halfway into the film. Seyfried had the right goods for the part, even more so than the real Linda but she just wasn't believable, nor were many of the characters. For a supposedly linear movie it was extremely non cohesive.When Linda enters the world of porn, there is no real feeling of shock. She also  never really questions her lascivious acts early on for someone so brand new. The movie seemed rushed with bits and pieces missing. I'm no raunch fanatic but for a film made in 2012/2013 about the porn industry of the 70s, this was very tame, and every sex scene looked beyond fake. I understand the acters can't really have sex but I've seen more bump and grind in PG13 films..Linda's interactions with her mother and father never explain her life which is what I was hoping for. There were no overtly religious tones throughout.  Also I  found Linda's boyfriend to be a cardboard character that I didn't love to hate, I just hated. I really expected a deeper character development and a capturing of the 70s that never fully panned out. This could have been a fascinating take on a strange passing in time. Unfortunately it was a very poor film that was matched only by the poor happenings it attempted to depict.I even held out hope that as the movie came to a close there would either have been some kind of "aha" moment or a sense of completion. Instead it rang hollow. An overall bad project for Amanda Seyfried and company.
If you grew up believing in fairy tales and such, then it's okay.  If not, after about 40 minutes, you might get bored.  Had to watch in two parts.  Interesting characters, but not that great of actors.
THE SHOW IS NOT EXCITING, DUE TO VERY POOR SHOOTING FROM THE TOP GUNS. TOP GUNS THAT HAS BEEN ELIMINATED WAS IN ELIMINATION BECAUSE OTHERS SHOT POORLY, NOT GOOD FOR RATINGS.
The series started off great but then quickly became dumb.  It's a bummer as this series could have been a great one.  I don't know why dumb series get additional seasons but series like Terra Nova are cancelled.
This is a series that was recommended by a friend. The first few episodes were quite engaging. As it went a long the episodes didn't really add as much to the on going plot. It was good but felt repetitive is the best way to describe my response. Worth seeing but if you buy it, make sure you get a really good deal.
I don't like Dora but the kids are transfixed for 25 minutes so it allows me to get something done. I only like Dora because of learning words in other languages. otherwise, it's annoying
That says it so far...no c ompelling reason to keep watching, just using subsequent episodes to fill in time wasting.
This show has some really corny acting. I only watched a few episodes. I gave it a chance.  But.......gave up.
I live in La and I get tired of seeing shows about characters whose only claim to fame is that they are sexually confused or daring. These characters, including the transvestite father, are becoming cliches. I found myself becoming impatient instead of sympathetic. Also, the show is filmed with what appears to be handheld camera, which I find more appropriate for documentaries. I cannot recommend that this show be picked up. Sorry.
There are many inconsistencies with this show, A homicide detective partnered with a coroner? His on again, off again girlfriend goes from being a nurse to the coroner's assistant, and his future partner; officially or not? This show appears to be more of a writing class of don't's than do's. Everything they teach you about writing and storytelling seems to have been thrown out the window with this show. I find myself doing something other than watching. If you're one of those people that likes to have the TV on for company and don't really need to watch it, this show is great for that. SPOILER ALERT; whoever is the least likely killer... did it! And like Clark Kent's glasses, only he and you can see it.
UPDATE: Well apparently most of America agreed with me and NBC is putting this pathetic retread out of it's misery.You got to be kidding me, of ALL the ideas for TV plots the best these guys could do was a rehash of a old TV crime drama?  Is the talent level in Hollywood so pathetic that they can't come up with more original programming?  I am not going to bother to get involved in this series because it is not going to make it past 1 Season good or bad that is just the fact.  People want something new, not the same old plot devices remolded to look new. The use of a male "hunk" as the crippled Ironsides was just another horrible move, NBC has been on the bottom for years and it looks like that will continue.  They need new management when they can land something as exceptional as Blacklist and then come along with this travesty of a show.  No consistency at all.
Terrible show and I don't know why they added the music. Music is like adding something bad to something worse.
Dont waste your money on season 4, wait for it to come out on Netflix so you can watch it for free. The entire season was blahhhhhh and the finale was even more blahhhhhhh
Live Another Day was promoted as having a different story arc. I had every expectation of liking the new version. With one tie in, from a previous season, I had hoped for change. Jack is Jack. He's eternally loyal and capable of doing the impossible. The problem arose when it became obvious there was no real change. New location. New characters. But same story line.I realize 24 is not remotely plausible in a lot of ways. As a drama, it does have to relate to its viewers in specific ways. I can no longer suspend disbelief. Jack is past the point of hug me jacket and happy meds.If I'm watching another season, it better have something better than a failed promise of new material.
This &#34;movie&#34; which is shot like a made-for-television movie from the 1960's, is slow moving, boring, and uneventful. I tried to watch it all the way through, and managed to do so --but only after six attempts over a two day period. I literally kept falling asleep.That being said, maybe this is a medical breakthrough in the making. Yes, it is clearly an effective and safe way to treat insomnia, but I believe it has an even better use.In terminal patients, one would hope they might pass calmly, even willingly. Showing this movie will help ANYONE facing death make the decision to let go. After 20-30 minutes of this, death would be a sweet and welcome blessing.
My title says it all.  Perhaps I just didn't have the patience to get further into the story but, after the heroine (wife of the main Viking prince) dispatches two rape-intent clods so neatly, I knew I was in no mood for fantasy.  Maybe episode two would have been better but I didn't care enough to sample it.
Apocalyptic shows are becoming a bit tired and this show doesn't really offer much new until the final revelation at the end. However, by that point I was so annoyed by the cast that I didn't want to spend any more time with them. The one person who seemed like I could root for (the French woman) became so laughably transfixed on having her cell phone that it was hard to take her seriously any more.Also, the show did a lousy job of explaining why things went awry. For most of the show, it seemed like people were just going crazy because the power went out. I know us Angelenos wild out when it rains but I don't think chaos would ensue after a power outage like this; nor do I understand why two helicopters would crash into each other because of it.In the end, this just feels like another &#34;Lost&#34; rip-off, which is a huge problem for a company trying to break into original programming since &#34;Lost&#34; rip-offs started getting tired more than a few years ago.Unless Amazon decides to pander to the religious demographic and really push that angle hard, I don't see any reason to pick this show up.
Not as good as the previous. You can tell that the main cast is just not into the show as much and some of the shows plots are being recycled (which is obvious) with this genre. Seems they have changed writers or something because it has gotten HORRIBLE this season. Can tell show is coming to a close, which believe is this year 2014.
The summary write up was intriguing. The open action sequence was excellent. The fight choreography great. Listening to Fleetwood Mac in the background added a good pulse-generating touch. So tell me, Mr. Writer and Mr. Producer, is it really necessary to throw in oral sex within the first fifteen minutes (with another round for good measure minutes later)? Just what did that add to the plot? Is this the "art imitating life" that we hear, over and over? I don't consider myself Mr. Moralist but I know that where there's smoke, there's fire. As I am told repeatedly, if I don't like it, I don't have to watch it. So, I'm not watching it. You took a perfectly good story, with good acting, and urinated on it.
A newscaster telling people to just be with their loved ones because it was all going to end - the scene is rather haunting in its own right. There is a sense of despair and giving up as everything is gone. That's a great moment but it's unearned. It's unearned because it is coming in the middle of a movie full of these non-action moments that are supposed to be haunting and mysterious but ultimately just prove dull and uninspired. Whether Willem Dafoe is going on the roof and yelling at people or they are ordering Chinese food, nothing is really happening in this things.If these moments were part of an overall story, great. But they are simply scenes from boring people in a nice apartment sitting around and waiting for things to end.Never has a movie depicted characters that are so in tune with the audience.
Just a dumb movie. I have no idea what made me want to rent this, I just wasted $4. Not Amazon's fault, just mine for hitting the confirm button.
This years' series is not as good as previous years. Bought it thinking that it would be.
After watching the first season I decided to see if the second season would be better. I was disappointed to find that it was just more of the same with the exception of adding a &#34;love&#34; interest, a member of the FBI, for Carter that just added  more sex into the fray. Story lines were the same. I can understand why it only lasted two seasons. However, if you like cop shows with sex, drugs and no &#34;rock and roll&#34; then watch Dark Blue.
Pay close attention to the film's title. It is "Zombie Strippers," not "Zombies vs. Strippers." Silly as it is, "Zombie Strippers" is the title of the film starring Jenna Jameson and Robert Englund because here strip dancers become zombies and they dance on stage before the crowd of cheering males in a strip club. I mean it. It is a one-joke movie, of which joke could have been turned into something much funnier than as it is, by someone like Simon Pegg and Edgar Wright, creator team of "Shaun of the Dead." I only wish that they have directed the film.Jenna Jameson plays Kat, a strip dancer. Robert Englund is a greedy owner of the club, who is more than happy to see the audiences excited over the un-dead dancers (whose dancing gets sexier as the film goes on) even though some of the "lucky" males haven't returned from the backstage.The situation is absurd, but I think it is exactly the point. Unfortunately we need someone who can turn absurdity into comedy here. "Zombie Strippers" suffers slack direction, especially its earlier part where Robert Englund does not appear. Clearly Robert Englund is having a good time, and watching him as the sleazy (and cowardly) owner is fun, but the film is only sporadically funny with too scanty supply of jokes or ideas."Zombie Strippers" is a comedy in which Robert Englund's club owner is named "Ian Essko" and his club "Rhino." I confess I didn't at first get the joke playing on the name of the playwright Ionesco and one of his plays, and I still don't know why it has to be named like that. I was impressed more with "ping-pong tricks." I want more of them.
The jokes in this show come at you really, really fast, but they start to become tired after a while. I felt like this show was trying to be 30 Rock, but lacks the character it needs to generate better dialogue between the characters. This show, like Alpha House seems to be more concerned with being a satire rather than getting people to care about its characters, or develop an interesting story.
Not a bad start for a show online, can't wait to see who plays the Dem who runs against John Goodman's character! They should get an actor/comedian who resembles Obama, but not an impersonation or parody of him!Again, great show!
Watch this film if you enjoy the following: collagen-inflated lips trembling hysterically, a Rebecca De Mornay (looking as if the last few year have not been kind) attempting to sing, lots of really bad acting, pervy landlords and creepy next-door neighbor girls (hanging around for no apparent reason), one of the most embarrassing "love" scenes on film, a boyfriend that looks like a young Billy Ray Cyrus with the IQ of a cucumber (also hanging around for no apparent reason), more bad acting,  an "evil & angry spirit" that looks like a dude in drag (again... hanging around for no apparent reason), reality-show grade dialogue and finally a completely pointless haunting combined with zero motivation for being in the silly apartment in the first place.The scoring and cinematography for Apartment 1303 3D are like ordering steak & lobster at McDonalds (at least someone on the payroll for this film earned their check) and so I felt like a 1 star was a bit harsh.
Another one of those curiously short tv series that got cancelled mid season, this is interesting enough to wonder what it might have become as it matured.  As it stands though, it has not quite found its identity - though the 14 episodes it ended up as, showed promise.It's the beginning of the jet age, and Pan Am epitomises cutting edge sophistication.  The lives of a flight crew, 4 stewardesses and the captain and co-pilot, are explored.  This exploration ranges from the intriguing world of the sexual mores and burgeoning liberation of the time, a little social drama, the burgeoning feminism of the 60's, and - somewhat ludicrously - some spy drama thrown in for good measure.  Starting off as more or less stand alone stories in each episode, the series seems verging to a soap opera dynamic by its close, somewhat letting the characters down with the romantic entanglements coming to the fore.  If any of this sounds an intriguing mixture, within a show steeped in meticulous recreations of the period and consultants who were there and did it, then a cautionary note is that it is steeped in candy coated bubble gum style - the 60's are stylised through rose coloured glasses, and the Disney parentage means that the deeper issues that the series hints at are arguably never properly portrayed or investigated, though this does leave it watchable by a wide audience.Somewhat of a let down then in terms of what it could have been, I'm ultimately not too disappointed that this was cancelled - and yet it was something of a guilty pleasure while it lasted thanks to an appealing cast and intriguing milieu.
These moms are crazy.  If their kid gets a solo they complain the choreography is bad.  If they don't then Abby is evilThe way Christy attracts the other moms especially the new ones is so seventh grade.O
Only two episodes in it  is interesting.  I really don't have high expectations of network television but this could be an interesting concept with  good writing just have to hold out and see.
Jack Begosian (Andy Garcia) is a former CIA operative who has retired to Toronto and hosts an all-night talk-radio show.  Hey, why not?  For nearly all the movie he anguishes about something in his CIA past, but never tells us any specifics.  At the same time, way down in Ecuador, Francisco Francis (Forest Whitaker) and his wife Mia (rifle toting Eva Longoria) are being chased by the army for undermining a Canadian water purification project headed by evil capitalist Bruce Swinton (Kim Coates).It seems that the huge water corporation screwed things up and allowed typhus to enter the water system, killing many locals.  If that wasn't bad enough, a corrupt general is executing any and all who try to escape.  Tipped off by a suicidal escapee, Swinton's sister, and major stockholder, Morgan (Deborah Kara Unger) convinces Jack with some big bucks to exfiltrate the Francis family, shedding light on the dirty business.  Jack reluctantly accepts the assignment realizing it will give him an opportunity to correct what happened when he was last in South America.  Oh, and the big bucks.While much of the photography is excellent, writer and director Damian Lee bungle the production with a ridiculous script.  Unger doesn't help much with her dour characterization that never changes from a zoned out aristocrat.  Garcia is much better, especially given the words he has to work with.  Kevin Durand is a hired assassin who changes direction, one that is easily foreseen.  Even with its heart in the right place, the film is preachy to a fault.
It'll do better than watching reruns for the 5th time but I wasn't overly impressed with it.  Could have been much better.
I found this series by accident.Similar story line as Jesse Stone.....I found series engaging and entertainingDefiantly surprises in the themes.
Who drinks and parties with a revolving door of male friends and co-workers.  To be fair, this is probably a fairly accurate portrait of a young party girl &#34;sowing her wild oats.&#34;  The men in her life are pulled into her orbit at her whim, then they are quickly disillusioned by casually she changes her mind when another social opportunity comes up.  There is almost constant drinking and flirting going on among this crowd.  If you have found yourself at 25 still living like an 18 year old, this probably rings very true.
Amazon Prime apparently only includes the first episode, so I'm only rating the first episode.Despite the intriguing title of this series, it is laced with inaccuracies and pseudoscience, backed by testimonials that are little more than rumors.
Interesting and boring all at once comic books have traditionally been meant as a moral compass for the youth of the US, and, in more recent times, for cultures world-wide.  So it is that the Norse god of thunder and his apparently "adopted" brother Loki are pitted against one another in a sort of Kane and Abel kind of story, where one has the unique opportunity to get rid of the competition.After much hemming and hawing the plot is finally put into motion, but with unsurprising results.  I say unsurprising because I have a hard time believing that a disgruntled brother, one who has a history of malfeasance, would transform so in the amount of time given to this story.  Particularly since he comes from an extremely bloody pantheon and society based upon combat and bloodshed.  But, that's the magic of comic books.The technical merits of the film are interesting.  Fully rendered comic book panels are rendered into CGI animation, and proves an interesting watch.  Moreover actually bringing the actual comic book experience to life, so to speak, perhaps not to ironically enough, shows how rediculous some of the stories actually are, and exposes the time twisting that comic book artists and story tellers use to convey their psychological message.  Think about how much time has passed in all four episodes of this saga, and think about Loki's resolution to his own dilemma.Not bad, really, but not amazingly good.  If you're into comic books, then this should entertain.  Otherwise I'd skip it.
I have grown tired of the series.  I will not finish it.
I actually wanted to like this one, and I kind of did, at first. The story of a couple guys pushing their new, potentially revolutionary idea into the tech market was interesting. There were some funny parts, but not as much as I would have liked. I was enjoying this pilot half-way through until I realized it's basically the merger of "The Big Bang Theory," and "The Social Network." You got a group of hyper-intelligent guys (Big Bang Theory) and they have an awesome idea that will probably make them millions, (Social Network). Even some of the characters are suspiciously similar.Realizing this, I just couldn't get back into the show. It feels like I'm being pandered to and I hate it. "Hey! You know those things that are really popular right now? Let's imitate that!"I just wish some of these pilots would have taken a chance and do something different instead of retread ground.Despite my bitching, I would probably watch one or two more episodes and hope that it will deviate from what we're already familiar with. But as it is, I'm pretty disappointed.
We have watched several episodes of this show and I think its okay but its not one that draws my 3 year old son (and he loves animals).  I'm not sure if its the story line, the voices or what but something is amiss for us.  On the other hand, he loves 'Oswald' and 'Little Bill.'
I guess movie writers and studio exec's think the public are niave or stupid.  Half way through the movie you knew what was coming, very, very predictable.  The only saving grace of this movie was the ending; but then again we as vieweres have seen so many &#34;dream sequences&#34; in both movie and tv, that ending wasn't a surprise either.  Solid acting but here in lies another problem, the characters were not well rounded so you felt no connection to them.  Are we left to pity this Doctor or empathize with him???  Is it business as usual?  I'm sorry, I like Orlando Bloom but this movie is flat from start to finish./
It still amazes me how little people prepare themselves for making what is probably the biggest investment in their lifetime. They worry about little things like the color of paint, or cleaning the carpet. One couple liked the look of ivy climbing up a cinder block wall which faced their back yard. It didn't bother them that the wall was part of the industrial building next door. They didn't stop to realize that the price of the house, which was lower than typical for that street, had a reason. The higher priced houses were farther down the street from the factory, Other people liked the furnishings, or other items in a house, which normally do not go with the sale of the house unless those items are in a separate personal property sale agreement. Finally, I don't know many people who purchase a house after looking at only three houses.  This program has too much repeating of names, locations, and other facts, and in general is a poorly made time filler.  When I was a sales person, if I made as many errors in a sales presentation as most of the agents in this program do I would have starved and quickly gone out of business.  Buyers don't care what a sales person likes as the term, &#34;I like...&#34; is used over and over again during the sales presentations. The buyers were also about as competent as the sales person as they lacked basic knowledge and common sense.
I really want to like this pilot more since I seem to get hooked on most apocalyptic dramas, but despite the end of the world setting I just didn't get sucked-in to the story introduced in the pilot.I would definitely like to see a couple more episodes just to see where the writer was going with the chaos in the pilot, but if the show doesn't make it to that point I will not be extremely surprised.  One thing that bothers me in particular is the choice to reveal all of the characters shared birthdays casually in the kitchen and then move on immediately.  The pacing in the pilot starts out well, but once they get out of the garage there is another episode or two of plot crammed in to the second half of the pilot.Also, the main character gets a huge steel gate dropped on her ankle and then gets trampled by a crowd but she seems to remain completely uninjured.  Why put her through trauma if she doesn't show any suffering?  I understand she is a strong female lead, and she is beautiful and French, but that wasn't enough for me to allow myself not to notice how she reacts to what she's supposed to be going through.Despite all of that I would still like to see a little bit more, because I get the feeling that the creators of the show have a sort of epic journey planned for future episodes.
Though it was interesting was a little confusing, bounced around too much, hard to keep up an interest in the story
Even the Mystery Science cast can't make this movie worth watching. It has got to be one of the worst ever.
There is a great moment in this particular episode.There is a scene where one of the faux mountain men is working at his sawmill. They claim the sawmill is water powered. The whole premise of the show being that these "mountain men" are living a subsistance life in the hills by the old ways.Not only do they show that the generator is so small that it cannot possibly power the sawmill, they actually show the gasoline engine that does power the sawmill in the background. Its right there connected with belts to the sawmill.I know what reality television is. But when they give up the basics of even trying for a suspension of disbelief, its all just kind of sad. Their audience would not have thought any less of a guy running an old gas-powered sawmill and when people finally figure out that they are being treated like fools, they tend to all walk away at once.
John Goodman played my favorite character of all time, Walter Sobchak, so this pilot caught my attention above some of the others. Unfortunately, it's not very funny. It just seems to be a lot of "Aren't Republicans dumb? Isn't that funny how dumb they are?" jokes. I'm not partisan at all but funny is funny, and this wasn't.
lets face it both parties were wrong on the one hand cheating is wrong and I don't condone it but on the other hand her husband didn't help matters by ignoring her, rejecting her sexually, forgetting her birthday, and complaining bout not cooking to her mom both parties were at fault not just one and the character paid for her misdeeds in the end.
The title says it all.  I stopped watching this only 10 minutes in.  Immature is a step up for these teachers.  Totally unbelievable and not very funny. Not interested in seeing anymore.
&lt;strong>The Shrine&lt;/strong> (Jon Knautz, 2010)&lt;em>The Shrine&lt;/em>, the second feature from &lt;em>Jack Brooks: Monster Slayer&lt;/em> director Knautz, was actually a lot better than I thought it would be; after all, it came from the guy who gave the world &lt;em>Jack Brooks: Monster Slayer&lt;/em>. Which is not to say it's a mind-numbingly great movie, but as far as being a run-of-the-mill supernatural horror flick set in Eastern Europe, it holds its own well enough.Plot: three investigative journalists (&lt;em>Smallville&lt;/em>'s Aaron Ashmore, &lt;em>Supernatural&lt;/em>'s Cindy Sampson, and &lt;em>Chloe&lt;/em>'s Meghan Heffern) travel deep into the Eastern European countryside to substantiate claims of a human sacrifice in a remote village. When they get there, they find things are a bit more complicated than that--but that may not stop them from becoming the next victims.It's actually a pretty fun little movie, with a decent effects budget (that was well-used) and a script that aimed at turning a lot of horror-movie clich&eacute;s on their collective head. One more rewrite to come up with inventive ways around a few nasty plot holes would have been a good thing, and I wasn't terribly convinced by a lot of the acting; this is what happens when you try to lure teen audiences by pulling from CW shows. Still, horror aficionados who are sick of the same old thing may want to give this one a whistle, because even if it's predictable, it's at least going to take the predictability into the opposite side of the playground each time it can. ***
It's an okay show to enjoy the stories of other persons that may have experienced what they have experienced at that time
the plot is implausible, the characters unlikable, and the acting terrible. I've tried to watch this show, but it ain't no Breaking Bad nor is it the Sopranos. I think the viewer is supposed to be rooting for the SOA, but actually I just want all of them to go to jail for a very long time and take Gemma, the doctor, and all the other girlfriends and wives with them. Every episode repeats itself. The SOA do something wrong, the police suspect they are involved, it looks they are going to get caught, but then the police do something stupid and the SOA do something clever, and in the end they get away with whatever heinous criminal act they've committed. It is the same for the next episode and the next and the next. Oh and often there is a shoot out between the SOA and another biker group, but every time no one from the SOA gets away unscathed and someone from the other group gets killed. Wow! The police and the FBI/ATF are so incompetent or corrupt that it sometimes feels like I'm watching a comedy. I've made it over halfway through the first season and really questioning whether I should continue. Does this show actually get better? Why all the rave reviews?
Mutant Chronicles finally makes its way to DVD, and despite some negative press surrounding it, the film as a whole isn't so bad at all.  Taking place in the distant future where Earth is run by four warring corporations, a race of mutants is awakened and begins laying waste to everything and everyone in sight.  Spiritual elder Brother Samuel (Ron "Hellboy" Perlman) thinks he knows how to lead humanity to salvation, so he gathers a crew of soldiers for a suicide mission.  Most notably among them are Thomas Jane (The Mist, Hung) as rugged soldier Mitch Hunter, and Sin City's Devon Aoki; and they all make their descent to save the world.  While Mutant Chronicles is capably directed and features CGI effects that range from halfway decent to Sci-Fi Channel (or is it ScyFy Channel now?) quality, the film's biggest flaw lies in its pacing.  The first half of the film is sadly boring, but it does manage to pick itself up for the second half, and doesn't let go as the film races towards its conclusion.  Jane and Perlman are good, and despite the dim lighting, there are some fairly decent action scenes to be found here.  All in all, Mutant Chronicles isn't anything special in the least, but it is definitely worth a look for sci-fi/action fans at the very least.
It's an okay show.  The actors did a great job it's just that the story was a bit slow.  i watched the first season hoping it would get better but it didn't and i decided not to watch the second season.  the show is focused on the late 50s and I guess back then the Prime Minister's office had a huge influence on what was reported on the news and what wasn't.  To me I found this most fascinating and it made me wonder how much of it was true today, not only in England but in the States as well.
It just isn't a show for me. I could barely finish it. This may be a show that others enjoy.
I like the scripts but am not sure about the lead actor..sometimes I like his acting but I think it would be betterif he was a little more sarcastic. I know he has gottenvery wise in mind and body but with knowledge comes asense of humor and I would love to see him go just a littlebit more into what he is hinting at now...just a little more sarcasticafter all he has earned that no matter how grounded he hasbecome...The scripts are full of it I just wish he would take a littlemore advantage with the delivery..It needs that ZING!!! Forgiving isfine but complacent is just too much to ask..I'm thinking..But that's just me..
Wow, this show has some great potential. But... there are several issues that I think need to be addressed before it is ready for a series pickup.First, the pacing. It moves far too slowly for a show in this genre. Too much time spent on things that have nothing to do with moving the plot forward nor advancing any of the character arcs. That really needs to be tightened up &#8212; a much higher percentage of action/forward momentum.Second, several of the characters seem stereotyped to me. The female cop is nearly a carbon copy of the police woman in the recent series Under The Dome (they even look the same). The hard-fighting, hard-drinking, hard-womanizing Irishman is also sort of a bore &#8212; seen it way too many times.Third, I believe some recasting is in order. I'm just not feeling the actress who plays the French woman at all. She simply doesn't have much screen presence, and thus it's impossible for me to care about her character one iota. I'd also recast the role of the hooker, to someone with a little more acting chops.On the plus side, I did like Aldis Hodge a lot. And Adrian Pasdar is very much in his element as the sleazy lawyer (which again, is such a trope, but I'm hoping there's more to his character behind that stereotype).But I do hope this gets some thorough revisions/fixes, because there was quite a bit that I was intrigued by, and I'd really like to see what Chris Carter does with the show &#8212; just not in its current state.
I blame comedies like this for the &#34;dumbing down&#34; of America.  Maybe I'm just not in the mainstream audience category.  I thought the premise might be good - about a pro-football team - like the show Necessary Roughness.  But, here the humor wasn't funny.  My responses to many scenes were &#34;what a stupid stereotype&#34; and &#34;how can anyone be so dumb&#34;.  I don't think we need another tv series like this.  Either that, or get new writers and producers.
Helpless characters, diabolical governmental controls.  Too menacing for me to enjoy.  Then again, if you are still looking for the other shooter on the grassy knoll in Dallas you might like it.
The show should have only ran 6 seasons. After the sixth season the shows writing and acting seemed forced. The jokes were old, and the show is just terrible. The seventh season was slow, but season 8 was terrible. I am going to stop watching after this season.
I.......................................  could have been an &#34;actor&#34;. darn............  I think maybe comparted to them , a method actor. TO think I watched a whole 4 mins.
This is one of those programs I watch when I can't sleep. It fills the time and ghost stories are always fun.
Was probably one of my favorite pilots. Great cast. Although John Goodman was the only one who really stood out. The rest sort of just melted in the background. The plot was a little predictable. I enjoyed the fact that this isn't a straight up comedy. I thought of it as more of a lighthearted drama.The show has potential. Don't know if I'd keep watching it though, as I'm not really big into politics.
Honestly! Can we have a different story line than terrorist, mole in organization, rotten government..blah, blah. Will I keep watching? Yes, still have two more seasons to go. Jack almost gets a little pathetic, perhaps that doesn't help. After watching both this and MI-5, I prefer MI-5. More emotion, more attachment to characters and better story development.
Started out great and built up wonderfully, then the plot got a little ridiculous towards the end. The acting however made it easy to suspend disbelief. Great great actors.
Watched this expecting some decent acting and some decent action, not because of the user reviews but because of the stock Amazon review, but all I got were some pointless brutal killings over small potatoes. The so-called &#34;great reviews&#34; are also misleading. You probably might watch it anyway, to see for yourself, but believe me, you'll wish you had that time back. This film is boring, has a convoluted storyline and seems pretty disjointed. All in all, a waste of time. Really, just a story of different mobsters jockeying for position and pointlessly and carelessly beating and killing everyone and each other along the way. But don't expect any martial arts, there isn't any. There's some bitch-slapping, some beatings (that you don't really see all that well), too many point-blank gunshots, stilted dialog. In this film, everyone is corrupt, even the cops. Predictably boring finale as well. Just a bunch of grown men acting like punks. Pass this one by.
Playback is a B-Horror film that in a sense is nothing more than a new take on the Amityville Horror. Instead of a demon possessing a house, the demon in this film, keeps his spirit alive on videotape, and when someone sees the tape, they become the next possessed killer. The story was entertaining but wasn't really anything new or extraordinary and the same can be said about the cast. The cast, led by The Covenant's Toby Hemingway, wasn't one of the most talented casts I've ever seen, but they may have been the best looking. There are some really good looking people in this film, and believe it or not, it helps to keep your attention. The film is a little dull and predictable at times, but there is always something nice to look at. This movie isn't original and won't shock or surprise you, but it may just entertain you for a couple hours and it will most certainly have your eyes glued to the screen.
First of all is outdated, many years back many people made small, and big, fortunes. This is like a crashing course on how to make yourself rich by dealing and selling drugs. Individuals that appear in the film claim to have made a lot of money in this business. They all are proud of their hey days, and let you know. Weird tittle, almost like baiting the innocent want to be dealer to get into the action. Video and audio a little less than ideal, but overall if one is into the subject matter then it is entertaining enough. 3.5 Stars.
stream quality was poor and pixelated.  Show paused and froze many times, also requiring me to make a hard restart of my system just to get system working again.  Not sure why, but for now we are staying away from some of these, as much as we like them but they are freezing my Wii completely making it unresponsive.
Got the concept - apps, techies, cool nerds, but the show is boring, slow and predicable... And the supposedly shocking and offensive materials just bring it down more.
I watched this film despite the small rating because the idea interested me. I found several plot holes yes, the acting was good and true which helped "maintain" an atmosphere of tension and suspense. I also kept wondering what it could be. If you are going to watch this film just to bash it up if you find flaws, don't watch it. If you're watching and going to keep your brain aside and just be prepared for the ride, you will enjoy it like I did. ATM will make for a good "watch at home" film for many years to come. Funnily in the first fifteen minutes I thought it was going to be one heck of a great film. Do watch if you're curious.
I'm a huge fan of "24" however I must say that whoever wrote the 2-3 line synopses of the Season 6 epidosdes should ask for his or her money back from whatever institution of higher learning they attended.  The introductory sentences that tell about each new episode on the roster should really give some good information about what's in that segment and it can be done by almost anyone who learned even the basics of writing in grammar school. I can't imagine that Amazon and the people who produce "24" would allow some imbecile to degrade their work even with something as small as this.
Not good.  From the hood accent females to the blatant political incorrectness (which I wish was funny, but missed the mark) to the odd storyline (mall workers moonlighting as international artifact hunters?) to the contrite villains, this was not good.  Nice try, but try again.  REDLIGHT
Young guy with new, bold ideas taking conducting over from the older, traditional guy.  Jealousies, anger, young guy getting the ladies.  The only thing different here is the setting.  Nice to hear the music.  Not sure if this is a series worthy idea.  Perhaps a mini series.  Although, there are so many orchestral pieces to choose from...it could go on forever.  I expect him to take on the personalities of the composers he conducts for.  Crazy Mozart...staid Bach..  That, I would watch.
This show doesn't really do it for me. I like the artwork, voices, special effects. But, its all pot humor. I can't relate. Where are the cubicles? The story isn't really gripping in any sense, its a barrage of so-so jokes hoping something sticks. I really wanted this to work but nope.
I enjoyed the show & feel it could develop into a good series.  The acting was decent & if they develop the characters, it could be a winner.
Doesn't have all the typical inconsistencies and mediocre dialog as most TV, but this is starting out as a very slow series.  I fear an overly complicated puzzle conspiracy that will only be partially resolved by the end.  That's a big time investment for me.
Season 10, they killed off some of the supporting cast, and that didn't bode well for the whole Israeli set of plot devices.Come Season 11, and I don't think it's a secret Zhiva David(sp?) is gone, secretarty of the navy gone, a lot of house cleaning and nothing backfilling it at the moment.I can certainly understand and sympathize with the process, but take too long doing it and you risk losing you audience as you come out with a lot of filler... Hour long sessions of sweeping the floor.Coupled with the amazing body count the cast has racked up over the year (stretching believability), and... well, I dunno at this point it's like hospicing a friend with Alzheimer's.  You focus on the good memories and there are still moments, but it's getting thinner and thinner all the time.Add on that they are going to throw in a 2 episode New Orleans based &#34;spin-off&#34; episode to this season and you have to think they're running out of gas or at least need to refocus on their audience and start delivering again.
What is it with so many incoherent screenplays these days?  This guy tries to survive slowly going insane in a creepy apartment because if he lasts long enough, he can have it to live in.  Okay...and it ends ironically and rather predictably. What is the point?
I think the writers are running out of ideas. After season two they seem to be concentrating on fewer characters and dragging out the story line. I don't find myself looking forward to the next episode.
teen age boys talk about sex all the time. not alpha males. small confined work space no privacy or quiet.
Pompeii tells the story of a slave-turned-gladiator finds himself trapped in a city being destroyed by a volcano.The biggest issue I  have with the movie is that it isn't sure what exactly it wants to be... It is a gladiator remake, a love story, or a disaster movie.  The visual effects and scenery are well done and the city detail was done very well but  the plot of the movie seems to be a combo remake of Gladiator and Titanic which seems to muddle both stories especially considering we all know the volcano blows up and destroys the whole city and everyone in it.The special effects are done well though especially when it comes to the volcano and the destruction of the city at the end of the movie.The movie is ok to watch with its disaster type situation that makes it interesting enough to entertain you but the generic love story and Roman versus Horseman subplot make this movie lesser than the sum of its parts.
If TV is bad and other instant movies not available, this is a reasonably good substitute. Story line is somewhat weak and the actors are about the same.  In total a fair time killer.
This is quite a departure for what we used to know as History Channel programming.  I am open to new ideas, but this series often goes so far off the deep end as to be unwatchable.  This is season 3.  There are now into season 5.  5 SEASONS of this.
Of all the 14 Amazon Original Pilots, DARK MINIONS shows the most promise. Though not bust-a-gut funny, it was amusing and entertaining enough for me to come back and sample an episode or two to see what the show feels like when it finally comes into its own.
Slightly better than average cop procedural with an emphasis on the brooding, spare characterizations often a part of the Connelly novels.  While unique and atmospheric, it makes for a plodding, slow television experience.  Camera placement and scene blocking also raised a few eyebrows, as in a few cases it felt amateurish and faux arty.I'll attribute it to pilot jitters.  Not great, not bad.
Oh boy, I can see where it goes from here! These women are being mean girls. I don't know if it's because they don't like working together but are doing it for the show or what. Now, Kyle needs to get real with herself. Really? You are going to act like everyone is ganging up on you because people in the press are classifying your husband as a cheater? There is some truth in the tabloids. It may not all be true but they published that story for a reason! Kyle, it would be wise to stop throwing stones when you live in a glass house. No one can talk about your situation but clearly you are being a bully with the Wiccan. I hope she tears you a new one lol!I don't know, maybe Kyle isn't intentionally a bully but she surely comes off that way. How rude of her to make fun of that woman's child's name....I'm going to try and finish out the season but this show is getting old..
The movie was very boring, not enough good in it to watch.  Definitely different from all the other Tyler Perry movies that is for certain.  Would not watch it again or even recommend it to anyone.
If you can get past the potential "ick" factor (I could) this is actually a pretty decent movie directed by Frenchy, Anne Fontaine.  Gorgeously photographed in an unnamed coastal city in Australia, the story begins with 2 young girls who grow up as neighbors and best friends.  As adults, Lil (Naomi Watts) and Roz (Robin Wright) each marry and have boys at about the same time.The meat of the film deals with, the still close women of about 40, as they begin to secretly ogle each other's 19 year old offspring who are also best friends.  Frankly, if these were men of the same age checking out daughters, I'm not so sure we would think too much about it other than...well it's my best friends kid.Lil is a widow by now and Roz is still married to Harold (Ben Mendelsohn) who is a university professor.  He is taking a new job in Sidney, some hours away and of course wants the whole family to move.  Roz and son Tom (James Frecheville) aren't keen on the idea.  Roz is smitten with Lil's son Ian (Xavier Samuel) after he hits on her.  Tom, sees the aftermath and partially out of revenge seduces a reluctant but willing Lil.  And they all fall for each other.  Let's get a couple things out of the way now.  Both of these guys look like Olympic swimmers, only better looking and the two moms would make Playboy centerfolds envious.  While there are several sexy couplings, it is never overly graphic, shot with soft lenses.Eventually Roz decides she must break it off and Lil agrees.  This leads to more drama as you could imagine.  While I admit I thought the film was pleasantly erotic, it does kind of play out as an upscale soap opera or one of those made-for-ladies romantic novels.  The performances are very good especially Ms. Wright.  These Aussie guys don't fit the mold of guys their age as run of the mill horn toads.  They aren't just in for the ride.  They really care about the women and regularly shun ladies their own age.  Recommended.The Blu ray transfer has a 2.40:1 aspect ratio and a 1080p video resolution.  It looks beautiful.  The blue ocean meeting the tan beaches is sparklingly clear and gorgeous.  There are no artifacts or other visual issues.  Just great.  The audio likewise is near perfect.  Not a film you would expect to get much surround treatment, it is still excellent with the DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 audio option.  Mostly just wind and waves, the dialog is crystal clear.  There are English SDH and Spanish subtitles but no special features.
Surprising to see robin williams in this role,as a single parent push over dad of a 15 year old boy who's death is staged by dad.. ok flick but a bit over the edge.Not sure why the end of the movie has the dad nude in pool diving board scene- kinda weird as is the flick.
but pace is slow from time to time....not anything I'm anxious to keep watching...if they are trying to compete with Game of Thrones, they lose
Wow it's amazing how many of us were in the middle of season 4 when they did this.I had just discovered Damages finally the week they decided to make the change.I was all the way through episode 8 of season 4 when I went to bed, next day I get up, go to work, and come home to finish up and bam no more Prime watching of Season 4.I was really surprised.I have been a Prime member for right around 3 years now, way before the Prime videos, and I push it a lot to a lot of people I work with because there are some advantages if you use them.But WOW, Prime came back to bite me on this one, as lame as it sounds this is my biggest let down with Prime, mainly because I have had such good luck with them the past 3 years.As someone who purchases no less than 30-40 PAGES of orders each year that's not too bad.But they should have given us warning, something.
I love the show and watched every single one. This cast was good but I grew too interested in the previous ensemble of actors. They really throw you into whats going on and what people have to experience. The focus was always on how they helped and supported each other and what happened after the crisis. Life carried on and they bared witness to each other's lives.
This was an interesting show.  I chose this because I love Gold Rush and had heard of another Alaska Gold show.  Wow, there is definetly a difference in the two programs.  I gave this program  3 stars because at times I found myself really angry with the people and it was making my life miserable.  If you enjoy watching a dumb  _ _ _ screaming at the people that are trying to help you, then you'd like it.  This program shows several different groups of people using a &#34;diving&#34; method of a what I'd call a &#34;duck taped&#34; piece of wood or metal &#34;1/2 put together&#34; crap boat.  They dive down into the Bering Sea and use a powerful hose to suck up dirt, rocks and gold.  I am impressed however with all the gold that they bring up versus the TV show Gold Rush.  Some of these guys are getting amounts of gold in a DAY'S work, compared to the amount of all the gold that's found in ONE Season on Gold Rush.  These are definetly desperate people that don't have any quams about trying to &#34;get rich quick.&#34; This show films several groups of people; a father and son team, that are the only ones that actually have one of the nicest boats. they have an actual excavator on the boat to dig for gold and run it through their sluice boxes.  This team seems to get the most gold, but with all their equipment they have, they apparently have a ton of debt to pay off first.  Then you have this idiot guy who can not get along with anyone.  At the end of the show, the man that fronted the boat and equipment for this guy ends up FINALLY firing him and they actually get into a fight on the last show.  The others are a young man and women, the women of which doesn't know much about diving and freaks out every time, obviously not getting much work done.  And you find out that this other &#34;excentric&#34; guy that works only when he wants to, is this girls father. Yikes, some crazy people.  All in all, the good and the bad keep you wanting to watch it to see how much gold these people can get.  But at the same time if you can laugh off all the fighting and bleeped out (every other) words without getting frustrated and wanting to reach through the TV to strangle some of these people, then this is the show for you! Sorry can't recommend it to anyone unless you enjoy this kind of stuff.
I love Inspector Lewis and Hathaway--yes, he is rather dishy.  I actually enjoy this series more than I did Morse.  Lewis is much more approachable and the relationship between the mentoring relationship Lewis has to Hathaway is very well done and believable.My complaint with the streaming version is -- WHERE'S THE PILOT EPISODE????  I really hate coming in partway into the story.  I know the pilot is available on the DVD, so why not on the streaming version?
This drama never gets off the ground. The plot is so creaky Burns found it necessary to offer a &#34;Story behind the Scene&#34; . Sloppy filmmaking. I'm thinking that after his '90s hits, Burns has exhausted himself on the subject. An uncomfortable waste of time.
Love John Goodman as always.  Entertaining slant on congress.  Look forward to seeing rest of episodes.  Have not watched all of show.
We started watching this show but just couldn't continue with the series.  It's very dark and depressing.  Nothing good happens, only bad.  They try to stop the killings but it just continues.  Kevin Bacon is good in his role and the characters are well developed.
A very murky and convoluted show filled with things nothing but darkness.  Uh-huh.  I am done finished with this!!!!!!!! BYE
I liked it but it would have been better in a cartoon because then the experience needed for the kids invention wouldn't have to be explain that much.
It's a fine film. It has a good actress which i like. But it misses so much action. it is rather boring then fascinating. It has a good graphics in some parts of the movie, while in others you easily can see, aliens don't seem very real. It's not a bad movie, it just misses a few things. I don't find it to be a waste of time. So try it before you say it is bad. Some people might find it good, while others say it is boring. Definitely, give it a try before saying a word or two.
This is one "horror" that fails to deliver on all counts.  While there was a brief period in the first half when I thought the film contained a substantial amount of atomsphere that I'd probably be able to end up giving the movie 3 stars, unfortunately it never improves.  The nonsensical communication between the two main characters ends up wandering WAY too long and thus, completely destroys all potential this movie had.  I fully expectd an improvement in storytelling to eventually occur but, again, it never comes.  Basically other than the surprise ending, the Innkeepers disappoints.It's about the character of Sara Paxton roaming around a hotel with a haunted history.  She apparently works there at night.  A computer-obsessed geeky guy plays the role of the second biggest character and he works behind the counter... I guess.  He spends most of his time on the computer or sleeping upstairs so his job is really easy.  He's more like an arrogant know-it-all that never wins me over that's for sure, whereas Sara is more of a curious almost jaunty teenager constantly on the alert and jumping around at the slightest bumps she encounters in the night.  The other characters that occasionally enter the picture (such as the old woman in the room upstairs and the curious old man that wants a specific room because it contains memories) never accomplish anything meaningful and simply feel tacked on for the sake of character diversity.Well apparently this old hotel is haunted, so Sara spends all her time walking around exploring at least half of the rooms.  Most of her time is spent in the main room downstairs.  However, the problem is that (despite a complete lack of atomsphere and horror of course) on several occasions, Sara and the geeky guy basically mock the supposed hauntings taking place here, and the scene with the two of them pretending to investigate a real haunting only to hide under the sheets and rise like a ghost was the breaking point for me- the Innkeepers HAS to be 2 stars.  If you're going to mock horror *in* a supposed horror movie, you're going to fail miserably.  Simple as that.The little bit of blood and suspense during the final 10 minutes isn't the least bit frightening either.  The surprise at the end *is* pretty good at least.  Unfortunately by that point, you have to sit through over 80 minutes of boring, plotless nonsense so overall it really is a dud of a film.  Avoid.
Hard to rate such an open-ended story after just one episode, but I would have watched more if they were available. I liked the premise and I liked the characters. The acting was solid, but no way to tell this early whether the writers will lose their way with the story (e.g. Lost). Also, if you're going to use adult language you need to use adult violence. Plenty of us have seen the real deal. You can't have people driving vehicles through crowds of people and shotgun fire-fights without carnage.
I waited eagerly for this film to come out.  The book was fabulous on so many levels. It asked thought provoking questions about the relationship between men and women, women and women, and humans and animals and it even included questions for discussion at the end. Everything that was intriguing or thought provoking in the book is missing. What replaces it is are shots of Scarlett Johansson staring into space, with and without clothes. Seriously, that is a major part of the film. This film goes beyond slow to tedious. The only thing that kept me watching was the hope that the story I'd read would suddenly burst forth...it never happened. You might as well turn off the volume and treat it as an abstract art film.Perhaps the biggest initial turn-off was the choice of Johansson. In the book, Isserley was not a beautiful woman, having been (painfully) engineered to feature the large breasts that would cause men to leer at a plain girl with the thick glasses she required to see on earth. That fact made the culling of the hunky men she chose much more palatable. They were to a large extent the victim of their intentions to use someone. The objectification of women was a large part of the story. Isserley was also constantly reflecting on her environment. Her alien insights were intriguing, something not captured by the dull stares they were replaced with in the film.In the end, what takes the place of depth and story line is a very slow and repetitive movie interspersed with a bit of fancy CGI. A group of alien men on motorcycles occasionally zip around to clean up any details left behind by her abductions but that is as action oriented as it gets. Forget this one...I already have.
Just to raw and dirty for me.  Maybe it's a young person thing but I would rather go have my teeth clean than watch another episode, one was more than enough. At some point in your life you find that septic tank humor fails to shock or make you laugh.
( Don't think so but could be a spoiler) I read the reviews and couldn't believe the movie was that bad I didn't rent  I paid for for the blu-ray, I would say bad mistake but yet I'm glad I did, the reason Scarlett Johansson in front of a full body mirror only in her birthday suit. The movie itself was crap, the story went nowhere fast, nothing explained at the beginning why they were here. If they were going to take over the human race, they sucked at it. They had no superpower no tect, her only job was to pickup men, as good looking as she is, had a hard time doing that. If you are a Johansson fan Buy don't rent. If not you can't say the one stars didn't try to tell you.
It was a ok movie, not sure I will watch it again but it was a ok movie.  I like these kinds of movies.
The acting was fine, and it was well shot, but it was very VERY slow and there were no laughs. I didn't care about the characters or what they were doing. If it gets picked up, I am not going to be watching. Not worth free.
not a fan. daughter didnt sit still long enought to really get a grib on what this is all about
This is a notable episode because it marks the end of four years of pointless digging. In season one, self-confessed morphine addict Jack Hoffman started rather aimlessly digging a hole in Alaska. His mining technique was to rather aimlessly dig shallow holes with an excavator and test the results. Based on a tiny bit of gold being found in one hole, he and the TV announcers claimed that they were on the trail of a million-dollar pile of gold at the bottom of the hole.It didn't matter that the spot to dig seemed to have been at random. It didn't matter that what they were doing made no particular sense economically or as mining. All that mattered was digging the hole deeper.Four seasons later, the hole was 130 feet or so deep and had yielded a marginal amount of gold. But certainly not enough to pay the expenses of digging it out and running pumps to keep the water out.And finally in this episode, they gave up. The hole would go no deeper.All credit to Dakota Fred Hurt. He managed to get paid for nearly four seasons of television work aimlessly digging a hole. He kind of showed that the way to make money in this "gold rush" is to talk big, look busy but do as little work as you can get away with. With enough phony drama, you can get a bigger television audience to watch people dig a hole than you could for all the nature and science programming that used to be on the discovery channel.My hope is that next season they find a new can-do guy like maybe "Nugget Brain" Wayne to go back to the hole with rock drills and explosives to get down deeper where that million dollars of gold has to be. Four seasons and 130 feet just is not enough.
Chris Carter knows how to make good cinema... especially for TV consumption. The After offers some promising plot lines as the &#34;eight&#34; prepare for heaven's knows what... and therein lies the problem, the &#34;heavens knows what.&#34; An engaging premise for the chaotic surroundings is absent... in spite of the fear such brings to the leads, there had to be some form of explanation at the close of this pilot to ensure continued interest by the viewer. That, quite simply, was lacking&#8212;there's no cause for continued watching&#8212;viewers need to feel some form of empathy to continue to engage interest in the characters. Perhaps there are too many of them, perhaps they are too similar, but there's no perhaps over the fact that the conditions do not drive additional interest in this potential series. Carter can do far better than this...
I couldn't even get all the way through it. I was not impressed at all. They should toss this one.
I think the online price for this was high; however, I am glad I did not pay to see this in a theater.  It was plodding and the only value in watching was some of the special effects and costumes.  I doubt if this film will be in theaters long.
I don't know if I ever received this product so I can't comment on the quality of it. will have to check it out
This movie was not so good, acting was not so good, loud music throughout the movie could not hear the actors, this movie looked like a B movie so since of realism.
This was a memorable season for the show, revealing a lot of tension.  I am not sure, however, how satisfying it was.  Yes, I'm giving the season three stars and they produced quality work.  However, while I am enjoying the events, I'm not sure that I'm enjoying the characters.  I find myself in the odd position of not being sure if humanity -- as represented by the main characters -- is worth saving.  All of these people are deeply flawed.  I don't feel actual respect for any of them.  Of course, they are in a situation like none in which I have been, so perhaps I'm being overly harsh.Battlestar Galactica is a decent show.  The actors for the most part do their jobs well and the individual stories are interesting.  I'm just finding myself questioning whether I should be rooting for the enemy... or for anyone at all.
Nothing to really say except more Bill F***ing Murray! Without him as a regular, this is a big turkey. I like all of the actors, but the comedy seems very forced - like it would make a great SNL skit, but anything longer gives the viewer time to realize that the concept is very 1980s.
I was stunned to see that this film was made by Barry Levinson, the man behind such movies as DINER, RAIN MAN, GOOD MORNING VIETNAM and THE NATURAL. This just didn't seem like the sort of film he would make. Granted it rises above most films like this but still it just felt odd.The movie is a combination of found footage and ecological horror film. The town of Chesapeake Bay, Maryland, has something happening to the water supply. Apparently a combination of fertilizer run off combined with radiation and then being dumped into the bay only to have that water become the source of drinking water for the town results in the mishap. What follows is found footage after the government shuts down the town now a location of little more than dead bodies and pollution.When the movie works it is actually due to the found footage design chosen by Levinson to reveal the story. It's not about select people though there are a few characters that we become enamored of before learning what happens to them. The footage is combinations of home movies, news footage and more that explain what people were going through and how things changed in the town. When added together it makes for a horrifying possible series of events that becomes a tad scary towards the conclusion when the last people to arrive on the docks show up.The weak parts of the film are the belief that this would happen to this extent and that the government could actually cover up the disappearance of an entire town, especially since this is a summer resort where people from across the country would likely show up. If you can suspend your belief on these two items then you might enjoy this nature gets revenge type film. If you think that this is too extreme and left your ecology flag back in the sixties then you might not enjoy it near as much.
Season 1 was simply fantastic. This is slightly a let-down. Probably because the novelty has worn off slightly. As we know Earl is a no-good guy who discovers Karma and decides to undo some wrong things he has done in the past. The persona of Earl is still very sweet and maybe one positive thing is that the episodes are somewhat less aggressive in tone than sometimes in the first season but it is nevertheless not as great.
If you haven't purchased this yet, don't bother. As another reviewer wrote, Season 2 was probably the best, but it was slowly downhill from there. This season hit the bottom. Minimal effort on all fronts.
Neil Jordan's Ondine starring the always dependable Colin Farrell and the enchanting Polish actress.The 1st 3 quarter of the film was captivating with the suitable Irish background and mystery.It fell apart at the final quarter.  It became nothing but a routine eastern mafia smuggling alien to a foreigncountry plot which destroyed all the foregoing mystery and enchantment.A very disappointing recent effort from Neil Jordan.
This in no way is a horror movie.  I finally got a chance to watch it for free and it stunk worse than a dead road kill on a hot New Mexico day.  Best advice is to stay away from this movie unless you want to watch a man handcuffed for days and when he's released by his best friend he forgives him as if it never took place. I would have been pissed and started kicking some backside. I'm awarding this movie the worst D- rated movie of 2013.
I thought this was a series of movies not the actual show. This was a mistake I was expecting a movie.
Given time this could be a good show.  I wasn't blown away by the first episode and I'm not sure this will make it past the first year.  Is it better than Defying Gravity or Almost Human?  So far I would have to say no due to slow plotting and questionable writing.  I love Sci-Fi so lets hope this is given a chance to grow.
You don't really care what happens to the characters - - everyone is so flat.  The main character frowns a lot, looks at the same object over and over, no emotion at all.  Somehow I watched the whole thing, waiting for something to happen.  You never think &#34;I can't wait to see what happens&#34; because you don't really get involved if everything is so disconnected.  I can't imagine there being a second season for this.
They had a chance to grow, and either the older cast or writers couldn't decide on a direction. I liked the new girl and her mother. I thought that would be a good start but they did a terrible job of focusing on the new actors, and held onto what wasn't there. The actors that moved to New York were good and they could make a series of their own but the old &#34;Glee,&#34; went out on a fizzle to me.
This started out okay, but became aimless after the middle.  The most attractive character is a murderer who kills his girlfriend's spouse (prior to meeting her).  It's just tedious.
Not sure about this one. Didn't do enough to provide a backstory to whats going on. The scene where D hands over his hostage was just awkward. The supernatural element would make me think there was promise and I'd give it a couple more episodes, but it would have to pick up pretty fast.
Although the premise is intriguing, I found the writing to be really sub-par.  I couldn't get pulled into the storylines and found all of the characters to be quite forgettable.
This movie didn't strike a nerve with me. It seemed to drag. Others may enjoy it tremendously. Suggest you go ahead and watch at least part and make up your own mind.
stupid show, stupid plots, some actors made it fun, sort of.who bought this thing for the network?  Are they still employed?
You can't be serious. This was awful. Turned off after 5 minutes. Geared to an adolescent humor level. Nuffield said.
I know I'm &#34;supposed&#34; to like thew characters of Harvey and Mike best, but Louis Litt is my favorite just because he's so weird and sometimes evil.  However, the newness is wearing off & I'm getting bored with the Harvey who can do no wrong and Mike who can do no right routine.  I wish they'd develop those characters more.
Not horrible just another take on the Cloverfield style of movie-making which, in turn, borrowed from Blair Witch. Nothing new but nice if you like the genre.
I think I laughed once during the episode, but it wasn't a "laugh out loud" laugh. This show sounded funny. It really sounded like something I would like... but I just don't care. Can't quite put my finger on why. I wasn't offended by anything. Would've been more appealing if it was hand drawn. The computer generated animation felt really generic. The voice acting was sub-par too. I would give it another chance, but the next episode would probably follow the same patterns. Too bad.
The stories are all still great, but they added a love interest for the partner and he killed any and all momentum the show had.  He had to have known someone to get the part because he didn't fit in in anyway with the flow of the show or the rest of the cast.
An interesting take on alien adventures. Wish there were moreadventures with the aliens and not so many interactive humandramas, which we already know too much about.
Thought this might be entertaining and funny but it was just a too realistic view of people solely focused on themselves and the awful, hurtful behavior that goes along with those types of priorities. We found it rather depressing to watch, not at all humorous, more head shaking in disbelief that this was actually a show.
Interesting blend of si-fi with a soap opera.  There was little doubt who would be the villain by the second episode and equally little doubt about a developing hero. Lots of fun enhancements of these roles. And hovering over all this we have ...something threatning or maybe not.  having moved through all this, we move toward a resolution of all these idea, what do we get?  A cliff hanger. Who needed a cliff hanger???
What a steaming pile of puerile pandering, I haven't seen a show this bad in years; between the childish writing and mediocre acting I'm amazed that this made it into production at all.
Seeing what these amazing kids do is great. Watching the stupid moms 2nd guess the expert they pay to teach their children is boring.  This mindless conversation however is truly overshadowed by the talent and tenacity of the kids.  The kids are sadly victims of their mothers insecurity and pride. Listen to Abby and see your kid do their best.
It's witty. It's semi interesting. But it's slow and predictable. But it's Marvel. The fanatics among us are going to like it way more than it deserves.
I put this movie on to see all the beautiful scenery and all I got was a chance to see more people talking about nothing. If I had wanted to hear people talking about nothing I could have tuned to most sitcoms that come on these days.
Justin (Victor Zinck Jr.) gets a camera for his birthday from his girlfriend Brook (Mittita Barber) and immediately goes into little boy mode. They go on a trip to "the cabin" with another couple Kirk (Aslam Husain) and Amanda (Chelsey Reist). Amanda's sister Danielle (Christie Burke) tags along as the moody "whatever" girl.The first half of the film takes place in the car. We are filled with the "Turn the camera off!" and "Okay it's off" stupidity. They detour to a place called the Crowsnest to get half priced beer only to be harassed by slashers in a travel trailer for the second half of the film during which we see film footage of trees and ferns.This is a lousy "kids in the woods" film made worse with terrible found footage and a bad script. If you are going to skip one found footage film this year, I think you found it.Parental Guide F-bomb. Brief Nudity (Mittita Barber). Near sex.
A unique look into a world that most people know very little about: the professional orchestral set. The show hints at underlying politics and betrayals but focuses primarily on a young girl just breaking into the profession. There are also lots of sex, party and drugs. At first I was confused by this and thought it was added just to gain viewers, but another reviewer mentioned that this is based on a book set in the 80s, which makes a lot more sense. The whole show does look and feel a lot like it's setting up a Wall Street of the Orchestra. And while it's too soon to tell, the main character looks like she could turn out to be a Mary Sue. Despite barely knowing her, men are tripping over themselves for her and everyone MUST have her at the party, even though she quietly tries to slip away and refuses multiple times to go to the party before accepting. She's also instantly taken under the wing of a prominent musician. But, I'm still willing to be wrong.
Note: I only saw the first 20-30 minutes with XFinity On Demand.This show, advertised as a "Limited Series," whatever that means, has a great cast (Sigourney Weaver, Ciaran Hinds, Carla Gugino and Academy Award winner Ellen Burstyn) and a premise that slowly unfolds. What could be the problem?Within the first two minutes, there's a slew of profanity that heretofore you'd think could only be aired on a cable network like Showtime, HBO, Encore, MAX or Starz. That, coupled with the very frank dialogue, was okay with me. I'm merely making a note of this, as the series is TV-PG and the language sounded like it belongs on television series' like Shameless, The Sopranos, etc. PG means that the language, if there's any, is MILD (hell and damn) and infrequent (ie. occurring not more than twice).What really did NOT sit well with me was that there's a sex scene between Bud and Eva. Do they need to show that on television? The show is rated TV-PG. However, the language and sex scene really amped it up to a TV-MA. Then around 15 minutes later, there's a nasty scene between two males. Disgusting. Does every television show these days feel the sick need to throw in one of those people into a show? And even worse, depict them copulating like the male inhabitants of Sodom and Gomorrah?I turned it off just as the two males were...e[...] Disgusting. Nasty. Anti-biblical. Immoral. Filthy.I DO NOT recommend this series.
This show was humorous, but not something I would go out of my way to not miss an episode.The one obnoxious guy was pretty funny, but his anxious sidekick (the one longing for the Asian girl) was too much and similar story lines seem overdone.The other two were only interesting because the app is pretty neat in theory, their characters seemed like people I've seen in other shows already.Last the setting seemed dark a lot, and was hard to see what was going on if it was night.
I've only watched a few of the episodes and they are interesting and worth watching to know something about them.
The character actors, plots, themes, and setting are interesting but it is not stimulating enough to motivate regular episode viewing. Therefore, I give it a satisfactory overall rating.
Season one was decent. But this second season is pathetically bad. Not only is it all around bad TV, but it has become a vehicle for blatant in your face product placement. THIS PROGRAM IS NOTHING MORE THAN A 42 MINUTE TV COMMERCIAL!
Bobcat's last film, &#34;God Bless America,&#34; was a phenomenal achievement in dark satire. For his first foray into horror (depending on how you view 'Shakes the Clown'), Bobcat goes found footage for the tale of an obsessed Bigfoot hunter who drags his girlfriend into the deep woods to try to find Sasquatch. The film is 90 percent build-up, with very little actually happening for the first 40 minutes or so. It's interesting and well done, and some of the dialogue is razor sharp, but it's clear Bobcat is trying to really build a sense of anticipation and he sadly over-extends his efforts with a near 15 minutes-straight segment inside of a tent. I get what he was trying to do, and it is effective to a point, but the last 10 minutes or so spiral into a hodge-podge of found footage tropes (abstract camera angles, off-camera screams, POV perspective while running) with only one true, genuine money shot that is so quick, blink and miss it, that you feel cheated. It's worth watching for free on cable, but I don't know if I can recommend the rental fee.
I watched the movie free on Prime, doubt I would buy it.But, over all the movie isn't terrible,except for Foree, Klebe & Agnew the rest of the crew was eastern block citizens.Some acting was campy, who cares it's a fantasy movie.It's always nice to see a veteran actor like Ken Foree in a movie.Gotta love a zombie movie that take lines from other zombie movies to use.A good rainy day movie. Just don't take it serious.
The show was different, and had a unique twist but just isn't for me. Seemed a little over the top and as if the show was reaching for the extreme in too many areas.
The  beginning dialog was SO annoying.  I'm not sure what they were trying to do, but it was unsuccessful.  They lost it as the episode went on and improved.  The story is very interesting.  Some actors were stellar, others were not. The music could not be worse.  This could be an worth-while serial killer show if they improve the dialog, some of the acting and totally change the music.
Rented on whim. Wished I hadn't. Expected "camp", funny, b-grade SYFY but what I got was just terrible. Nothing good about this piece of crap.
I'm an original fan, live a short distance from Southfork for the past 14 years and we original fans are the ones who buy & own all the DVDs. So they should take care to ensure we like the show. The dumbest thing they could do was to start the new show by having Bobby sell Southfork; ignore his son's heritage & opinions; and make stupid decisions without doing any research as if he was some dumb cowboy like Ray Krebbs with no business background. This story line was incredibly offensive to most original fans and alienated any loyalty to Bobby's character.  No one could feel any sympathy for him. What idiot wrote that? Duffy? Hagman?The new cast members all look alike & the writing will have to improve by 80%. Hopefully by finding some new writers who actually know the original series. For instance, Bobby did not inherit Southfork. Miss Ellie, via Clayton Farlow, signed over ownership of Southfork to Bobby in the last season and gave JR the control of Ewing Oil shares.  So John Ross could not overturn something that occurred before her Will which had nothing to do with Bobby owning Southfork.We all know the mineral rights for Southfork were always separate from the deed and used to trap Jeremy Wendell when dumb Ray sold his land. JR never would have forgotten that.Sue Ellen did not hide John Ross away at boarding schools... JR did. John Ross joined his mother because JR had become so consumed with James and destroying Cally over Weststar and Vanessa. So John Ross's comments were off base.The only 2 new characters with any charisma and character potential are Rebecca and Bobby's wife Ann. The rest of the new cast are duds and should be recast with new actors after they find new writers who actually watched the entire original series. Not some short attention span newbie who scanned through the episodes.Cliff's seething revenge attitude no longer makes sense. He owns Ewing oil and JR was a vegetable in a nursing home when the new series began. Cliff should be happy & gloating; not creating devious destruction plans and certainly would not hurt his nephew Christopher. Cliff also never wanted Southfork. That was miss Ellie's home, not oil well's that Jock stole from Digger. The only person Cliff should be angry at and seeking revenge upon is Afton who cruelly and illegally kept his daughter from seeing or knowing him. Or angry at JR; if & when he tries to take back Ewing Oil.Someone also needs to convince Hagman that those ridiculous eyebrows are not his trademark. They make him look like some Alzheimer geezer who is incapable of personal grooming. The eyebrows are nasty.Duffy and Hagman also need to do better with the characters of Lucy and Ray. Those fleeting cameos were an insult to the actors and fans. They were both core characters who battled JR. We need to see more of them but without repeats of old mistakes as if they never learned their lessons. They should be stronger and smarter now but angry with Bobby for the selling Southfork fiasco.Also, let us not forget about Lucas - Bobby's natural son, as well as James and Cally's baby who were both Jr's natural born offspring. They each have claims on the Ewing legacy.Focusing the later episodes of the original series on Bobby & JR with an endless parade of Bimbo's for their off~set pleasure is what destroyed Dallas the first time and permanently chased away Victoria Principal. Just look at the ratings after Pam and then even more so when Sue Ellen left and the ratings plummeted. Hagman & Duffy & the producer Katzman were so blinded by the procession of Bimbo's, they couldn't see their decisions were the problem.Dallas was not a male fan dominated series. Vast numbers of women watched it for the glamour & power & interactions of the cast. (Glamour: as in jewels, clothes, furs, money... not bimbo's and sex). Especially the interactions of Sue Ellen & Pam fighting back to hold their own. They ruined Pam by making her run away and whine instead of sticking by Bobby & fighting for their marriage. Sue Ellen was at her best when she was successful and not rolling in the gutter. The bimbo's were shallow and offensive to both male and female fans. Any viewers who need an endless parade of swimsuit models to keep their interest - are not watching Prime time soap operas. They are watching the X rated channels or out cruising street corners and bars.The producers should have a little common sense this time and don't depend on those hack Nielson ratings and opinions which never contact the actual audience and caused cancellations of wildly popular shows that has enraged fans for decades. Most of the fans and cast have died waiting for a new Dallas and the original Dallas DVD sets which took forever to complete; while some anarchistic Xgen tried to create a mockery comedy to get revenge on their parents generation. Thanks to Travolta for refusing to go along with it.Let us hope they learn from their mistakes this time before it is too late. This show can be a success again if they don't waste this second chance which has taken far too long.
To me the pilot seemed to be missing something. I would like to see more of the wit and originality of the original books in the dialog and plot, not just a Wonderland setting. The graphics leave much to be desired, but I could have overlooked that, if the show were more tongue-in-cheek, humorous, and played on several levels, like Toy Story 1 & 2.I loved the dragon-fly toasted marsh mellow escape. More in that vein would be a cup of tea I would move down for.
I just couldn't get into this show. Being a Latina living close to the Mexico/US  border the problem of the desaparecidas is very real to me and this show just hits too close to home. I know that there are many shows out there that are based on nonfictional cases but I am just too close to this one. The female detective does not interest me enough and because of my emotional connection to the victims and to the Mexican detectives work problems that I just can't care about her issues (even though I appreciate a lead with Aspergers). I hope other people watch the show and that it inspires them to educate themselves about the real and very serious issues facing women (and men) in Juarez, the desaparecidas.
It's new, so not sure how it will end up.  Writing also decides that.  With all the fairytales of childhood now becoming popular (Grimm, Once upon a Time) this is as good as any to work with.  Acting seems good and action is alright.  Having a little trouble wth a tiny Lt. fighting big bad guys.  Still developing.
I took a chance and watched this film late one night mostly because I am a fan of Sarah Polley both as a director and actress but I felt the writing was juvenile, the story simplistic, and the directing mediocre. She had all the right ingredients to make a wonderful film but nothing really meshed. The story was fairly simple.  Michelle Williams played a young woman who meets Luke Kirby on a trip to Louisbourg, Nova Scotia.  They end up in the same plane home to Toronto and then find out they live across the street from one another.  Sounds like the beginning of a beautiful love story but oops, sorry, Michelle's character Margot is already married to Lou, played by Seth Rogan, and expresses that she is still in love with him. Unfortunetly she is very intrigued by Daniel, (Luke Kirby), and thus begins the basis for the entire film; whether she should stay with Lou, who is nice and sweet and safe or try something different and start a relationship with Daniel.  The worst part, for me, was the lack of chemistry between Michelle Williams and her husband as well as her potential lover. I found Luke Kirby very sexy and I just kept wondering what does he see in this childish, neurotic, simplistic young woman other than her looks. She was so needy in a very agitated way that it made me very uncomfortable. I thought Seth Rogan did a suprisingly good job in a role outside his usual comedic genre and Luke Kirby could have been much better if he had been given a better muse and better, more unique dialogue. SPOILER! I found the scene in the cafe where he tells Margot what he would physically like to do to her almost embarassing because it was like he was professing his love and lust to child and not a sexy woman. It is frustrating when a film that has so much potential leaves you so disappointed. I want to give it lower ratings but I gave it 3 stars because I could see there was alot of effort by Polley and the cast but, in the end, it just didn't work for me.
Storyline was predictable after the first 30 minutes and a polite psycho is not really believable. It was good to see Kenny Rodgers again though
Abby Lee Miller is a choreographer and dance instructor who was a subject of an earlier series, &#34;Dance Moms&#34; in the Pittsburg area.  This series is apparently a  spin-off of that series, this time a competition to determine a winning young dancer, with $100,000 prize and a year's scholarship to a  famous ballet school.  The feature that remains constant is the viscious behavior of the mothers of the dancers.  If you enjoy cat fights, and young dancers, you should like this series.
Although season 5 was disappointing, I still give it 3 stars for it's quality. I just can't rate this show low, but I'm saddened that they gave up on the story line so quickly. It's still good, just should have gone for at least 2 more seasons.
When the white chick sprayed the giant spider and said &#34;Spida, please&#34;, I was done. Cliche, annoying, you name it.
its ok, i think regular house hunters were more entertaining than some of the international ones, but thats just my opinion.
Sorry, but the other reviewers are leading you astray. As usual, (re)viewers fall in love with a show and think it can do no wrong. Well, plenty goes wrong in Earl's second season---mainly the scripts.The writers are milking the same old laughs, and even a bunch of decent guest stars can't make this nearly as funny as season one. They try to get outside the box at times, but when all of your characters are basically morons, things get a little stale after a while. The trailer park humor worked for a season, but now it's just old.The only really funny thing on this show now is Joy; Pressly does a great job of making her lines come alive, show after show. Everyone else seems caught up by the slowly increasing weakness of the scripts. There's also the feeling that now that the formula is set, let's milk this puppy while we can. Randy and the cleaning lady are especially flat by the middle of this season.This season has its moments, but it also has loooong minutes of pedestrian writing and nothing interesting going on, and cheap attempts at weak laughs.Didn't think this would jump the shark so soon.Earl's list should now include, "Had a good, really funny show and then made it boring."
Just got a bit too confusing and unbelievable. Plus the acting waned. Just my two cents, and you may see it differently.
First program in series was OK but not great. Evaluation will depend on whether we watch other programs in series
Paul Schrader, oh how you've fallen.  The writer and director of "American Gigolo" and the screenwriter of such classics as "Raging Bull" and "Taxi Driver" has put out this piece of garbage written by Bret Easton Ellis.  Funded in part by Kickstarter, the filmmakers were able to keep Lindsay Lohan out of rehab long enough to play what appears to be a version of herself.  She's not very good and the rest of the cast is even worse.Lindsay plays a one-time actress named Tara who is now in a relationship with Christian (porn star James Deen).  Christian is a small time movie producer, who supplements his income with a trust fund from his father.  One of the conditions of the fund is that he regularly meet with a psychiatrist (director Gus Van Sant slumming).  Christian likes to have other men come over as well as couples.  He enjoys seeing Tara in action with others, it would seem, as much as his one on one time.  Tara goes along, sometimes reluctantly, other times enthusiastically.  If this all sounds pretty sexy, it really isn't.Throughout the movie, Schrader pulls the plug just as it all gets interesting.  This goes for other elements of the plot, as it were, as well.  When Christian suspects Tara is seeing someone else, he has her followed, hacks her phone and has others get information for him.  The other guy (Nolan Gerard Funk) is also having an affair with Christian's assistant (Amanda Brooks).  Then there is Christian's former and sometimes current lover on the side played by Tenille Houston.  It seems that they all know each other but don't know it.  If this sounds convoluted, it is.Nothing makes much sense and if there is anything worse than the acting, it is the script.  All the main characters call each other "babe."  Example:  "Hey babe, how you doin'?"  "Fine babe, thanks for asking."  Much of the film reminded me of "The Californians" skit on Saturday Night Live that is so funny.  So, what does the film having going for it that I would rate it so high?  Well, the sets are pretty cool.  Christian's pad, set on a secluded mountain side near L. A. (Malibu?), is pretty spectacular.  The soundtrack (mostly Brendan Canning with Me & John) is also noteworthy.  As are Ms. Lohan's "ta tas."  Being an equal opportunity filmmaker, Schrader allows Deen and another dude to show why they are so big in the adult film industry.  The film is sometimes titillating but, alas no climax.As far as the Blu ray disc, it does a decent job transferring the bland photography.  Clarity is good.  You can see all the bumps and bruises on Lohan's legs.  The film is cheaply made and it shows, but that is not the fault of the transfer.  In addition to an uncompressed 2.0 stereo track, there is DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1.  Both are good if unspectacular.  The soundtrack sounds very good and dialog is properly focused.  The film includes Spanish and English SDH subtitles.  Extras include a trailer and a couple short featurettes.  Here's a case where a supplement consisting of auditions might have been better than the movie.
A couple of college kids set up their home with cameras as everyone in the film is interested in scoring with Fernanda (Fernanda Romero) who likes ghosts. Their home is haunted by an oriental madam. This is a low budget hand-held amateur genre.The film was designed to be a comedy, unfortunately much of the film concentrated on crudeness and forgetting to be funny such as the feces material found in the sink. With 15 minutes left in the film, things went over the top as it became a laugh out loud funny film, too late to save it from an hour of mediocrity.Might work as a cheap rental if you don't mind the crude humor.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex?, brief flasher nudity (Sarah Chapman)
Area 407 is the latest fear filled film from IFC. This low budget, found footage story begins with two sisters boarding a plane from New York to Los Angels. As they do, we are introduced to several of the other passengers who inevitably become mainstays throughout the film. The plane finds it's way into some rough turbulence and with some smooth editing, the flight comes to an abrupt end. The passengers must then work together to try and survive the crash as well as a unknown and very angry monster.This film is a roller coaster of emotions for the audience. The movie starts out a little slow, but quickly picks up the tension as the plane goes down. The suspense builds as the characters run for their life into an abandoned cabin while being chased by something in the shadows. The action starts to get a little repetitive as they keep moving from safe house to safe house. Why they keep going outside when they know something is out there to kill them is beyond me. The questions start to rise again as they find a truck but decide to drive back to the crash site instead of just driving away to safety.The one black eye of the cast was the young girl, Trish, who comes across as very obnoxious in the beginning and doesn't really let up as the film progresses. The rest of the casting was top notch as the actors were believable and had definitely been in films before. I'm sure a lot of the film was improv and the cast did very well in keeping the scene progressing as a number of the takes were many minutes in length.The blood and wounds were very realistic and I must applaud work done on the wreckage of the plane. As for the "monster"...I would have rather never even seen a single frame of this mess. I am still boggled by what the filmmakers used as the unknown stalker in this film. This pretty much killed the film for me. The other negative was the twist ending that still has me scratching my head. This scene should have NEVER made the final cut of the film. The reveal of the monster, along with the addition of an unneeded character, left me completely baffled and unsatisfied.Overall, the film is very well paced and edited and the length of shots lasted is very impressive. This found footage film is very well produced and has many bright spots. Although the intrigue takes a nose dive after a while, the begging tension is well worth the watch. If you come across this film and have 90 minutes to spare, keep an open mind check out Area 407.
Interesting in the first few episodes but then deteriorates into the mean, nasty British officer and his effect on the little town the main character lives in.  How about more of the &#34;rally cries&#34; and the debate going on during this time between neighbors, some who we call patriots and some we call Torys today?  The episode could be taken out of a town in Nazi Europe somewhere where the villagers are trying to survive the Local mean and nasty Nazi Lord.
Bummer that they got cancelled. I liked the episodes that I did see. I think that tnt will need looking for a replacement of the closer for a long time
Writers and composers - musicals are HARD TO WRITE. A song cannot simply be words that rhyme and happen to have notes attached...they need, like any other story, depth, layers, actual people not just caricatures, and something we can relate to, then they need to have good music to help tell that story. When you have a seasoned Broadway and TV actress like Bebe Neuwirth unable to make it work, you're missing something. This is really painful.
John and Dave are sucked in to an interdimensional time warp after taking a mysterious new drug known only as "Soy Sauce" that opens their minds to an incredible array of new powers. Now, these two unassuming slackers have become humanity's only defense against the otherworldly beings that look to take over the world! When it comes to strange, twisted tales of supernatural horror, no one does it better than Don Coscarelli, leaving no better choice to direct the off-the wall Sci-Fi/Comedy JOHN DIES AT THE END. With JOHN DIES AT THE END, Coscarelli is once again left unrestrained by rules or logic thanks to the wild imaginings of David Wong in his original novel. While on the drug, the characters can communicate through time (let alone bratwursts), travel between dimensions, and even transcend death, which opens up an unlimited range of possibilities in this untamed universe. The problem is, Coscarelli starts the characters off in too many directions at once, and quickly loses focus as his signature form of non sequitur storytelling takes control. As a result, the failed attempt to wrap things up in the end feels rushed and unsatisfying, but the road leading up to it is both entertaining and exciting. Chase Williamson and Rob Mayes capture the satiric tone and irreverent humor perfectly through the characters of Dave and John, allowing the audience to overlook many other faults through their enjoyable performances. The smaller budget is also refreshing, since it forces the filmmakers to become more creative with both the outline of events and the special effects. There are more than enough stories to tell in this untapped universe, so hopefully the success of the film in the home video market will see JOHN brought back to life in a sequel!-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
I wasn't sure what to expect when I watched the pilot. The characters and plot appeal, but its so slow. I couldn't help but think &#34;get on with it already.&#34;
Poor original Dawn of the Dead alumni Ken Foree, he deserves so much better than this Z grade zombie flick..complete with old slow style and new fast running style zombies.. I like the genre, but it's flims like this one that make me never want to watch another. It's as good as the eastern Europeans trying to fake American English accents.. I would recommend it for a good laugh, but there's other things to laugh at out there, this was just boring. Here's just a sample of the type of dialogue that you will get:&#34;This is probably the worst thing that has happened since.. the beginning of civilized world.. and I'm a part of it, and I don't have a care..Isn't that sh!+ just great?.. What is it now, are you angry??&#34;As for the special effects, eh... ((((YAWN))))
Seems very entertaining some interesting twists however I would suggest this get wrapped up in no more than 2 seasons otherwise it will continue to , every time one question gets answered 2 more will be asked, like Lost. When Lost was on I loved it  but it ran to long at the end I just wanted it over. That being said I did enjoy the show held my interest through out well worth a watch
A desperate try to make an old story new. The pilot was so full of clich&eacute;'s it became laughable. In addition, I kept wondering why the people trapped in the car lot wouldn't attempt crashing through the gate with one of their cars. Please, a rich widow, a maid who gets forced into trying to rob her, a clown, a drunk, a mother worrying about her husband and child, a man who falls down and breaks his leg, bad writing, and no chemistry between the actors. All-in-all I'll give this show a try 'after' it is totally re-vamped.
This was more of a comical depiction than a more serious show regarding the people that were portrayed in it.  I really don't have any more to say about this as I was disappointed with the series.
This could have been a great show. But its not. What we get is a bunch of bikers presented as the defenders of small-town America. They get to be "bad" guys, but bad guys within real strict limits. Its another biker fantasy for rich guys in the suburbs. To undermine the premise even further they create real "bad guys" in the form of a white sumpremist gang hanging around the edges of things doing everything the "good" Bikers can't do.The show is also heavy on disfunctional family stuff taken right from the Sopranos. We have Jax Teller whose murdereded father apparently formed the gang as a utopian hippie experiment and would never have approved of the club running guns to make money. Jax spends half of every episode pouting about something. He just comes across as a total wuss.Ron Perlman has the presence to play the leader of the gang. But whatever presence he has is constantly undermined by Jax and the fact that every idea he has seems to fail or backfire. The show is at its best when Perlman is taking care of business for the club and showing how a small town like Charming works. Its at its worst whenever Jax gets whiny and they bitch at each other.Shows like this are good when everything is in shades of grey. When they show why someone like Clay makes the decisions he does and why idealism usually leads to trouble. But in Sons of Anarchy, Jax is always right and even if he takes a risk, it always pays off.One of the good things in the show are the law enforcement characters. There is far more realism in the show about them than the bikers.I really wanted to like this. And there were some things that I did really like. But the show is too tame and too much into biker fantasy.
Now that I know the series will continue, am not really sure I want to keep watching.I love Stephen King; I never read this novel, but I am not that thrilled with the story and the acting.I especially dislike the guy playing the psycho son, Junior.  I don't find him convincing at all as an actor.Characters are very one dimensional, something that Stephen King can overcome in his novels, but not with this series.I will watch to the end of this season, and its OK but nothing that fantastic.
absolutely pointless. filled with images and events you've seen before, many times. not an original idea in sight. can't stand actors who emote by yelling.
I like all the actor's in this series. Like others have said there is nothing new here.I think they all do a great job and the most interesting character of all is Edgar without him I don't think this series would fly at all.
I've purchased the first couple episodes, but, there is no &#34;up&#34; in this show like there is in Pretty Little Liars. While taken from the same book series, this one is just gloomy, without interesting characters to perk it up. Heck, not even fun to just look at the ridiculous clothes like on Pretty Little Liars. I'll be waiting for the Netflix version.
I think I read where this was a comedy, but I missed the funny point here and saw a lot of dark drama.
First off Jackie Christie is such a fake and this season she has found her some minions to follow her and a couple of them must have a little bit of hood rat in them.  I watched 2 shows and decided that this season is a waste of time so I won't be renting any more.  Maybe next season you will bring back some of the original cast and it will be worth watching.  Please get rid of Jackie.
I really thought this was going to be something totally different.  Charlie Sheen plays a misbehaving artist who no longer has the creative juice to do anything new.  It turns into very standard rehash about losing a girlfriend, brushes with the law, and testing the patience of old friends and relatives.  I suppose these actors did the best they could with what few ideas were in the script.  The last scene was pretentious beyond belief.
This show is absolutely terrible- I went into this pilot really wanting to like it as I love post apocalyptic shows/movies and really love Chris Carter's previous work but this show is flat out bad. The story makes zero sense at all, the characters are all extremely unlikable- especially the french woman who is supposed to be the main protagonist and to be perfectly honest- there is no chance any of these people would stick together within five minutes if this actually went down. The plot has ADD and skips all over, I watched this with some friends and we all went into this with an extremely open mind. There are many other good selections for amazon to pick up and I really hope this is not one of them. Don't be a sheep! actually *watch* the full pilot before you post a review please! we all love chris carter but this junk stinks. I don't post reviews but after seeing this get a bunch of positive ratings I had to do my part and tell it like it is- THIS SHOW IS AWFUL.
Incredibly weak! This is successful network tv now? I m afraid quality in future tv shows will be horrible for a long time and only cable and new broadcasters like amazon or netflix will provide good content.....
The show has a slow start, to me it&#8217;s a bit dated compared to the present detective and police crime dramas. I have to see a few more episodes to really get a feel for the show. I didn&#8217;t truly get pulled into the show until the end, when the coroner was explaining the trauma and the abuse the kid had endured when he was alive, and the flashback the detective was having and how PTSD seemed to grow on him through the description of the kid&#8217;s abuse. Maybe the next episode will raise my opinion of the show; at the moment I&#8217;m 60/40 not interested.
Elementary?  Yes.  In concept, presentation, and take-away messages.  Okay if you have absolutely nothing else to do, such as cleaning your toe nails, scrubbing the bathroom floor, pulling weeds.  Otherwise, I suggest you pass.
This used to be a compelling program featuring engaging characters. However, by the fifth season, the series  featured very few original ideas. The characters became far more  cartoon like and considerably less enjoyable. There was none of the charm that made the first few years so enjoyable.Pass the later years by .... Re watch the earlier episodes...
Tipical movie to watch when you do not want to pay attention to the plot. Cute, ok acting and the cast is pretty funny.
The series which has so much going for it -- great writers, wonderful acting (Amanda Burton is so good) but it can't seem to decide what it wants to be -- a gritty, police procedural wrapped around a complex character or a light somewhat humorous, almost US style (think Castle, etc) detective series. I want it to be more of the former. This season seems to be more of the latter, the cases are somewhat inane and Commander Blake is no longer the tough, conflicted police professional.
I don't know.  Scary snowmen?  I suppose after all these years it is difficult to come up with new stories.  I paid to watch this one and wish I hadn't.  Really miss the writing of the first couple of seasons of the 'new' Dr. Who.
Hey writers.....  I don't think the FBI  and the police are that stupid, as soo many are dying too fast, taken down in situationsthat they are trained for.And also all those big gapping holes of logic. So no its not the extreme stupid violence that bugs me is that if you gonna write...write it good...close those holes...and don't make the viewer feel stupid...even if there's a lot of stupid out there.You cant loose with Kevin as the lead actor.....and also this production has quality and I hope it grows into a smart series...recommended
Used that title for one review already.  About all I can say is 'Meh..&#34;.However I need six more words...yay &#60;===that one's extra.
If you haven't watched all the Hannibal movies it's probably a better show than I give it credit for. It is a little hard to have watched the movies where the plot refers to his past crimes. Then the show takes his crimes and assigns them to other people. Where now he is helping catch the people. For example in the movie he kills the man in the orchestra for playing bad. In the show another man kills him to make a violin out of him. Also the main character of the show isn't Hannibal. It is Will Graham who is the prequel to silence of the lambs. That movie is Manhunt. In that movie Will is a strong character in this show he is a weak deranged great thinker, and Hannibal has been turned from Anthony Hopkins who portrayed power, to a much leaner man who doesn't look like he would have the strength to carry out the deeds that Hannibal Lector performed. I am watching the show because it is better than most of the things on TV these days. You will probably enjoy it if your not really into the movies. To wrap up not for children. Plenty of blood.
I saw a preview of this and decided to FIOS it for my mom, step father and I.  It started out so good.  But as it went in, it got worse and worse.  First, the characters play so many different people, that it is hard to follow what it the hell person they are playing.  Second, not just the characters they play, but there are way to many people going back and forth in this show.  I have not a clue as to who anyone is.  Next, they have been dragging the same thing on and on and on.  Unless these people are the stupidest people, they would know who the bad guy really was.  Another problem is that I can never understand what two of the actors are saying.  They mumble.  I am always like, what the he k did they say?  My mom and I do not really like it.  We watch because my step father likes it.  I found out it has been renewed for a second season.  Now I will have to watch more of this show.  I hope the next season gets better.  As I said, it started out really good.
This show is weird.  They just get off on blowing things up and crashing vehicles.  Thousands of dollars in every crash are being wasted that could be used for a good purpose.
I watch allot of shows with Breaking Bad the best of them at 5+ stars. I saw the commercials for this and the revolutionary war angle is what brought me in. I am on the fence as to keep watching it or not. It is not great yet not terrible either. It is slightly better then Grimm which surprisingly keeps going. I watch revolution and arrow also which though not great are slightly better then this. This show has some action. Sex appeal wise though the lead female is not that hot which in a show like this eye candy would help out as it does in Revolution. When the shows acting and story like Breaking Bad are top notch it does not matter. When you are dealing with more popcorn type of material every little bit helps. The historical aspect battles etc will be limited due to budget. All in all if you are an avid tv watcher who wants something a little different give this show 2 or 3 episode watch and decide for yourself. If you want a home run check out breaking bad, Deadwood or Walking Dead
I found this dull and unexciting.  The graphics are very 90s ish and the soundtrack is so-so.  She's no Diego that's for sure.  Then again, she's probably in the country legally...
Casting could have been better here, as could some of the acting.  The music is nothing great either, and I don't care much for the fellow playing Henry.  The first season drags out all the business with Anne Boleyn, Catherine of Aragon, and Thomas Wolsey, also.The costumes and locations are wonderful, and there is some entertainment to be had.  Apparently the history is inaccurate, though I can't really comment on that since I am not that familiar with the era and people involved.Okay for a cheap rental, but nobody needs to purchase this.
The actors are beautiful, but I never did like any of them. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. It has little to offer.
Have loved this show from the beginning ... faithfully streamed each episode as it became available.  Sad to say, it has passed its "sell by date".  No new character development.  Quite predictable now.  They should have bowed out gracefully already ... certainly should ASAP now.  It was a good run.  But that's in the past.
The first episode of this series was great.  Incredible effects.  Neat puzzle to solve.  As it progressed, I just wanted to see the show end.  Extending it into a second season is ridiculous.
Nothing but stupid, vain, rich, vapid housewives who will never understand how hard life can really be, yet poor women enjoy watching this dreck. What has our country and culture come to.
For most of the movie I was just shaking my head.  Sure they were trying to tell a story here, but they seemed to keep missing the mark, making this an odd and nearly unpleasant film to watch.  It wasn't until the end that this movie managed to redeem itself.
Read dozens of the books (and a huge fan of Connelly books), but even if I had not read the books, I would still have been disappointed as I was with the Amazon pilot of Bosch.The acting and writing are really mediocre, especially compared to other crime drama shows that I have watched over the years (including Major Crimes, Criminal Minds, Southland, Flashpoint, et al.).I may sit through Episode 2, but if that doesn't jump-start my engine, then I won't be watching more of this program, free as a Prime member or not!
Technical shortcomings of picture quality consistent with the production period will distract some viewers immediately.  But for those looking beyond this will find the Chesterton stories interesting.  I would make an analogy to early Twilight Zone episodes - sit any kid down and the first reaction will be about black and white and then about cinematography so &#34;alien&#34; (pardon the pun) to today's experience.  My bottom line:  give one or two episodes a try before you turn your back on this series.
I gave it only three stars because it was a bit racey for our kids.  Worth watching if you watch the pilot first.
I look forward to the series
I suffered through 3 episodes of this show with an acid-filled stomach, and then it became too much for me to bear. I do watch other crime-solving shows, but there was something just insidiously....evil about this one. I understand on an intellectual level that the premise of the show is clever, but it wasn't enough to overcome the disturbing feeling that stayed with me for hours after I watched an episode. I cannot POSSIBLY be the only ex-viewer who felt that way. Films and TV shows are getting more and more disgusting and extreme, to the point where I wonder if Hollywood will make actual "snuff" films sometime in the not-too-distant future, in order to maintain the sick thrill for the viewer. This is one show that will have to go on without me.
The writing and plots are little better than average.  If you like watching attractive people and lots of shooting, this show's for you.
Some funny parts.
I found this film watchable, but nothing more and it is a pity, because it had potential for so much more... Below, more of my impressions, with some spoilers.This film tells the story of three very different men who meet and conclude a pact of brotherhood in the middle of the Taiping War (1850-1864), an incredibly violent and tragic conflict which caused quite possibly as much as 20 million dead - making it the second deadliest war in the whole history of humanity (only Second World War killed more people).A big budget super production about such an enormous and destructive war was a great idea - but the result is not as good as could be expected. The film is long and there is not enough story to fill the 127 minutes. Battle scenes are disappointing and we can hardly see on the screen where the heck went the amount of money spend on making this film. Chinese armies of Taiping War were colourful and spectacular - and what we see on the screen is neither.Because this is a Chinese story there is of course some elaborate intriguing, plotting and backstabbing, but we saw this kind of things already on the screen many times - and they were shown much better. It must also be said that Jet Li is not really an actor - he is a martial arts specialist, and when in a film he is not allowed to kick and scream, he seems as paralyzed as a bird staring at a snake... He got 15 million USD for this film - and in my modest opinion he didn't earn it...That being said the film has also some merits. Andy Lau and Takeshi Kaneshiro are real actors and it shows on the screen. Xu Jinglei is a very attractive woman and even if her screen time is ultimately limited, it is a pleasure to watch her. This film also avoids - very wisely - showing idiotic kung fu which so badly damaged so many potentially good Asian films... And  yes, there are some good scenes, although they become rare in the second half of the film.Bottom line, this is an average war/adventure film, watchable once and recommended for renting rather than buying. Sadly, a really good, epic film about the Taiping War still remains to be made.
really bad movie that got worse as it continued, by the time it neared the end it became agonizing, how this was ever even considered for a series is beyond me
have not reviewed season  2 am only in season 1 3rd episode and am enjoying it very much at this time.
This review is for the Season 6 Episode 5 of the show for Amazon Instant Video, not just for the show.  I enjoy the show very much; however, the service from Amazon Instant Video is very slow.  The episode is already out on iTunes....I am thinking of canceling the TV pass and signing up for it on iTunes since they have the same thing.  It is sort of odd that Amazon isn't more competitive with their service considering their competition.  I know you can also watch it for free on the Logo site but for some I cannot get it to pay on my puter right now.
Movies like this frustrate me. You see how good it could have been and cringe over the bad decisions that kept it from being so. It's easy being a Monday morning quarterback, but that's why reviews are written.Here's the scoop. Charlie is down in the dumps over the fact his girlfriend, Shelley, has given him his walking papers. He goes to a public storage facility, with his bud Mark, to grab a few items of his that will put the capper on their break-up. Unfortunately Shelley is also there with a couple of her friends doing the same thing. A military cargo plane crashes, screwing up all functions and communications in the facility. It has also loosed a hideous creature which is hell bent on killing the lot of them. Since they are locked in, they only way out is through the monster.It's odd that the thing working best in this 'monster' movie is the unfolding of the relationships of those involved. The monster stuff is really not all that good. The creature itself appears to be of the rubber suit variety. The designers just wanted to make an ugly looking thing and didn't concern themselves with biology. It's not one of the better looking monsters I've ever seen in a movie. Then there's the stupid stuff. Ventilation ducts running between the storage units? How secure is THAT?! And there's a guy living in one of the units with a wall of televisions lit up. I doubt it. There are also some really cheap, over-used jump scares. And how many times are we going to see someone fumble for their keys when there is imminent doom present? Yup. Some really stupid stuff going on here.There are some good performances happening and the directing is good enough. The ending is a bit on the cool side as well. Were it not for the mind numbing stupidity present here, this could have been a real contender.
I've decided to cancel my subscription to this show. I don't like the new character of Charlie's niece. Jon Cryer's (Alan) behavior is becoming annoying rather than funny. Ashton Kutcher has never done it for me. He was fine in &#34;That 70's Show&#34;, but he was just playing a dumb kid. Now he's playing a billionaire dumb kid and it just doesn't work. I knew the premise with the Walden Schmidt character would run thin at some point. As far as I can tell we're there, or past it. Too bad they couldn't work things out with the alcoholic, drug addled Sheen. He is a mess as a human being, but he really was essential to making the show work.
I really enjoy seeing trinkets and treasures coming out and the value put on them.  But I cannot stand the pompous attitude that pervades the show through the slob characters.  It's so bad that I just turn the program off midway.  I'll take American Pickers and the storage war people over the Pawn Stars any day any time.
I was able to see this film in my home as part of a sneak peak preview this month. Luckily I was able to see the original first as if I had watched this disappointing sequel first, I may never have bothered to watch the vastly superior original. The film is bogged down with a tedious plot that only slows the action down. The stunts are still impressive, but it just doesn't deliver like the original film. Too bad! :-(
I am truly amazed that I sat through this entire movie. However, you need to realize that I went into it knowing that it would be a train wreck, but it was far worse than I expected. "Liz and Dick" is a bloody massacre. For the record, I am actually a member of Team LiLo. As a child star, she showed great potential as a solid B-actress (remember "The Parent Trap," Freaky Friday," and of course the iconic "Mean Girls?"). Then Lindsay Lohan grew up, went to rehab 50 times, got arrested 105 times, and unfortunately she hasn't shown a whole lot of promise since then. I actually feel bad for her because she was so horribly miscast in this role. Lifetime obviously was desperate for viewers, and they cast LiLo as Elizabeth Taylor because they knew people like me would watch. And I did. And LiLo totally bombed.In fairness, the entire movie is an epic disaster (the only saving graces are the costumes, so props to the wardrobe mistress). First, let's talk about Lindsay. Ignore the fact that my cat looks more like Liz Taylor than LiLo does (as I recall, Liz's entire body wasn't covered in freckles). Unfortunately, LiLo put absolutely zero effort into preparing for this role. What you see for two hours is LiLo wearing a bunch of dark wigs, speaking in her regular LiLo voice. There was no attempt to master Liz's signature dialect, or the way she carried herself, or absolutely anything at all. Heck, she didn't even try to ACT most of the time. Everything was completely half-assed. Even when she was playing Angry Drunk Elizabeth and smashing bottles against the wall, her throws were just PITIFUL. It was insulting. The dude playing Richard Burton is only slightly better because he actually tries to act, but just happens to be a really bad actor (decked out in an even worse hairpiece). The sets are awful. The script is languid. And parts of the movie make no sense whatsoever. (Like, they constantly poke fun at Liz for being chubby, but I read that LiLo is so vain that she refused to wear any kind of fat suit for the film, so Richard is poking fun at fat Liz who is wearing skintight leather pants and can't weigh more than 105 pounds. Rewrite, anyone?)Everything. Is. SO. AWFUL. If you go into the film expecting to be entertained by watching really bad Lifetime television, like I was, you may end up pleasantly surprised in that "Liz and Dick" is ten times worse than anything you could have possible imagined it to be. My husband likened it to watching a high school theatre production, but I think that analogy is insulting to high school actors everywhere. Bottom line: Dame Elizabeth is rolling in her grave right now. I am glad she didn't live to witness this monstrosity.
For what it's worth, Jessika Lang is really, really good in this.  She pulls off the Boston accent much better than the syrupy VA accent she tried to pull off in the first season (God, I hope she's not from VA, I'll feel like an idiot).  This show, as many have described, is really pretty silly.  Throw aliens, gamma rays, Nazi's, Catholic run sanitorium, mass and serial murder and gore into one show and BAM!!!Fun, but get ready for some real goof ball soap opera horror...minus the horror.
Although I agree with some points made by the one and two-star reviewers, overall I think this was an interesting and creative look at what the world might be like if this were to happen.  Definitely not fine art, but I've seen much much worse.  Loved the actress who played the little girl.  She was the best among the cast.
The action was good but I really didn't care for the two protagonist.  Felt contrived and synthetic- who has a man locked in their trunk for two days and then debates whether or not they will turn him in?I have  watched more episodes since the first and they protagonists are more human and relatable but it really feels like the show is about bad guys torn between good and bad, and mostly doing bad and bullies mascarading as good guys.  The formulaic 2 sex scenes per episode are tiresome and thrown in - some see it as the reason to watch, I find it poor storytelling.  We got it- they have sold their lifes (including their bodies) to their philosophical beliefs.
This was one of my favorite TV shows, but to have the series end with Jim lying on the floor wallowing in his own blood was a bit much.  I would recommend all but the very last episode.  If you DON'T watch that one you'll probably like it okay.
I'm suprised they would make a series like this.  A person would need to be very bored to make it through even one of these.
I didn't mind the slow pace ... liked the actors ... the story-line seemed promising ... until suddenly ... it wasn't.Storyline (spoiler alert) Paterfamilias calls his self absorbed children in for dinner and a family meeting.  They assume Dad has cancer and is going to die.  Before and after we see his son fondling his naked girlfriend ... his self conscious youngest daughter strip naked in front of her mirror ... his other daughter walking around naked from the waist down while brushing her teeth.  (None of this is easy to watch, funny or does anything to further the plot.Throughout dinner Papa's kids list numerous friends who have died and/or are dying of cancer.  (Not funny)  No one listens to anyone else.  (Sad, ugly and Definitely NOT funny)  Papa keeps trying to speak, but everyone is too busy saying why they believe Dad is dying.  (Not funny)Dad finally looses his cool and loudly proclaims he's cancer free.  (Awkward and REALLY Not funny)  He tries to speak his mind, but instead says he's leaving the house.  He tells one of his daughters he wants her to live in it, at which point his son throws a hissy fit because Dad didn't offer the house to him.  Absolutely NOTHING in this scene even approximated humor.The pilot ends with Papa's oldest daughter kissing and fondling her lesbian x-best friend in her Dad's bedroom.  (They both have money and own homes)  Why either one would do something this private in Dad's room is confusing at best.  The last scene has Dad walking in to his room dressed as a woman (what he had wanted to tell his kids about) and finding the girls together getting hot and bothered.If you enjoy mindlessly gratuitous nudity, meaningless sex acts performed in weird places for confusing reasons, and uncomfortable conversations about life, death, money and sex ... this is your show.
This review contains spoilers...!I found this film appealing in some ways but confusing in others.  I kept wondering what Sarah Polley was trying to do and then, the next day I remembered her autobiographical film, "Stories We Tell" which seems to me to explain the murky parts in this one.In "Stories We Tell" which came out the year after this, Polley reveals that the man she thought was her real father was  not, that her mother had had an extended affair with another man who was Sarah's biological father. Sarah's mother as played in that film, as well as actual footage of her, bears a strong resemblance to Michelle Williams's character.  They are both young, beautiful, blond, vivacious and sexy.  They are both artistically inclined but frustrated.  Sarah's mother was a sometimes actress and Michelle's character is a sort-of writer.  Both leave their safe, loving, respectable husbands for artist types, one a painter and one a film maker.  In Sarah Polley's mother's case she did return to the family but died soon afterward.  I had to wonder how much of this film was an attempt on the part of Sarah to make sense to herself of her own mother's behavior.  She succeeds beautifully in "Stories We Tell" but in this film, it doesn't quite work.The supposed moral of this film, is "the grass is always greener..." Or as the alcoholic sister-in-law puts it, that there is always something missing and one just has to find ways to deal with that hole.  Here the Michelle Williams character leaves her dull but dutiful husband for a more exciting one, but in the end it seems that happiness once again has eluded her and she seem to find her happiness by herself as shown in the last scene, where she rides alone on the amusement park ride.The idea that one can't look to another to fill up the empty hole inside is a valid one. The problem here is that the film doesn't really show that the second relationship is all that bad.  It seems like the characters Sarah Polley wrote took off with their own lives and left her intention in the dust.  Their romance in gorgeous and hot and totally believable.  Who wouldn't leave the poor chubby chicken-cooking hubby for the sexy, exciting, and NICE, painter (and rickshaw driver!)  Her hubby's idea of sexual foreplay is to talk baby talk, while the other guy practically sends her into orbit at their conversation over Martinis.  That and the underwater scene in the pool were the two highlights of the film, in my opinion, with the waltz to the Leonard Coehn song, a close third.  I'd almost buy the film for those scenes.So it was not all believable to me that suddenly this very beautiful romance is shown to be have turned sour.  The threesomes in bed seemed totally out of character.  This guy wasn't a cheap sleaze out for kicks and I don't think she was either.  A more realistic development to me would be that they'd have the children that she wanted and which her husband avoided having.It seems to me that the Sarah couldn't let her characters get away with their actions  and have a happy life together, that she had to make them wrong somehow.  Boo!  I saw the film more as a coming of age film for the female character.  She married the nice, safe, secure Daddy guy and they talked baby talk to each other in bed and played other silly games  At one point when  she outgrows that and asks him to do lose the baby talk he pouts and goes back to frying his chicken.  No wonder she was ready for the next stage in her development---a real, adult sexy guy who would definitely deliver.  I just think that Polley copped out by showing that romance as a symptom of the woman's weakness.  The film itself, belies that message.  I found the ending scene with Michelle alone in the amusement park ride not at all convincing, a failed attempt to make a point that she was forcing on her characters.
I was interested in this show because of the material presented in the book "Blink", in which microexpressions are used very successfully. However, one should be careful about trying to apply what you see in this show. For example, the episode where a character is focused on because he is unconsciously or subconsciously giving someone the "finger," can lead to all kinds of amateur misapplication, especially for people who do not use that gesture. It's pop science, emphasis on the pop, so just take it with a grain of salt.Also, photos of many celebrities and especially politicians are shown with a certain gesture or expression and described authoratitively as meaning or feeling this or that. This seems to speak more to the writers' prejudices and biases rather than actual facts. So, again, a word of caution. Reading microexpressions is a science which requires years of training and study; do not go off on your friends and coworkers for supposedly lying to you based on what you've seen here.So, all good fun, if you're not overly gullible.
Buy the first 4 seasons, rent the 5th season.  Not very good -- terrible scripts.
I love Kurt Russell, however this particular film will be good for rental only.  Fun story, gets better towards the end. Just not enough to pay movie theater prices.
the first couple episodes are the best (i am halfway thru the series). I think it has huge potential, but the writing staff is farting around. the actors are capable of exceptional work given a great script, but the scripts are a tad lame. The characters interaction is smooth until some clunky line of dialog, or stupid error  in contentuity (sp?) crops up. Like the robot guy (wow, can't remember the name, sorry) get all shot up, a la Terminator, while covering Kennex, but then in the next shot, his Tshirt is perfect, no bullet holes. that kind of stuff is just sloppy. spend less on the CG and more on the little stuff. Note to show producers: watch some Lost, and BSG if you need pointers, ok?
This was an ok watch. It kept my attention and there were humorous parts. Has potential. I did like that I was not familiar with any of the actors aside from Ed Begly Jr. And they were pretty good.
My kids love learning about the animals; anyone who says this is a great show to teach kids anything other than the habits of wild animals in jungles and forests is trying to sell you something.
This show disappointed me because I wasn't looking for soft porn disguised as something else. The few episodes I watched reminded me of Weeds, except sex instead pot was the overriding theme woven throughout each episode. If you're looking for soft porn with some story, then you'll love this series. It has 3 seasons, so clearly I'm in the minority view here.
Who says an indi-film can't be a run of the mill soap opera?  That's pretty much what we get here in this brief (85 minutes) look at sexual desires, infidelity and questionable morality.  The best thing director/writer Ry Russo-Young ("You Won't Miss Me") has going for her is the cast.John Krasinski stars as Peter, a Hollywood sound technician who is married to Julie (Rosemarie DeWitt), a therapist.  Julie has a teenage daughter (India Ennenga) who has a crush on her step-dad's assistant (Justin Kirk).  A twenty- something documentarian named Martine (Olivia Thirlby) shows up to get some help with special effects and sound for her film about bugs.Martine is a friend of a friend and once Peter first meets Martine, everybody's hormones kick into high gear.  Like all good soaps we've got the hunky ex-hubby (Dylan McDermott) coming around for dinner.  We've got Julie accepting flirtatious advances from a patient.  The daughter has her eyes on the assistant and the assistant is goo-goo for Martine and Martine for Peter.  Whew!While there is at least one scene of a sexual nature, nothing is overly graphic and little skin is ever shown.  The script is OK and while I was buying all the coy looks for a while it just started to get a bit silly.  While the film has its moments, it will likely be forgotten pretty quickly.
Too much attention placed two male type major characters. I sick of them by the end of the season. Needed more plits
This show could use some better editing and less crime drama dialogue. You've got a great cast that can pull it along, but the pace was incredibly slow and the dialogue was &#34;cop show&#34; predictable. The best thing about it was the amount shown in the court scenes. It seemed like the creators had a legal consultant, but forgot to do their ride-along. With the redundant flashbacks of the shooting, the unbelievable allowances that his supervisor was giving him after he was suspended and the fact that he did at least 3 things in the show that would have resulted in disciplinary action and demotion makes this show try too hard to have the stereotypical rebel cop. Can someone PLEASE tell crime shows that the audience doesn't flashbacks? You can say someone got shot -- we don't need to see a replay of it.
You will have trouble finding a single scene in this series that is not profoundly over-acted. Worse, the writing is nothing more than purple prose. I was hoping for more.
Last season got....well....slow. Hope this one picks up. It was a little slow and somewhat predictable. I still love the show
I feel like this isn't the right venue for Dark Minions, but then again, I'm not sure what would be. It's not quite off-kilter enough to be an Adult Swim comedy, though it does have moments of very Robot Chicken sensibility; It's too weed/cursing focused to be a show for adolescents, though I feel like with a little adjusting down, this would go over very well with the 12-15 set; It's got a little too much plot to be a video game, though I think a Ratchet and Clank-esque platformer with these characters would be pretty funny and have endless options for gameplay. Given that 75% of the show is still in animatics, it just screams unfinished, but I think that extends to the thought about the show as well. There are some great laughs in there, as a Galactic Overlord dealing with normal people needs and (to even greater success) bureaucracy is just inherently funny, but the weed jokes are lame (as they are most of the time), and something about the format (both claymation and the storyboard animatics) just doesn't play well to most types of humor. There's a kernel of a good idea here (and some great voice acting work by Richard Kind and Clancy Brown), but I don't think this is the right outlet.
I can see why it lasted a few episode.  It just was not an attention grabber and my son walked away after less than 5 min of it playing.
Doesn't maintain the suspense and continuity of the first system.  Seems to be bogging down and loosing direction. That's it.
Seen this many times before with different actors playing the same old role. Neesom is always good though and his presence alone made it worth watching.
The other reviewer of this show said it perfect; Sarah Shahi gets to 'shine' in this show as opposed to her rather 'dour' character presentation in her cop show "Life". And her 'shine' is awesome--she is gorgeous, sexy and has a spunky character to work with, but...the show seems to say "Mediation" is the second coming and that just didn't 'win' me over. Sarah's relationship with her ex-husband the DA is ok and I like how she interacts with the other characters in her short skirts but the 'meat' of the program that Mediation results in a 'win,win' situation for folks headed to Court with lawyers is just not that interesting or believeable. So I found Sarah a '10' and hope she finds another series that matches her dazzling beauty and personality, but I found this show just too 'dumb' and 'light' to continue watching after about 6 episodes. And for some reason, I got this show at Target a month ago 6 weeks before you could buy it on Amazon.
Amazon, please stop trying to make TV shows.  You are bad at it, and will lose tons of money.  This show has ugly actors, ugly production values, and they sing.  I skipped the opening song, turned it off after they broke out into another one.  Bad Amazon, bad.
Sadly, this movie disappointed. I was looking forward to the quirky girl who finds herself or love or something else interesting. Instead, we're treated to a histrionic college-age diva who lacks almost any redeeming qualities. Ostensibly, she wants to be a poet, and haunts the guy (John Cusack) who she idolizes. He lets her into his world, only to try to teach her a few lessons. However, our oblivious heroine fails to catch on until the very end, and even then, she remains barely likable. Of course there are the supporting cast of the usual suspects: the boy who paints only her, the loving couple that owns the adult book store, as well as the usual stereotypes. The premise had a long way to go, but it stayed too shallow, never delving into the young lady's lack of worldly experience, how that could have been remedied, and how she could have found meaning in her life that might have translated into worthy writing of poetry or another form. John Cusack played his character perfectly, and that was what keep me watching. Otherwise, it was simply the movie that couldn't end soon enough. Oh, well.
Now sure if I really will continue this series it is a bit immature for a adult audience. This is typical for the networks programming they took a good idea and messed it up. Unlike pure Science Fiction they had to add their political and environmental views to the story line I am sure the book is probably better. I will give it a few more episodes and then decide if I will continue. So far not impressed.
Just watching ticket writers got boring. My favorite part was the impound lot and when that was gone it lost its humor.
I agree with other reviews I have read about season 6 in that it was certainly different from the first 5 . The new characters seemed to have made the difference. Maybe should have quite while the writers were ahead. Loved the first 5 seasons.
I found this series opener full of the usual American empty characters and gratuitous emotion. No substantive plot. Plus, it was constantly interrupted by the Amazon downloading. I did not finish it.
It's ok.  Looking back it was just such a media circus.  Worth a watch if you want to see the beginnings of stupid media reporting.
The story is lame, the filming endeavored to make this seem &#34;campy&#34; made me sea sick instead.  Come on the movies made using this style understood that at some point the camera has to stop shaking....  And the story, well honestly ordinary trash.
I thought that the idea of this movie was good, however the execution of this movie was really disappointing.  There was a whole lot of something and something and then some more something that lead to a whole lot of nothing.  The best part of this movie is the trailer once you've seen that you have seen enough.
This pilot was pretty good.  I would like to see more humor...that would actually make people laugh out loud, and additional, more interesting actors.  The pilot was very short and we did not have the opportunity to see if there is much going on with the story line. I would like to see more and am not sure yet if it will keep my interest for the length of a movie.
There's isn't much to say about ths film except it's pretty forgettable in most every way. It has it's moments but can't maintain the feeling of dread you might hope to find here, this is not movie making at it's best. Is it terrible? no it isn't terrible. The actors walk through their roles and say their lines. The fading fad of &#34;shakey camera&#34; camera work - first put to use in the sleeper runaway hit The Blair Witch Project becomes tiresome here. If you get the chance to see it on cable or stream it for free I would say give it a shot - you may like it.That said, if you pay to see it chances are if you're both a horror buff and film fanatic you'll wish you had that hour and a half back as well as your money.
This is a b movie that some people are saying has second hand effects.  Well that's not exactly the case as this movie has effects that are current but not super expensive like a A movie would have.  It's worth noting that a b movie from the late 00's is now capable of better effects than many a movies from 15 years ago.Technology is progressing very quickly indeed.  I did enjoy this movie in spite of the fact that the plot was indeed hard to comprehend at first.  And we never find out what created the machine that creates mutants.  Which makes this even more like a video game and the effects do reflect that origin directly.  This is like a video game in look but video game effects are quite impressive these days.  As Cgi evolves A movie effects will become extremely real visions and even b movies will be able to come close to that eventually.  The acting is not third string though with the great John Malkovich and excellent actors Sean Pertwee, Thomas Jane, and  Ron Perlman on board too.  So it's not the acting that is the problem here it's the fact that this is video game made into a movie without much explanation.  But as I watch very old sci fi movies (as far back as the 30's)  and enjoy them the effects would be seen as  a miracle by even 1970's standards , so that's not a big deal to me.  And the sci fi channel does have great effects  on their various "stargate" series.  The effects here are comparible to their movies of the last four years and the really cool sanctuary" tv series.  This is a decent low budget sci fi movie in spite of it's flaws.
I think I can say I'm a BIG Doctor Who fan, but this new season of the Doctor is not as good as I hoped.  When we were first introduced to Matt Smith it was so fun! But season 6 brought some hits and misses. So I guess I might be expecting too much for this season, but I know Steve is doing a bang up job.  I just hope when it comes back in the winter and spring it will be phenominal. Just a little request;)!
I like that humanity must work together and give up their differences to conquer the bad ETs but quite honestly I would like to see the good ETs and what they have to say about humanity.
This movie circa 1950 is poorly done by today's standards.Plot is not believable not at all realistic.Some bigger names in the cast but acting is poor.I do not recommend this movie.
I really enjoy watching the girls dance but the show is called Dance Moms for a reason. There is a lot of drama and swearing with a fair bit of bad behavior from the moms mixed in. You have to have a stomach for nonsense to watch this show.
Possible spoilers.High concept and no-brain techno-thriller about a young woman using a video chat room as part of a grant-funded project who becomes the target of a high-tech psychopath.  Unfortunately every ounce of thought that was put into this movie went into the visual design (Let's shoot a movie where all the footage is on web cams and computer screens--cool!) and none apparently went into the threadbare and consistently illogical script.The problems start almost immediately when our heroine pitches her project to the university board.  Her pitch is basically I'm going to use a video chat for three months and find out about people and stuff.  Despite the lack of any apparent scientific purpose to her project it's approved--and then things rapidly get more idiotic.The Den is one of those video chat sites where you can switch from person to person randomly, pressing next if you don't like what you see.  The filmmakers didn't give any thought to what you might actually see on such a chat site--what they come up with is and old, overweight woman with too much make-up filming herself laughing like she's a character in a David Lynch movie; a group of people who prank unwitting viewers by playing a fake game of Russian roulette; some guy with a cute dancing penis puppet; etc.  While this is all stuff that would not be out of place on You Tube as filmed video if this were being performed live in a rapid screen chat environment then basically you would have people performing the same bit of performance art over and over and over every 30 seconds or so, which is about as believable as anything else in this train-wreck.The heroine is supposedly tech savvy, yet it's obvious very early in the movie that her laptop has been hacked and she does absolutely nothing about it.  It's not like she has no options--she could ask her techi  pal who set up the video recording software on her computer to take a look or she could just ditch the infected laptop and use some of her grant money for a new computer.  Even after she tells her project adviser from the university that her computer has been hacked she still continues to use it and does nothing to protect herself.Later her boyfriend disappears and she's sure it's related to whomever is stalking her via the internet.  This is such a basic idea that you would think there's no way the filmmakers could screw it up but they do.  You see not only did the boyfriend disappear but every scrap of furniture in his apartment disappeared as well, leaving nothing behind but a laptop which is on the floor transmitting to the villain (or villains).  When someone who has a job and a girlfriend disappears for a day or two without warning they don't take their furniture with them--it would have been much less suspicious (not to mention a lot less work) if the villain (or villains) had grabbed the b.f. without also cleaning out his apartment.  Luckily for the villain (but unfortunate for the heroine as well as common sense) the police don't find the situation suspicious at all and tell her to stop wasting their time.The Den actually continues to get worse after that until it finally runs out of even bad ideas and pretty much just turns into an amazingly dumb and gore free knock-off of Hostel if it were directed by Uwe Boll in first-person video game mode.Not recommended unless you are determined to see every single horror movie that comes out this year.
Satire and senseless violence I love.  I tolerate the pot culture and the sexual references.  The language is what made me almost drop the episode.Meta explaining the work-in-progress through stop motion and drawing boards is pretty classic.It's got promise.  I would have given it 5 stars and watch the season if I got a PG version.  I'd even settle for a safe PG13/TV14 territory, but it's pushing the envelope even there.
i saw the &#34;f&#34; word was used liberally and i don't need any filthy words for entertainment. too bad hollywood hasn't grown up and cleaned up their vocabulary.
If you hate the gop & any thoughts that are not left of center..this is your show. Don't we get enough of that on abc, nbc and cbs? Disappointing Amazon. Love you guys...this is beneath you.
I think Browsers could be a great musical movie, or maybe a Broadway stage production to later become a movie, especially given Bebe Neuwirth's stage experience, and she shows it well in this Devil Wears Prada for the online crowd.  It would make a good 2-3 hour stage play about the interns having a week or two to make it in the business, sort of a modern day "How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying".  Unfortunately, this would not work as a TV series.  Cop Rock and Smash didn't last, but Dr. Horrible worked because it was a three episode Web series that lasted an hour in total.  And Glee?  Remember they do versions of popular songs and few originals.  So to write a new song or two per episode?  That is asking way too much and it will get tired fast.  So I would suggest Amazon not green light this show but those behind the show consider making a movie.  Raising funds through Kickstarter could make it happen.
This was actually a theatrical release. And in 3d , I  have the 3d version from Europe. (you need a all region player to watch it that way though) and this should have been released in 3d blu ray here too. It was shot in 3d and at the filmhouses in 3d too. But like the hole we only got the 2d version. I will say that in 3d this looks really good and it's native 3d! SO it's just got a great picture.  Most people saw this in 2d which sucks!. The film is a very low budget affair. WIth minimum effects , and it concerns a haunted apartment.  People don't give this one a break but unlike most horror films this one spares no one. So the evil wins, which is very rare in horror cinema!  The scene where a character is thrown from the window and falls is very well done and looks outstanding in 3d.  The rest of the effects are just the bare minimum. But there is nothing wrong with the acting as some have said. They do a good job here. Rebecca de morney plays a dysfunctional mom, here, and it's good that she's acting , she's still great looking in her fifties too.  This is a ok little budget horror film. That is basically a haunted house flick, but at least it's native 3d. And that's makes a huge difference for this film. otherwise it's just a another very low budget film.
Great education for understanding the various breeds of dogs but would like to see comparisons of other dogs in each breed.
I read the book a while back--all 1,000+ pages of it--and as a long-time Stephen King fan, I enjoyed his verbosity and virtuosity.  The TV version promises to be as long-winded as the book, since it will be coming back for a second season, so I wonder what exactly King will add to it to make us care that these people are still trapped under the dome.This take on UTD is soapier, sexier, and with nastier bad guys.  I kinda sorta like it--it's entertaining enough for a summer evening--but it is what it is:  an escapist TV series, soon forgotten.  I'm feeling more claustrophobic every week just thinking about all those disparate characters trapped together. Don't know if I'll last through the second season because I can't really identify with any of the characters.
I'd like to say that this TV series had something going for it other than Mireille Enos' winning smile, a nice sound track, and some pretty good photography. But those three qualities could not compensate for the astonishingly bad script, the relentless over-acting, and producers who had no idea where they were. This was Seattle, for godssake - not LA, not Chicago, not Philly - SEATTLE.The plot was stolen from Twin Peaks. There is a murder, and in the course of solving it the sordid underbelly of the entire town - its intrigues, its nasty secrets, its dirty laundry - is revealed. But unlike Twin Peaks, which had a sense of humor, The Killing takes itself seriously ... which was a mistake. (I confess I did laugh at times, but it wasn't a jolly laugh.) You just can't have that much stupidity on screen without making your story ludicrous.And, boy, was this show ludicrous. Here are some highlights: cops run a plate but don't know that the vehicle has been reported stolen, to interview a bus driver, cops have to get on a bus and ride around on it all day (Hello? The employer is the city, which has employee records), a former hit man for the Polish mafia has no police records because it was "a long time ago" (like before the printing press was invented), the hit man takes revenge for his daughter's murder based on a positive ID of his daughter's shirt made by his incredibly, incredibly stupid wife, and so it goes, on and on, stupidity after stupidity. And to make up for the fact that the writing was abysmal (what white guy ever refers to another white person as having a skinny "white ass") they stuffed each episode with so many red herrings you could smell them all the way to Denmark.At this point, I simply cannot bear to watch any more. My son said he couldn't make it past the pilot. I should have listened to him.
Way to weird  fit me. I have a difficult time with this type of film. I would not watch again.
Stereotypical characters, marginal performances, someone trying to get in on the whole &#34;under the dome&#34; craze.And they're running sirens through the whole damn episode, I started to get a headache after awhile.World is in turmoil, I get it, thumpy music is nice for accents on the plot, but drive that music through the whole show and sirens at top volume and oh yeah, that's fun to listen to (sarcasm)Hoped to get a winner from these pilots, so far, no good.
This is an okay show--my 4-year-old and 7-year-old enjoy most of the stories (though there have been complaints that one or two are too scary--they still watch them all of course).  The only reason I don't give it a higher rating is that there is very little of educational value here, and the animation is, frankly, cheap.  It will keep them busy but there's better things to watch if you can find them.
I live in DC...some of this is funny and all to real. Other  stuff...well not so much as it seems scripted  and Troudeau  knows better.
No new ground here, but it is worth watching. Nice location shots, decent action and some good looking characters. Stories are okay to good.
One of my favorite random "30 Rock" gags of recent vintage is that the show-within-the-show only got on the air as NBC's way of apologizing for having aired "Bitch Hunter," a misogynist action drama starring Will Ferrell as a hero who barks out dialogue like, "Put the mimosas down, bitch!" Each time we'd see a clip of "Bitch Hunter," it would come with a credit listing the various writers and producers, which included eccentric former NBC president Ben Silverman, "Mad Men" creator Matthew Weiner and "30 Rock" writer Jack Burditt.At the time, I just took it as a friendly dig at one of the series' own writers. But having watched two episodes of "Last Man Standing", the Burditt-created sitcom in which Tim Allen plays a sexist, homophobic, xenophobic sporting goods executive, I had the following thoughts:1)Allen's character would probably be right in the "Bitch Hunter" target demo;2)"Last Man Standing" is Burditt participating in an elaborate practical joke to see how much of that ethos he can put into a network sitcom; or3)That "30 Rock" kept associating "Bitch Hunter" with Burditt was less a friendly joke than a veiled cry for help.Allen's Mike Baxter has a cliched sitcom wife - always rolling her eyes at his foolishness but ultimately going along - named Vanessa, a trio of daughters and a job at Outdoor Man, a sporting goods company defined for so long by Mike's real baby: a catalog featuring photos of outdoor men doing manly outdoor things in exotic locales. But as boss Ed points out, not enough people read catalogs anymore, so Mike's globe-trotting lifestyle gets grounded while he tries to fix the company's terrible website - and so he can realize how much his girls need a man around the house.The youngest of them is played by Kaitlyn Dever, who was so incredible last season as the orphaned Loretta on "Justified." I know work is work, but it's  disheartening to see her here.Mike's a guy's guy who has no idea what "Glee" or the Harry Potter books are, is happy to be at the office because, quote, "it smells like balls in here," and seems convinced that his family in particular and the world in general are going to hell in a hand basket because there aren't enough real men anymore."Men used to build cities just so we could burn them down!" he rants during a webcast that unexpectedly turns into a viral sensation. "You can't even change a tire! A tire! Why don't you get off the couch, you moron, and go outside!?!?"Other jokes involve Mike being uncomfortable about other cultures, gay people and immigrants, among others.Allen played a similar character on "Home Improvement," and while I was never a big fan of that show, I don't remember Tim Taylor ever being this abrasive. I didn't like Tim Taylor, but I didn't instantly hate him the way I do within 90 seconds or so of being with Mike Baxter.And there's humor to be mined from a prejudiced and/or reactionary character. See Archie Bunker, most famously, or Stacy Keach on "Titus," or even much of what Burditt and company had Jack Donaghy say and do on "30 Rock." But those shows told those jokes with more style, and usually had an awareness of the ludicrous and/or offensive nature of those characters' words and deeds. "Last Man Standing" doesn't.Allen's a comedy professional, beloved sitcom star and the voice of Buzz Lightyear. These are all things that would lead me to assume that the studio audience - a species that tends to be generous with their laughter, anyway, by virtue of being physically present and encouraged by the warm-up guy - would enthusiastically respond to all of these groaners. Yet the episodes ABC made so far were clearly done before the laugh track was sweetened - a common industry practice where the studio audience's laughter is augmented with pre-recorded laughs from older sitcoms - and you can hear crickets most of the time."Last Man Standing" is the first of three new ABC comedies in which men struggle with what it means to be men in a world dominated by women. Each of them - "Man Up!" and "Work It" are the others - are terrible in their own way, but given the presence of Burditt behind the camera, and Allen in front of it, the cringe-inducing badness of this one feels the most frustrating.Unless, again, the whole thing is a very expensive, well-disguised prank.
Dark Minions is a sci-fi comedy that's best described as a cross between Family Guy and Red Dwarf, with a little Dilbert and Cheech & Chong thrown in for kicks.  The storyline has potential, and I'm sure it would appeal to a lot of college-age viewers, but with a little fine-tuning it could be made to appeal to a broader audience.  Also, the drug references and usage are a little over the top, and it's been done before.As I said, it has great potential, but sci-fi comedy is a very tricky subject.  It would be great if this could be turned into a more serious (but also funny) series.  I just fear it could devolve into an R-rated version of Futurama.
The idea of taking someone and hiding them away until the ransom is collected is not new, and that is the main story here.  What is new, though, is the fact that they are hidden underground in a remote area in the mountains and found by mountain climbers/hikers.It does get very gory at times but you have to expect that from the contract killers/goons who took the young girl to begin with.
Most of the episodes in each season of Leverage have been great "sting" operations that reeled you in BUT this episode The Gold Job was filled with things that only as idiot would fall for and since it challenged my common sense this (and ONLY this) episode gets 3 Stars for the producers getting lazy.
Great start, but once again, the second episode is available only as SD.  For those of us who watch this in HD, I guess we will have to wait a few more days.  I have no idea why there are delays with some TV shows to get the latest episode.
The series concept is excellent.  But the execution is just OK.  Lackluster direction and production (taking into account that the jury-rigged nature of the inventions is part of the charm).  And way too many flatulence jokes.  It's a solid start.  But the concept deserves significantly better execution.  However, if this is the best story they can come up with (and they've had a long time to work on the pilot), then I  caution against going into series with this show.
I really enjoyed Jim Beaver's character this season but for me this show never lived up to its promise and my interest is running out of steam. I think because it is so close to a network cop show with quirks, I'm not as interested in the show. I prefer character development and the characters are pretty shallow. Boyd isn't the most interesting of evil villains either. It doesn't seem to logical to let him out and the logical step from season 1 was to just put him in prison. I miss Deadwood.
This series has lost considerable steam, mainly due to that fact they keep reusing the same plot line.The characters are still fun to have visit every week, even if their stories feel a lil' like you've heard them before.
Grimm is pretty entertaining.  It can be predictable but it is pretty good. The violence is too scary for pre-teen children.
From the preview commercials, I thought this series was going to be a psychological thriller with a &#34;sprinkle&#34; of supernatural.  After viewing the first five episodes, I'm not impressed.  Freakish fans looking for clues in a show; a man trying to find his brother, a woman wanting to know the reason why her father disappeared and a show about a cult that's iffish at best.I wouldn't recommend this series.  I'm quite sure (hopefully!) it'll get better (hopefully!).  Yes, I meant to type hopefully! twice.  LOL I would like to know others view on it.
Max (James McAvoy) got shot in the knee by a major league criminal Jacob Sternwood (Mark Strong). Three years later Max's knee still bother's him as does the fact he let one get away. Max teams up with Sarah (Andrea Riseborough) as it appears they may have a second chance at him. In this partnership Max has the brains and Sarah has the kahunas.The film is a bit twisty and it is easy to get lost if you don't pay attention. This is a crime action adventure which has its fair share of drama, enough to slow it up for a breather. The action scenes are spread out to a finale at the OK Corral. It is worth a rental if you are a fan of British crime movies, but not the one you would want to wean yourself on.Parental Guide: F-bomb. No sex or nudity.
Whitney Pilot [HD]copy of " Friends" ,  is not so bad, but many years watch shows like this , i need a break , ok!
I'm usually down for a good film-based documentary, so I decided to give this one a try as it looked like such an interested concept.  While it was indeed a very intriguing subject, one has to truly be a hard-core film buff (the technical stuff) to really get into it.The topic of "digital film" vs "celluloid film" truly is a fascinating one and deserves a documentary like this.  Whenever a medium change is about to define any industry, it is always a turning point filled with pros and cons that must be discussed in order to obtain some sort of understanding.  That concept is the high point of "Side by Side".Sadly, I wish they would have made this doc a bit more "user-friendly" to those (like me) who wanted to see the comparison "in action".  There is far too much "talking" and far too little actually comparison of the two film methods.  Clearly, this was a doc made for not just film buffs, but more towards camera buffs who really get into the technical stuff.The choice of Keanu Reeves as narrator/host is also a terrible one, as his dry, bland story lends nothing towards the excitement factor.Thus, "Side by Side" will be a great little doc for those internally fascinated by film.  If you are just a "movie fan", however, you can probably skip it.
I guess if you're a Glee fan, maybe this type of show works for you but I only lasted 2 minutes into the intro when I wanted to change the channel. I guess I haven't enjoyed a show with singing since Ally McBeal. Sorry, I'll have to pass.
This singer has an interesting background, but her music doesn't do much for me. Thought it might be a good doc;but it's really a concert. So if a fan, you will like it.
I was around for the beginning of the pc, in Silicon Valley. It's nice to imagine that there were buckling swashes masquerading as cutting edge, rapaciously smart, self revving wunderkind who sipped energy drinks while shagging blondes with one hand and editing information hierarchy with the other. However. If one can get past the easy stereotyping for modern audiences, I suppose this show is easy to swallow. It's just that, after seeing other shows on air now, that invest more time in building a solid structure to build in to instead of coining stereotypes to play off of, it's really hard to accept Heineken for Budweiser.
Watched the first three episodes..Didn't laugh once. It's uninspired. The writing is corny, the cast is too mismatched, unappealing. Felt like a public access ensemble - anyone who showed up to audition got a part...I won't be watching after this.. A murder she wrote marathon would have more substance and coherent dialogue. I know Amazon is just starting out with this tv venture, but so far, 0 for 0..and yeah, I saw Alpha House too..That's not much better than Betas.. I've also noticed that both shows are taking the PC thing to all new levels.. every race is being represented. It's obvious to the point they are trying way too hard, that it's a turn off..Kinda like the ways commercials on network tv are all coded in such a way now that it's almost reverse racism... Diversity is a great thing when it happens naturally.. but when it's forced..it's feels that way.. and it's not only uncomfortable, it's annoying.. Oh, and not one gay character on the Amazon shows..unless you count the self loathing closet case who is the bunt of the show's jokes..like it's 1985 or something....Poor Amazon..
Yeah, we celebrate holidays you make up on the fly. There are actual holidays you could use. You don't have to make stuff up.
"What difference does it make, what more can you take from me?" After a home invasion leaves his wife and daughter dead, John (Adkins) is after revenge from the group behind it. Since this is like the fifth movie in the series this review will be short. Either you will watch it or you won't. I have to say that this is not my kind of movie. I am not really into these type of let's make another movie in this series type movies. Movies like this with just action and no real story are not interesting to me. I know a lot of people will disagree with me but I had a hard time staying with this movie and by the end I was just glad it was over. Overall, not my kind of movie. I give it a D+.
It was alright.  I was not crazy about it when I saw the pilot and never keep up with it.
I love the concept for this show. Instead of superheros with superpowers dressing up in tights to save the world, Heroes features a bunch of ordinary citizens who have superpowers - and face the consequences. These characters each have unique powers and each copes with the powers in his or her unique way. The show had a lot of potential for character development and moral allegory.I think the show partly succeeds in the former. Some of the characters become quite interesting and unique. However, unfortunately, too many of the characters are too milquetoast. It's as if in not wanting to make the characters comic book superheroes the show makes them boring. I think this was the wrong direction. Too many of these characters would have been interchangeable with your average soap opera character with little difference, except for the flying, electricity, etc.Where the show really disappointed me is the story. There was a lot of potential, but the writers chose to go with the usual tropes of 1) a secret corporate conspiracy, and 2) a psychopathic villain. I for one am sick of these. In recent years it seems like most sci-fi shows have adopted one or both of these tropes. Few of the episodes provide particularly thoughtful plots. I didn't ever find myself thinking that the show raised a particularly interesting or novel moral issue. Too bad.Season 2 actually was better in some ways than Season 1. I loved Hiro's "hero's quest." Hiro is one of the few characters I've come to care about. He provides a wonderful mix of humor and thoughtfulness. Kristen Bell's psychotic Elle was also a nice addition. She's one of the few characters who has the potential to develop into a larger, more interesting personality.However, Season 2 suffers from a lack of focus. There's no ticking bomb or the equivalent. Sylar is still around, hitchhiking and the like, but he's not the main threat. I like the idea of a slower season, but this season just went slow nowhere. Even worse, Sylar is just getting annoying. He's lost his powers, but the other characters still can't seem to kill him. This is partly because they are incredibly dumb. Several characters see Sylar distracted, and then proceed to announce their presence and warn Sylar of the risk. Note to superheroes: when you're facing an incredibly dangerous super being, stealth is good. Sneak up on him and shoot. Don't give him a chance to shoot first. A few too many moments like this one for Sylar and the other villains just reduce the respect viewers have for the heroes.Overall, I'd give it 3 stars. Good for what it is, but it becomes tiresome after a while.
This comedy series has improved over time.  Less of the stand up and more heart felt sketch comedy about a middle aged man dealing with the vagaries of life.
Intended as an indictment of the one-percenters, but falling completely flat due to a lifeless script that has been done more times than Pamela Anderson has been mounted.Always affable Richard Gere plays Robert Miller, investment fund guru and billionaire. A power player on The Street with the grandiose nickname of 'The Oracle', given in response to his ability to forecast trends and seeing opportunities that the average manager did not. A man who is respected by his peers, adored by his investors, and loved by his family. He has it all. And as we get past the glossy introduction scenes, the dark and ugly revelations are quick and decidedly unremarkable.Unsurprisingly, Bob is a lying philanderer abusing the love of a good wife; a corrupt businessman who has manipulated and leveraged his company's assets into a wholly illegal and monstrously devastating position. And a self-absorbed narcissist who, when pushed, reveals his twisted inner essence. In a nutshell - evil dressed in a power suit and handsome frame.Yes, we get it. The one-percenters are moral frauds and ethical failures.Not a particular fresh revelation.And based on the brief revolting experiences I had scoping out various published society pages of Gotham, Malibu, Bean Town and the Potomac palaces - almost certainly an accurate portrait of most of the upper echelon and their stunning disconnect from us, the remaining 99%. Only $2 million dollars indeed.But an entire film restating the obvious isn't particularly creative or enjoyable.A production made worse with the stunningly linear role of the oh-so-tragic figure of Mrs. Ellen Miller, played by Susan Sarandon. Ah yes, she of the steadfast homefront, withstanding her partner's past indiscretions, supporting his weakness - loving the man for all his foibles and shortcomings until finally discovering who she had really married. And in a final&eacute; worthy of a Lifetime Channel flick - a karmic resetting of the scales by delivering societal goodness under a false banner of generosity. Cut to the award scene where she delivers slow perfunctory claps from a sitting position while everyone else is standing and cheering in admiration.Depressingly predictable.The sole presence that I found even mildly engaging was Stuart Margolin as Miller's personal attorney. I have very fond memories of the character actor as the persecuted neurotic goof from a multitude of comedies during the 70's and 80's. Screening him some forty years later as a calculating thousand-dollar-an-hour legal eagle was surprisingly enjoyable. But noting his wonderful performance was like noting a sweet cherry on top of a bored moose's steaming dung pile.I would love to say that there was something here worth spending entertainment funds or precious time out of one's life - but after thirty or so minutes I started to press the FF every few frames; skipping over ground that, quite frankly, started to put me to sleep. Literally.Destined for the OWN Channel's rotation.Movie Note:- In all honesty, to get a better sense of these people and their lives, I would strongly suggest watching "Margin Call" from 2011.
This was a rather long, boring, dry, chronicle of the Queen of England. Maybe the folks in the UK enjoy it.
Personally - I like these types of story lines.  This did not hold my attention and dragged on in my opinion.  Plot development lacked in keeping my interest.  I didn't understand what happened- then the alien- makes no sense all 8 wouldn't have some type of urgency for their families or loved ones - not realistic at all
Michael's character background turns out not to be as strong interesting or as deep as I had hoped. All the other characters faded into the background as well. Mistake. Those relationships are what kept me watching. Finale was pretty good though.
I watched in all the way through...I just did not think that the acting was that good and the plot or how it progressed was boring...probably won't watch any of the other episodes.
I am so tired of Olivia and her quivering lip over some man in her life letting her down again. It's getting boring.
For serious scifi fans, this could have been a decent pilot with some changes. I applaud the filmmakers for their efforts, but there are some serious flaws, which made me, as a fan of scifi, just shake my head. First, having a crew chief flag in technologically advanced spaceships, with flashlight wands, is just plain dumb. If the society is so advanced, and they have nav 'puters, this just doesn't make sense. Also, there is no noise in the vacuum of space, people! And these were not the most serious mistakes made. All in all, the story could have been better, with a little more fleshing out. Like, what the heck happened to the antagonist? That is never explained. Anyway, had really great potential, but really just turned out "meh".
Enjoyed the series as far as it went! I know the story revolves around one particular man and his trials and victories, however I would like to have seen more history involved! The state of the European continent was very much a reason for the search for new lands to the west!!
If this show makes it out of all the other ones then there's no hope for humanity, cop shows thrive on dragging on and being boring as always.
I am sure that I would have enjoyed this series but did not get through the first episode before switching off due to the awful language.  Surely these men could be expected to have a larger vocabulary.  All in all I was very disappointed and would not recommend anyone to watch the series.
Well, let's give it points for trying, but A Dark Truth, a new Canadian produced echo-thriller unfortunately can't get it's act together. It's self important and semi-pretenses, but it can't be said that it doesn't means well. Few movies address the issue of water rights in South America, and dare I say, even fewer action movies do. So, trying must account for something, but the sad truth is that A Dark Truth is a bust that never manages to succeed in it`s intent, but it's intentions are noble enoughThe nearly always reliable Andy Garcia, recently and bewildering returning to leading man status, stars as Jack Begoison, a former CIA operative turned talk radio host. He lives in Canada, which might explain why his radio show isn't a bunch of crazy rants about the supervise political message of Dr. Seus' the Lorax or that the Dark Knight Rises is an attack on a prominent Republican candidate. Although, one caller does ask about aliens in the white house. All of this has next to nothing to do with the movie, so let's get back to that.From writer/director Damien Lee, who has more than twenty films to his directing  credit, movies such as Abraxas, Guardian of the Universe (starring Jesse Ventura) and Terminal Rush (with "Rowdy" Roddy Piper), among other movies you haven't seen and other titles you`ll scoff at,. Lee seems to be prolific in the video/DVD world, I hesitate to say efficient, but I don't think I have ever seen a movie he has made before. However, I feel safe in assuming this movie inadequacies are due to his rather dubious skills.A Dark Truth comes across looking very bad. It's not well made, rather dull in it's cinematography and editing. It's writing is more an assembling of clich&eacute;s than an actually story, and some of the performances are rather lifeless. It's the kind of theatrical film that only the first week of January can deliver.It can only be surmised that actors, a talented lot like Garcia, Eva Longoria, Forest Whitaker, Deborah Kara Unger, Kim Coates and Steven Bauer came on board this film because they believed in it's message. Which is more understandable than wanting to say I just made a movie for the director ofAbraxas. Unfortunately, the message is lost in this muddled mess and all that's left is a sad looking and less than entertaining jungle adventure. Whitaker seems asleep most of the time and Coates for the first time makes for a dull villain, it's a shame when Bauer gives the best performance.About the half way point, A Dark Truth, abandons it's original serious minded intent and becomes a rather indolent and generic action flick. The action scenes are badly filmed, too boat. Then it precedes to go on for too long fast tracking itself into a preachy On Deadly Ground style bummer. A Dark Truth may long to be a message film, but it ends up being the kind of movie that Tom Berenger used to make. I think few will see it, and even fewer will take anything useful from it.see my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
Not for me as an adult.  I loved the concept because the subject interests me, but this has sunk to the level of lewd, rude, and crude. I'm sorry to say I don't find it entertaining.  However, I have watched only one episode, so I will check one or two more to see if it begins to appeal to me.  Right now, I think its intended audience is teenagers. It has potential for a much broader appeal, but I don't think it will reach for that.
There is far better writing and comedy in the Amazon Pilot program.The same ol'formula will get the same ol'laughs...Not impressed at all.There is an instant lack of credibility when the PFL gets thrown into the mix..
Red Road is confusing to watch from the start. The actors just seem uncomfortable in their parts which makes you want to watch something else.
The characters seem to be stereotypical and there are too many of them. The premise of the show seems good but it's very unclear and unfocused. There are weird creatures, mass amnesia, loud sounds that break glass once in a while, selective power outages, strangely locked doors, and an unclear timeline. If there was more orginization instead of the producers trying to throw every scenario into a 50 minute time frame, the show would be successful.
Happened upon this on Netflix. Thrilled that I didn't pay money for this - and I can't believe there are actually 5 star reviews here. This movie has no point - is not funny, and I can't believe I watched it until the end. None of the characters are remotely likeable, and the 'bridesmaids' (supposedly friends of the bride?) are horrible to her. Don't waste your time, even if it's free.
There is way too much of an emphasis on Juliette's woes this season. If she were at least a mimimally competent actress it might work, but she's limited to one -- count 'em, one -- facial expression, and that's it. Furthermore, her face screams COSMETIC SURGERY and she looks fake. Her nose is too pinched, her lips are over-botoxed, her hairline is receding, she has an overbite for Christ's sake, and her arms are fat and doughy. It's impossible to take her seriously or care what happens to her. Nick and the rest of the crew make the show worthwhile. They ought to get rid of Juliette.
I really did not like anything about this show.  The actors and their characters were aggravating, whiny, self-involved and colorless.  I had trouble finishing the 30 minute segment.
I looked forward to this show as Las Vegas had been one of my favorite destinations especially the Fremont street area in the decades from the 1960's through the 1990's. I went to gamble and the Strip was not the place to do that sort of fun activity, poor odds and game rules.  So as I look at this show as regards the entertainment factor I can say it's OK.  Scripts were predictable, characters were cardboard standups, and overall typical bland TV pap.  Now I didn't expect this show to be historically accurate to the last detail but too many things were wrong.  This show was supposed to be taking place about 1961, but cars used ranged from Fords and Chevys from the mid-50's (OK) to the mid-1960's (not OK). Also some of the casino signs for casinos supposedly along the downtown area were from the Strip, i.e. the Stardust. It appears the producers raided the sign graveyard and used the signs in the best condition.  What broke my heart, because I once was an avid car collector, was the senseless destruction of limited collector quality cars. I'm sure that if CGI  was used it would have been less expensive and just as realistic as the destruction of the actual cars. Those scenes were on the screen a few seconds only.  Overall my stay awake rating is a Ho-Hum Yawn.
I'll be stunned if a worse movie comes out this year. If you liked Wicker Man and thought it needed to be slower, mix more genres, and be a bigger waste of time, then this film will be right up your alley. It's the kind of film that makes me rethink people's recommendations because if they liked this then we're most certainly looking for different things out of two hours of our time.
Not really something my family would watch. But it was ok. May find an audience of young kids that would like it.
I hoped this would be interesting but it was simply too low-budget for the idea of pre-WWII spies in Warsaw.
Cute movie with a unique plot, but far too predictable and often times bland.  The little girl makes the movie, though Jennifer Garners acting is superb.  Not the best, but definitely not a bad movie.  It wasn't worth the Watch While It's In Theaters price though.  I would wait until it is cheaper.
When the main character says &#34;I just want this to end&#34;,  boy did I agree with her.  Since she is french, I'll try to say it in french:  Qu'est ce qu'on charge de merde!Everything about this was awful.  From the idea to the writing to the acting.  This is an unoriginal, uninspired cross between the Walking Dead and the show where Ichabod Crane is in 21st C New England.  it also cleaves to convention heavily; the pilot plot was quite predictable.  Oh, wait:  was that seriously Peter Sarsgaard in there for a minute?  It is shocking to see an actor of his caliber in this tripe.  THAT was unpredictable.  Honestly, this wouldn't make it ten episodes on network TV.  And that french chick is so annoying I found it difficult to make it through even one episode.  Her acting is worse than my french.  Everyone involved should be ashamed of themselves.
Some of the acting to me is less than desirable.  It seems like some minor characters' roles are written to give their small parts too much significance.  However, I definitely want to know more.  The clues about Detective Bosch's past give you enough to speculate, but not quite enough to make the answers predictable.  A perfect mixture for great suspense.
Someone said in the long time ago that people see what they expect to see. If &#8220;Room 237&#8221; proves something, it is exactly this famous saying. The film is a documentary about five avid fans of Stanley Kubrick&#8217;s classic &#8220;The Shining,&#8221; who present through voiceover their theories about the hidden meanings by analyzing the details.The idea is great. Execution is not. Each commentator&#8217;s analysis is introduced in a random way, and there is no sense of structure and narrative development in the whole film. The documentary goes on and on jumping from one theory to another without exploring any of these contents.I believe Stanley Kubrick paid attention to every single detail, down to the number of the room, even though I do think some part of these details is accidental. Still, I admire the passion and enthusiasm of these five fans, and some of their analysis are really interesting (about a wrecked red Volkswagen beetle, for instance), but most of them are just far-fetched and uninteresting. Fakes moon landing? Oh, please.There is one good thing about the documentary, and that is it has a lot of footage from the original film. After all the merit of watching &#8220;Room 237&#8221; is that it reminds us of how great &#8220;The Shining&#8221; is.
There's not much innovative in this script. A brilliant-but-rebellious cop with rugged good looks and a tendency for self-destruction investigates a stone-cold whodunit whilst simultaneously fighting the system.The show has some amazing actors (e.g., Titus Welliver and Lance Reddick), but the writing comes across as flat. The pilot certainly has mass appeal, but it just doesn't interest me personally.
Ever since "The Gangs of New York" I have loved the ferment of Civil War New York.  So I am primed to love this show, and the sets and costuming do not disappoint.  However, much of the plot is nonsensical and the acting is wildly uneven.  I'll keep watching, but I hope the rest of the show rises to the level of its surfaces.
The lesser scene involved a man who beat up another man supposedly because the second man did wrong by his brother.  If I understand the scenario correctly, one man was East Asian and the other Pacific Islander.  Politically, the groups are lumped together as "API."  However, this may be an actual sign of interethnic tensions.  The Asian guy has a white girlfriend and luckily the interracial coupling is never presented as problematic.Now onto the zebra.  It's not everyday that one sees a zebra in the US outside of a zoo.  This does show the wide vareity of issues a cop must address, but this was not a crime.  As I watched it, I kept saying, "I hope the zebra's owner has to pay for all this."  There are rules about owning wild animals and I don't think the taxpayers should have to shoulder that bill.  Later, they get the zebra inside a horse buggie, but the buggie already has a "typical" horse in it.  None of the cops mention it, but I was thinking, "If the zebra and horse are of the opposite sex, one of them could give birth to a zorse or a hebra after this setup!"  The zebra jumped into a pool at one point and the chlorine didn't seem to upset it, by the way.
A rating of PG is outrageous.  The explicit  overreach of sexual content is beyond the pale.  This is not a movie for children, teens, twenties, thirties etc......Movie studios need to wake up to their responsibility to the milieu.  When Almighty God told us not to break the Commandments,  He Meant It. A wink and nod has been given to the Movie studios and now we live with the consequences  and spiritual cost of all of it.  Must I explain the difference between love and lust or do most of you get it?  The acting was horrible, the story line was chopped up and the unredeeming end was a poor excuse for a movie. My Uncle fought in the Great War so believe me when I tell you that the men did not sit around the trenchs WHNING. They fought and died to win our freedom from tyranny by pushing the enemy back to Berlin.  This movie belongs in the hall of shame.
because I didn't see or don't remember seeing any additional clips from 'next weeks' show.  The show is okay so far because of Natalie Martinez.  She is very good, but they need to move the story along or else I'm rooting for the dome.
Taking a popular fictional series and adapting it to fit a one-hour television format has to be a daunting task.  Sure, it's been done with some success such as Robert B. Parker's Spenser and Jesse Stone or Tony Hillerman's  Chee & Leaphorn novels (though except Spenser the other's were 2-hour movies).With A&E;'s "Longmire" they have taken Craig Johnson's present-day sheriff of Absaroka County, Wyoming and brought him to the small screen.  If you never read Johnson's excellent stories you probably wouldn't find much to complain about.  But, as other reviewers have noted if you have read them you are in for a disappointing and befuddling experience.Casting is key; Robert Taylor looks the part of Walt Longmire.  For the most part the actor does a credible job portraying the character that is written fairly true to the books.  Mr. Taylor doesn't seem comfortable wearing a firearm though; he's always resting his hand on the butt of his pistol, kind of a rookie move for an ex-Marine and long time peace officer.  Not sure looking like you're about to "pull" on everyone you talk to is a good strategy.  Katee Sackhoff has been critiqued by others in her role as under sheriff "Vic" Moretti but mostly for being blonde instead of brunette.  Hair color aside my problem with her is she's just not obnoxious enough as she should be, more of a "Vic-Lite".  The biggest problem with the cast is the critical person of "The Cheyenne Nation" (as Walt calls him in the novels), Henry Standing Bear.  In the books Henry is a large man and an imposing physical presence and Lou Diamond Phillips, while a fine actor, lacks the sheer physicality to pull this off.For the readers familiar with the Longmire tales one of the more disorienting features of Season 1 is they start off each episode with almost exact recreation of the crime from one of Craig Johnson's books.  Naturally you think, "oh, I know where this is heading" but actually you don't as the screen writers then abandon Johnson's work and concoct a totally different set of circumstances.  It would be OK if the alternative solution was as good as the original but it never is.Other problems pertain to marginalizing important characters like Ruby, Walt's office manager or overemphasizing others like daughter Cady who's supposed to be living in Philly and not working in town and dating Walt's deputy who's challenging him for sheriff in the next election.  "Longmire" is hardly the worst thing on television but for fans of the original it's far from rewarding to watch.
LORD JESUS CHRIST THANK YOU. I would like to buy the whole episode THANK you, how can I get the first episode now,
Okay, had to turn it off.  I did start skimming through scenes, trying to find some shred of intelligence, originality or even just thought...but all were sorely missing.AWFUL movie.  Don't waste your time on it.
I wrote the following about the pilot. "This is a clever and fun show. Well shot, written, performed and directed. Looking forward to the season. It's a Royal Flush."Then I watched the second episode. Oh dear, they lost me. They took something that could have been great and screwed it up. Sorry waaaaahhhh, The Dong went off so get off the stage....
Positives:Getting people to act as if they're not acting but just being themselves is harder than it looks. If you don't like reading, exercising, or contributing to world peace/health and therefore need to fill time then this flick will do it.Negatives:The most creative parts of the movie were the Norwegian mountains which, unfortunately for the Norwegian production crew, they can't take any credit for creating. They can take credit for copycat, anyone can do it, wobbly handheld mockumentary in the long line of Blair etc. redux. The computer generated trolls were pretty standard for today's computer graphics software so if you find them amazing then you must just now be discovering technology. By the way, a note to the educated viewer, it's anatomically impossible to have a creature of that size with that particular skeletal structure (e.g. blood flow pressure; stress forces on bone).
This is more a party-on kegger film for college age frat boys who want to hoot and holler over one of the &#34;remember when' moments before puberty or right after!  This is not recommended for kids, but it is funny to some of us who are demented and irreversibly adolescent in our tastes and persuasions.
Again, lots of violence with not too much of a change in the story line.  Expected more out of the series.
While not a math whiz myself, I did enjoy how educational it was and would love to see it continue, whether it be a web series or a full blown television series on PBS Kids.
THIS EPISODE WAS SO BORING I CLEANED HOUSE WITH IT ON IN THE BACKGROUND! THEY ARE RUINING MY FAVORITE SHOW WITH THIS D.C CRAP. AND WHY DO THEY THING CASTLE OR BECKETT HAVE TO BE ON DEATHS DOOR IN EVERY EPISODE NOW? WHERE ARE THE LAUGHS? AND WHERE THE HECK ARE RYAN AND ESPO!???
Just a bad show overall. I tried to like it, but a lot about the show was just off. VERY off. I could suspend belief and understand that the family was deep undercover. However, once you look deeper, you will see how poorly constructed the plot is. It's a color-by-numbers ripoff of the Breaking Bad and Shield formula, except it's not about meth or crooked cops. These so-called undercover spies operate like the mafia. All of it is ridiculously transparent, plus guess what, the FBI agent on the lookout for guys like them lives next door!!!I find it hard to believe anyone could possibly enjoy this show!
OMG, this is almost un-watchable. I don't understand. Big name folks involved. $$ spent on effects and sets. You've begun with an interesting premise. But the story is garbage. Recycled garbage at that. Pushed along by hopelessly cliched dialogue. How sad. Who is the target market? Why is the leader doing an "Aw shucks ma'am"/Marshall Dillon impression? There is no chemistry between the husband and wife. The sullen misunderstood teenager plot line has been done to death. Let it rest in peace! I guess I answered my own question. The target market are kids who are too young to recognize the cliches. To them it's new stuff. Okay... Well, I'm going to watch a Firefly episode to cleanse my pallet.
The videos themselves are hilarious, but the commentary is very juvenile and sometimes annoying.  The host is so fake and the token &#34;chick&#34; of the show is beyond worthless.  Her laugh is probably the most annoying of all.  Occasionally, they will have a guest that is entertaining and actually adds something noteworthy to the segment.
&#34;I'm never doing shots again.&#34; Meghan Miles (Banks) is having a bad day. First she finds out the promotion she is trying for was given to someone else. When she goes home she finds her boyfriend has moved out and taken most of the stuff. Her friends show up to take her out and cheer her up. Meghan decides to leave early but gets stuck (literally) and meets Gordon (Marsden). The two wind up at his place for the night. When she gets a call the next morning informing her that she still has a chance at the job she is excited and heads home to change. On the way she has to deal with drug dealers (the best part), cops, kids, religious temples, an impound lot and the carpacolypse. This is a funny movie and I am glad I watched it but really it is kind of generic. Sometimes though it is nice to watch something that you don't have to think about and this is one of those movies that fits that description. Almost right away you know how the movie will end and you do stay one step ahead the entire time but you still laugh and enjoy yourself as you watch. There really isn't a whole lot to say about this other then it is a good time and it is nice to watch a mindless comedy every once in a while. Overall, funny but generic. Worth watching when you just want to relax and zone out. I give it a B.
actually, the beginning of prom, already shipping water (why is it that the rest of the planet is unaware of the cool cave paintings, why was there no debate about the wisdom of unleashing an expedition into deep space, with such slight consideration of consequences, why wasn't the crew prepped for at least months prior to takeoff, instead of receiving a 15 minute briefing after arrival, and where is the rest of the goddamned crew?  ad nauseum.  still, it was about the only coherent segment of the thing, and seemed promising, even after excusing the instantaneous fast forward from cave to space...a VERY bad sign.  when this prick tease of a film wasn't straining itself disfigured to "strand" in alien elements (obviously, in order to pull in the same alien fanboys who will never stop insisting this debacle was a perfected meisterwerk...oh, yes, and to jam theatres with them), it was failing incessantly to either develop characters or sustain logic. already forced to forgive a lame beginning, i was entirely unable to locate a coherent middle or ending of a film that had been ridleyed to death with (here it comes) plot holes, and meaningless "clues", a la lindelof.  no story, no logic, no thanks.  i see he has actually made an emblem of the one serious mar he forced upon bladerunner, which would be the assinine intercalation of the unicorn puzzle dream.  once again, deckard's partner could have shared an interest in them for far too many reasons.  "take that, you vulgarian fools!" would be the meaning of that pathetic gesture, so very characteristic of ridley in a snit.  fine.  take THIS, you pompous twit: i couldn't care less where this doomed attempt to force meaning on prom I leads.  been lead down that path one too many times.  even for an egomaniac, did you really think i would be willing to WAIT for a story to happen, one movie too late?  you keep it.
Yes, 9/11 was horrific and for those of us who were not there I'm sure we can't imagine. I began watching this on 9/11/13 just to remember what had happened, part of the way thru I had to turn it off because the descriptions and so forth were so terribly graphic that it was disturbing. Don't watch this movie if you are sensitive to very graphic descriptions of the horrors of that day.
It's truly painful to be a Dario Argento fan these days.  At this point when he makes a movie that manages to be halfway decent (The Card Player; Do You Like Hitchcock?) it actually feels like something of a triumph since most of his movies post Opera have been so dreadful.  Argento's Dracula falls very squarely in the awful camp--it may not be as awful as Mother of Tears but that movie was at least eye-popping in its sheer god-awfulness.  Dracula is lifeless and poorly acted, a boring movie by a director who no longer even seems to even be trying and whose directing talent seems to have degenerated to the level of Jess Franco.  If you're going to rent this keep your expectations very low--Dario Argento's Phantom of the Opera low.  I guess we can always hope the next one will be better.
Too much talking with irrelevant dialog. Not my kind of show. Did not see a point to the episode I watched.Will not watch agaian
Talk about a drab, colorless, senseless film.I adore horror thriller based films but this clunker falls short of most any genre you can think of. It's washed out cinematography is only surpassed by even more washed out performances - it's as if they borrowed the premise of the Saw franchise minus the gore and genuine tension of the first and then proceeded to steal, at least to some degree the story line of "The Game" - and pulled the eyeball slicing right out of the classic horror/thriller "Repulsion".There is nothing here you won't see coming and nothing you haven't seen before.
In ZOMBIE FARM,  FBI scientists have developed a chemical agent that helps in their interrogations of suspected terrorists. Unfortunately, the drug has a wicked side effect. It turns people into -all together now- flesh-eating zombies! Not surprisingly, zombies are created, go on a rampage, and eat the living. Then, the water supply is contaminated w/ the stuff, causing further murderous mayhem! There's even a zombie mailman on the loose! Luckily, the local muscle-bound, psycho has lots and lots of guns! Oh yeah, there's a group of cannibal hillbillies running around as well. They eat rats. If only they had eaten the sole existing print of this &#34;film&#34;...
While this movie kept my attention it was a bit short on action and long on the morality of hunting an endangered species to extinction.  Secondly, it was difficult to find a real plot beyond the tired "tormented" man finds life alone satisfying.  I won't offer a spoiler here but I suspect the viewer will find the last 20 minutes or so rather disturbing if not disappointing.  This could have been much better.
I watched a bit of this...and stopped.  I will get back to it..but thus far it really didn't grab my interest.  I will watch it through though.  Eventually.  What I've seen just didn't interest me.  It might be different for someone else.  It's always a gamble when you buy a film if you aren't familiar with it.  I bought it because I usually love films from that period.
Despite excellent production values, this show is boring. I wish the writers would channel Vince Gilligan (Breaking Bad) to liven things up.  For now, though, it's repetitive and dull, and lacks an interesting perspective.  The characters haven't developed in any complex ways, and the one who gave pleasure, Claudia (Margo Martindale), has been retired.  Maybe she wanted out of her contract!  I had high hopes for The Americans.  Why the raves?  Well, what can you expect when people quote &#34;Girls&#34; as if it were written by Oscar Wilde?  Maybe Fargo will be fun!
The overall premise is well a bit out there but overall the episode is entertaining.  The lead characters were funny and the banter between them was a definite win - however the overall plot seemed a bit short sighted. Obviously, the show is going to focus on the two ladies and their experiences. However, I felt they needed more development or back-story to make you really want to care for them in the long haul.  Humorous=yes, entertaining=yes, potential=yes.  Let's see where it goes from here.
Simply not as good as previous seasons.  Too much crying, too much religion, too much racial BS. The REALITY of how various people from various regions and various financial status within the USA have opinions or attitudes about those of other ethnicities - don't hide it, or try to make excuses for it.  THAT is about the only REAL thing that has happened this entire season.  It's almost as lame as the producers trying to keep from showing the house members smoking while outside of the house talking.  STOP editing out the REALITY and just show the house guests as they truly are - simple as that.  This show is all about scheming behind people's back while they lie to their faces. And the best liar - gets rewarded.  Now THAT is one heck of a life lesson for all our future generations...right?!  Stop with the silly twists like the MVP.  Make the viewers who wish to log in to vote a third member for the block be known by the players and then we can see how the shows editing, and how much viewer butt-kissing each player does that's not edited out.  Seriously - am I the ONLY person watching this show from its first season who knows it's all in the EDITING how the viewing AUDIENCE PERCEIVES EACH HOUSE MEMBER?  They do the same thing on Survivor to &#34;create&#34; villains and heroes. And why does any reality show need a TEAM of WRITERS?!?!?
Coming at this with a disadvantage having never read any of the Bosch books; but, with all that is good about this show, I am not satisfied.  I hate the wrongful death trial and the smarmy plaintiff's lawyer; it is an impediment to an otherwise intriguing, excellently acted story and well developed characterizations.  Welliver and Wersching are both great and make watching a complete pleasure.  Establishing that Bosch has a semi-sordid, psyche-affecting past can be done without dragging out a dreary, trite courtroom &#34;drama.&#34; (Although, Abraham Benrubi as the defense attorney is inspired casting).  This can be very good if it doesn't bog down in hammering Bosch with the judicial system and the ever-present-in-every-police-drama Rat Squad.
I purchased this strictly on the reviews. I dig camp and looked forward to a few yuks. What I got was lame and stupid.
Slow start, too much sub plot filler. On e6 and there's been a couple key moments, but not the best season so far.
I only now just started watching Pretty Little Liars.While they are currently on something like season 4 I believe, I had trouble getting halfway through season one. What a ridiculous show. I started watching when nothing else was on. Even that isn't reason enough to continue. My complaints with the ridiculousness and inconsistency in this show are to many to list. The stupid decisions these girls make border on insulting to the intelligence of the audience. No matter what the target viewer is. The romanticized relationship between an English teacher (whom would be at the very least 24) and his 16 year old student is just irresponsible.  I can't image any parents thinking this show is ok viewing for their young teens or any adult finding this entertaining.
I was riveted by season 1 but found myself a little bored with season 2. That might be that I wasn't in the right mood to try and watch it, which I will likely try it again just in case.
When I watched season 7, I noticed that the teamwork and the shining moments of the better chef's appeared to be weakening, and having heard of this season's reputation I wasn't looking forward to it. It did turn out better then expected as I still enjoy the show, but I feel the progress the show made since, the very negative, season 2 was mostly undone.The chef's this season show more incompitent moments then shining ones and most of the better preforming chef's still get into many arguments and the teamwork side was vertually non existent. Also unlike the past four seasons I didn't have firm faith in the top few chef's. They were the better preforming chef's but, mainly because others did worse then them. Had they been on any other season, I would have clearer and better opinions of them but they probubly would've been eliminated a lot earlier. Now the drama aspect of the show is still fun and unlike season 2 this season wasn't negative at all but that is what saves the season, seeing Ramsay yell at people.So ultimatly I'm conflicted, on the one hand this is the worst cast in Hell's Kitchen history along with the one of the worser winners, and yet the fact that the season wasn't negative, is funny and the right person won this time makes it somewhat preferable in comparision to season 2 (where the only good thing is the winner).Do I recommend this to fellow fans? Yes, just expect a different season then the past few have been. Let's hope for some slight redemption next time.
Jake tries to pass himself off as a college student in Indonesa. When a bomb goes off apparently killing a local princess the police want to ask Jake some questions. Soon it becomes a 'Fish out of Water/Buddy flick and Jake and Ash (the policeman) aspire to figure out what is going on.
Nightmare Next Door is a documentary "true crime" program, which is mostly concerned with homicide cases, with some unusual perpetrators.  The first season, which premiered in 2011, featured 18 episodes, based on a real-life cases, however the version of "Season One" currently available on Amazon Prime, consists of just the first six episodes.  Even that amount is enough to get a pretty good idea of what this program is about, as the stories often feature women as victims of violent and brutal crimes.Like other true crime programs, the episodes feature interviews with those involved, along with reenactments featuring actors, of various pertinent events.  The cases are usually intriguing, and concerned with the investigation of a homicide, where the obvious suspects have been ruled out, and the killer remains a mystery.  While the stories are often fascinating or even chilling, the style and presentation, often seems to be in questionable taste.  The text read by the narrator, often attempts to be too cute, failing to treat the victim and the subject of murder, with the respect and seriousness it deserves.  Some law enforcement personnel are made to appear to be a cartoonish folk hero, rather than just someone doing their job.The cases themselves are quite compelling, but questionable writing, combined with a narrator who seems intent on overdramatizing the situation, distracts from what are some brutal and horrific crimes, which often involve some solid policework, to bring hidden killers to justice.Although most of the cases involve graphic violence, it is mostly absent from the reenactments.  Definitely not a family friendly watch, the poor writing is an issue.  While it's available on Prime, those interested in true crime, might want to see if this program has any appeal.
Okay, not spectacular.  I like Chris Coffer but this fell a tad bit flat for me. Still, watchable. Wait for Netflix or Redbox.
Hard for me to watch.  I view it when I need motivation to clean my own house and throw stuff out.  How can anyone care so much about &#8220;stuff?&#8221;  They put &#8220;things&#8221; over people and that is the most disturbing part.
I was expecting (Wonderland) to be more like (Once upon A Time),but it wasn't. When I watched Wonderlands pilot I knew it was not for me. When I watched (Once Upon a Time's)  pilot I was hooked until the last show available. I never liked the story Alice in Wonderland anyway so that might be the problem...
They really missed an opportunity here.The background story is great; model dies, and comes back in the body of an overweight, brilliant lawyer.There's no real storyline. The model is going through some crisis over her changed identity, a client shows up with a  problem that relates to what she is going through, she wins the case.That pretty much sums up every episode.The end of the season finale was intriguing so I'll probably watch season two but if it doesn't pick up I won't bother with the other seasons.
This was pretty good.  I hope that these women were hamming it up for the show because I can't really believe that grown women would act that way.
Chopped is interesting, to me, for it's introduction of global foodstuffs that I have never heard of and I like seeing how they are used in cooking.  It's a good show to watch when you want to take a break.
In the immortal words of Charlie Brown,"Argh!".  This film is terrific for its first two-thirds.  Director Julian Gilbey wratchets the tension in this portion immeasurably.  Gilbey seems to be taking his cues from John Boorman's "Deliverance" and Walter Hill's "Southern Comfort" in exploring the age old themes of man versus an unforgiving natural terrain combined with threats from his fellow man.  It's in the film's final third where things go terribly awry.  It's here where the film devolves into a second rate "Taken" that makes little narrative sense.  I'm ambivalent about recommending this movie.  If you must proceed there's a lot of good stuff but you have to divorce it from the dross.
I love Ann Sothern and this is a great funny cute show that showcases her.  The eposides seems to repeat in the list and the titles are mislabeled but it's a nice collection to watch!
If I could give this show a less than zero rating, I would. The lead character is obnoxious, rude and just made me want to hurl something at the TV screen. I can't beleive I wasted $1.99 I can't tell you how much this character annoyed me. I watched the entire episode because I thought it would improve. It didn't. Don't waste your time or money on this junk.
As poorly written, a doesn't make sense story, as a writer's imagination can create. A really cheap production with dumb dialogue; cheap props; location sets; scripted acting.1. An approximately fifteen year old girl leaves America to live in a country home in Wales with cousins. Of course she's as opposite in lifestyle as possible to make her adjustment a subplot. That overused stereotype came across as artificial and not believable.2. The Wales country home is unkept with unwashed dishes piled high as a small girl, middle teen brother and older teen brother (who seems to be able to talk to animals) run the place. Their mom, who is suppose to be highly educated, appears to be jetting off to Europe to discuss peace concerning some unknown adversaries all the while leaving the kids unattended.3. Subplot of American girl and teen cousin having intimate relations. OK, that's morally up-lifting.4. Adversaries first called terrorists (the latest craze in movies - terrorploitation) who set off a nuclear bomb destroying London (blast felt in Wales). Movie writers script-in that tens of thousands die. The writers need some science & history education; if they followed Hiroshima they would know it would be in the hundreds of thousands and higher.5. Terrorists or invaders (out of the blue it's changed into a war), where they come from and who they are is never explained, yet they suddenly have all of Britain under siege.6. Military starts rounding up all the country people and putting them into work camps as the invaders take over. The physical capacity to do all that is pure writer make believe if you think of the numbers involved. We don't see the military fighting anyone but they are good at putting all of Britain into gathering vegetable on a few work farms.7. Suddenly invaders are gone and Britain is back to normal. Ughhh!
It is sad, but I couldn't watch it with my kids, because of the language and some of the videos with nudity.  I really think it should be rated PG13
I had high hopes that this would be "must see" from the get go, but I'm not overly impressed so far! The story has a mixed bag of scenario's that are at work here with equal parts religion, alien, apocalyptic, survivor meets birthday club with French and Irish dressing added.The survivor cast and their personalities do little to help me either like many of them or make me want to cheer them on. I have grown tired of the type casting many of these stories rely on to make/keep things interesting with the annoying, dumb and geriatric  people you just want to be killed off or thrown off the set.For those who are concerned with the shows content let me just say there was enough F words thrown out in one scene to cover the entire episode. The violence was fairly mild and we were presented with some shots of partial nudity from both sexesI am by no means writing off this story because of Carter's talent and it was only the pilot episode, but again the cast and their personalities are a turn off for me. I am in the minority on my review of this show, but I truly feel it needs some serious tweaking to make it a "must see" series. 2 Generous stars.
This is it.  Kirsten Dunst is great in a very naive part (as she usually is in any part).  Ryan Gosling is his usual overly suave self.  It's a rather dull script, that goes exactly where it says it will.  And &#34;everybody knows this is nowhere&#34;.
I mean don't get me wrong I love ducks but why don't they shoot anteaters? They have been a serious problem in this country with the recent outbreak of anteaters in north Dakota back in 75. I feel like the anteaters and ducks will team up one day and what do you know its terminator all over again we are sorry we did not listen James Cameron!!!!!
If you have readUnder the Dome: A Novelby Stephen King you will find that it's sorts of poor adaptation of the excellent novel so far. The acting done by characters are OKAY but nothing spectacular. Some episodes are technically imperfect and something to quibble about but still Amazon offering this free for prime members was a good move. I did finish watching the whole season 1 using Amazon Instant video and I am looking forward to the conclusion. I hope the producers of the series adapts to the original novel in their forthcoming episodes.Okay to watch it once if you are into SciFi. May be get it again when it is available at my local library for a second look but would not invest on DVDs or Blu-Ray.
This show seems to be falling prey to the same fate of most shows in its position. they become an unrealistic success and then just start phoning it in.lately the show seems to focus less on intellectual based toilet humor and more on relationships and half assed jokes that they put something science sounding in.I think the writers and actors need to re watch the previous seasons and compare it to this one because i never thought i could get bored of a show i love so much so fast.
Not quite my thing, but might reflect current trends in the world of social media. Possible. Might check in to see how it develops.
All I have to say is &#34;Why&#34; Amazon.  You take something really good & have good potential of becoming the first show to take over &#34;Dead man Walk&#34; and turn it to a trash.  I really wish they didn't put the nude scenes.  I understand it is not a regular TV, but still I would've liked to be more realistic than someone is scared to death find the time to enjoy a swim naked.
This is about a father who is into substance abuse who seems to think it is ok to pass these traits to his kid. It shows how irresponsible the left coast is. We can say what a wonderful performance. Doesn't anyone look at the substance of the show. If you try to live by the golden rule these folks live by the it's all about me. If this is the real world.God help America.
This movie rates as my all-time worst movie ever made.  A third grader can make a more coherent and interesting movie.This movie is supposed to be about the end of the world, at 4:44am covering the last evening and morning.  To sum up the movie there is:-overly extended sex scene.  Willem Dafoe is gross.  It's not hot or sexy, but if you want a sex scene, don't drag it out... 30 seconds would have done rather than the 5-plus minutes of amateur shots.-painting.  Lady, we get it, you paint.. and your paintings suck.-walking.  Lots of walking for no purpose.  In one scene, a stationary camera filmed the actress walking from one end of the apartment to the other... for 30 seconds.  No cuts, just one long shot.-lots of tv clips of interviews... this is a good 1/3 of the movie and serves no point what-so-ever.-going out on the balcony and looking meaningfully at the McDonald's across the street.-being shocked, absolutely shocked that you watched a person climb over a 4th story railing and jump off the building to their death... and then Dafoe, a few seconds too late yells out like he wanted to help him.  You watched him climb over the railing and said nothing.  Are we supposed to believe you didn't know he was going to jump?-Visiting friends who are partying.  One of the won't do drugs because he wants clarity for the end... are we supposed to believe that.-THE ABSOLUTE LACK OF ANY DISCERNABLE SCRIPT AT ALL.  Everything was ad-libbed with a general idea of what to talk about.. and it shows.  At least reality TV is fun and more scripted than this disaster.-Some asian kid delivers chinese take-out a mere few hours before the end of the world... why?  Like anybody would actually be working?-The movie is one long ad for Skype.I wanted EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER AND PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH THIS FILM TO DIE.  Even the ending was messed up as it took about 5 minutes to pass 2 minutes of time.... and the end of the world is a fade to white.  You don't even get to see these horrid actors burn which would have been the only redeeming characteristic of this travesty impersonating a film.I am shocked Willem Dafoe is in this.  Him having made this makes him clearly not Willem Dafriend as the movie and his performance clearly show no respect for writers, cinematographers, filmmakers, directors, actors, the audience, the popcorn guy, not even the cockroach that eats your dropped popcorn.  They should pay you to watch this movie but even that is cruel and unusual punishment.Watched on Showtime as it comes with my cable package.
Probably Biased Rating...My biggest critique of the show is that it is slightly over feminine for my taste.  I'm not Mr Rambo, but I wish there were a bit more of a masculine element most of the time.
i have contacted amazon at least three times now. the sound in this movie sucks. every fifteen seconds or so, there is a 'break' in the soundtrack, making it impossible to watch.
This is another hand held camera, so it must be real film. Two sisters are flying on New Year's eve from NY to LA. The younger sister Trish (Abigail Schrader) is filming everything which allows some minor character introduction. It was so authentic, it was boring. It just so happens there is a professional journalist on board with a powerful light so he can shoot video at night. His ability to hold the camera still leaves much to be desired.Once the plane crashes (description of film) one passenger Charley (Brendan Patrick Connor) provides for the internal conflict. There is a woman marshal on board (Everette Wallin) so there is someone with a gun. Fear and terror are generated by shaking the camera real fast and having everyone scream and shout at the same time. This worked better than the occasional glimpse of the rubber headed dinosaur looking predator.They crash in the land of &#34;it is always dark&#34; and they keep filming with a light that would attract predators. Everyone has various amounts of bright red blood on them.This movie reminded me of &#34;Chernobyl Diaries&#34; in its basic formula. What you thought about &#34;Chernobyl Diaries&#34; will determine if you like this one. I didn't like the &#34;Chernobyl Diaries.&#34;PARENTAL GUIDE: F-bombs, no sex, no nudity.
*Some spoilers ahead, read at your own caution*Before the first word is spoken, I'm given the impression that this is just like the previous V/H/S, in that there's next to no real story in the main story, just excuses to have women take their tops off and have people swear very heavily. Then a touch of story does appear. A young man being sought out by private investigators and find that he's missing... and instead find a collection of strange videotapes. Unlike the previous collection, something strange will be happening in the interweaving narrative of the main story. The anthology on the other hand...Phase I Clinicals seemed like a total rip-off of The Eye, where someone gets an eye implant after an accident and, because it's a new method, is warned there may be glitches. Those glitches include being able to see ghosts. The only person that knows of them besides the patient is a woman (who, besides her knowledge and her cochlear implant, seems like she's only useful in the story for a sex scene). Frankly, this is the only story that actually gave me jump scares. But still, this seemed too mainstream with overt predictability throughout.A Ride in the Park is basically nothing more a first-person view of zombies. A man riding his bike gets attacked by a zombifying woman and becomes one himself, who ends up attacking a cuple after he dies. Sadly, when said biker and couple meet together, they look clumsily/comically cheesy, stiffly moving. It would likely get Romero to roll his eyes. That said, there was less than a handful of moments (in the end) that gave this a hint of originality- no, wait, it actually made me think of David Moody's Hater trilogy (where you get a glimpse of zombies through their own point of view).Safe Haven is a documentary-style video of a trio getting into a cult compound (think Jim Jones meets Heaven's Gate meets eastern philosophy). Most of it is in some Indian dialect (don't know which one), with a few lines here and there in English. During an interview, a woman speaks of a secret that only one of the interviewers knew of and that unravels secrets about each other, which inadvertently connect to the biggest secret of the cult's Father. Overall, it was the most disturbing (even if it didn't have any jump scares) because of sleights to pedophilia and how it deals with suicide cults and religious extremism.Slumper Party Alien Invasion seems to have a feeling that's reminiscent of a mix of old-school Spielberg and King. A group of kids, after messing with one of the kids's big sister and her boyfriend, end up having to defend their selves against an alien invasion. Paradigm shift? The camera, towards the end, goes to the perspective of a camera hooked to the family dog's back, so when it ends, it does so in a completely depressing way.In between each video is the main story being played out in bits, but each bit does have a better story than the nonexistent crap that served as the main story in the previous movie. Though, in a way, it seemed like they picked their cues from The Ring and Pulse. In fact, it seemed like there was authentic originality in any of the stories herein. If they make a sequel, I do hope for actual originality, a pretty decent storyline, and videos where women don't simply serve as lust factors but as actual human beings (it's become a cliche for a woman to bare her chest in a horror movie, but I don't think the people who made this know that).Overall: 1.5/5
This is a long winded narration of the history of the monarchy.  although it provides alot factual information, there is little visual information to clue you in as to why the homes or areas being discussed are important.  If you're a history buff, this will be boring.  If you want to learn, you may wind up fast forwarding thru some of it.
Don't know why I watched all the episodes. I kept waiting for something to happen. Seemed to move too slow for my taste. GuessI'm just hooked on the old British shows.
I had thought this would be a great story and series to watch. After watching the preview I have no interest in this show.
not very funny, characters and situations seem implausible. If it bears any true relationship to today's elected officals, we are indeed in trouble.
Jeffrey Tambor would be the only reason  I would keep on watching this series. There is a simple innocence this man portrays which I find intriguing. Overall the cast of characters seem to be complex enough to create the chaos that every American family has yet it doesn't compel me to keep on watching for any other reason than Jeffrey.
When I saw that Steven King wrote the book AND that Steven Spielberg was involved in this series, I couldn't wait to watch it.  But I have been a bit disappointed by some of the actors.  Steven King has been one of my favorite authors but in the last 20 years he's become predictable in his stories. I thought Spielberg would raise the level of the show to something on the line of LOST (they certainly enjoy using some of the same music) but instead I find myself drifting while watching and even have fallen asleep. I am not looking for Academy Award performances but with these two mega dynamo's I was anticipating something with more 'meat' on the bone.
The show was good but not something that I'd find myself sitting down to watch episode to episode.  However, the acting was very good.
I gave this series three stars because I like cop shows.  This was one of the poorest because it was so predictable.  Towards the end of the series I was quoting the lines and timing myself on how fast I could figure out who dunit.  I was successful within the first fifteen minutes of the show.Kiele Sanchez was the worse.  She can't act, she has no personality and she is really hard to look at for forty minutes.  I kept hoping they would replace her but no such luck.
Did not finish watching the movie, did not care for the plot. I found the movie to be a bit gory.
Saw the Pilot. For most part it dragged. Don't see why there was so much cursing. It was simply distracting. Silly encounters such as pointing gun at guard to get him to open the hotel door. Don't this this will survive.
I read the books, so can "identify" but I don't care for the actor chose for this part not "scruffy" enough for Bosch, at least the one I have an image of.........
The storyline is slow with many action scenes being simply unbelievable.  I cannot recommend anyone watch this show, which is sad because the show concept could be very fun.
I watch a lot of these paranormal shows.  Some I really enjoy.  Other shows can be interesting or have something to offer. Some, I just can't handle.  Like Ghost Adventures, it has some great evidence but the dude annoys me so much I can't watch.  This one, well I actually like these good ol' boys.  But to be honest, in the two episodes I watched, I didn't see anything that impressed me as far as their techniques or evidence.  Lights popping on on a rim pod a couple of times brings hoots and hollers and bell ringing from the old dude.  A dead bird is counted as evidence when there are cats on the farm...just seems like a lot of nonsense.  I have family in the south and this feels like not much more than their superstitions.  Do they collect real evidence?  In the two shows I've seen it has been a lot of muddin' and playin' but not a lot to impress.I like these guys.  I wish they would do less playing and more real ghost hunting.  Their personalities would come through without ten minutes of 4-wheelin footage.
Re-creation of east coast cop shows thinly veiled in a California setting.  Every Actor has an equally thinly veiled to not veiled New York / Jersey mush-mouth that conflicts the geological location attempted thus the reality of the show. EXCEPT for Tricia Helfer, who can do no wrong...
Giving this movie three stars  would be to generous ,ugh! This movie reminded me of "Booty Call" back in the day a up grade from that movie. Kevin Hart ,you could have done better the movie with Ice cube "Ride alone" was a pretty good movie . This movie was garbage it should go straight to netflix.
After hearing the curse word MF in the first few scenes I trashed it. Not worth watching in my opinion!
I was an elected official of a small, local government. This series &#34;nails&#34; it ! That's why I hate it so much, it's too real. Not fun...very uncomfortable.
This show was just not believable to me.  It seemed staged, but most shows like this do.  I guess the bottom line is, if you like this kind of show, then you will find it entertaining.  I however, did not.
there is no way a blind person can do what that character does, which makes it fiction and not realistic.  she is to much into her self and is really not that bright.  too make believe.  there are two excellent actors in this series; however they have minor roles which is too bad.
I love Dr. Who and I really am an avid anime fan, I tried this on a whim but the stop motion choppiness and the audio matching was just too horrible.  If someone were to fix the animation it might be fine but the hole is too big as it is now. Now to mention the quick wrap up of the plot line, it was extremely rough holding it together in parts and the ending was just too rushed. Perhaps this is a nice experiment? I say keep experimenting, this could have some potential, but you need to get better from here, just a quick point or no-one is going to watch further episodes.
Another full year of Nikita and Percy playing cat and mouse. The ongoing chase becomes boring and predictable. If these folks are so highly trained and skilled how is it they cannot finish a job? This becomes laughable and greatly annoying.
It was silly Not a good story line. I could not get into the story. actors were not real enough to hold my interest.
Good acting spoiled by a tired script. Cliches and stereotypes abound. None of them written with a result that would make me want to continue with the series. For those who enjoy this genre, the acting may be enough to keep you in the game. There is enough substance to earn three stars.
I thought it was OK, but not great.  Interesting story, some characters were engaging but did not make me crave another episode.  I would watch it if it came out, but not waiting with baited breath.
This is the weakest season of NYPD Blue. Rick(y) Schroder is wooden past the demands of his character as is Debra Monk, and after the departure of a strong actress, the series really stalls. Not to worry. Stick it put, and the ninth season rejuvenated with some interesting new characters!
As much a I love Mark Strong, this series is just not one I could connect to.  I tried.  Several episodes under the belt and the only thought that came to mind was, &#34;Good chance I could find something better to spend money on...&#34;  Degenerate cops going after degenerates is not new territory in TV, but I just wanted to see them all go away.  A better title might have been, &#34;No Winter Sun&#34;.  I gave it a '2' for a couple of good actors who chose a bad project, IMO.
I needed a show to watch after Breaking Bad and the easiest thing to do is simply not change the channel, and that's how I discovered AMC's newest drama, Low Winter Sun. The show is an adaptation of the novel, Low Winter Sun by Simon Donald and if it sounds familiar to you, that because it has already been turned into a movie, back in 2006. While the show has a great time slot and a star who is already familiar with the role he's playing, the ratings for the show have been low and it's because the show has a lot of bark, but it really doesn't have any bite.Set in the bankrupt city of Detroit, Low Winter Sun, tells the story of two police detectives, who murdered a third. The dead man, Det. McCann was dirty and was putting the whole department at risk and they did what they had to do. The murder of a cop in Detroit is big news and the Mayor wants it solved by the two best homicide detectives they have, who also happen to be the killers themselves. The men are being watched by internal affairs and the mayor, so they have to make it look like they are really trying to solve the case, but a third party keeps getting in the way. This party who unintentionally keeps popping up, is the mob affiliated group that had McCann on their payroll. Their activities threaten the investigation which could ultimately lead back to the two detectives.The story makes for a good movie, but if this show is somehow renewed, which direction does it go it? Much like the Killing, this show is centered on one murder, but here the two main characters are the killers. Either they get caught and the series has to start a new in season two or the same story will just keep repeating itself until nobody cares anymore.The lead in the show is Mark Strong, who also played the lead in the 2006 film. The role calls for a smart, yet emotional character with a scared past, and to me the man just doesn't fit the role. Strong is a big tough guy, who is seemingly emotionless, and while he appears to be a smart cop, he just really doesn't fit or appeal to me as the lead detective.His partner is played by Lennie James, better know as Robert Hawkins in Jericho. This guy is one of the best law enforcement actor they could have gotten. James has been in a ton of things, always playing some type of law enforcer. He is experience and really terrific in everything he does. If it wasn't for him, I don't know if I'd be watching this show right now.The cast is rounded out by Sprauge Grayden who has gained some notoriety from the Paranormal Activity films. She is the missing link, caught in the middle between the mob aspect and the cops, having connections to both sides. She's really playing both sides and could ultimately hold the key to what is going to happen, as the first season comes to a close.Overall, Low Winter Sun isn't bad, but not great either. The story is strong and would make a good movie plot, but it seems like there aren't many places to go after they tell the initial story. The intensity they advertise in the commercials has yet to appear, and the show really doesn't have a way of getting people hooked on the story. I've been watching it because I'm a fan of Lennie James and it's on after Breaking Bad. If it wasn't for the time slot, I probably wouldn't have continued after the first episode and I suspect that others feel the same way, as the show has cancelled written all over it.
I was looking through my Amazon Video selection and I came across this movie.  5 stars!!  I had never seen a movie rated 5 stars. I immediately purchased it but overall, I thought it was pretty bland.  Veronica has some snappy comebacks and good expressions,but  I did not think it was worth the money and definitely not 5 stars.
I simply do not understand all these rave reviews. This was probably the pilot I was most interested in, as I'm a fan of both Coppola and Schwartzman (as well as many of the actors), and love classical music.But this not good. Shades of Smash (in tone) - schmaltzy, not funny, cliched. I don't feel any evidence of the pedigree here. I did enjoy / laugh at the Styx musical, but found the rest dull (endless game of spin the bottle) or groan-worthy (musicians have sex like they play instruments!)
So far not liking this season any more than the 8th season.  Come on SPN writers let's get back to what made this show great for seven seasons.  Please stop with the stupid hunter characters and bring back Garth.  Please write Kevin's character better and please don't turn Crowley into a good guy.  Please find a great female counterpart for Dean, I miss Dean with women.  Stop with the heavy handed Bromance and bring back Castiel.  Also the bunker is okay but its not cool and if you've forgotten this is a show about the dark and creepy; about two guys on the road, not in a bunker.  Kind of tired of sorry, whiny, non cool angels, and that included Zeke.You had a cool concept the men of letters, something destroyed them, why? not that would be a great plot point and could really drive the mythos forward.  Please don't let this show go out like this.
The children are spoiled rotten and the parents should have the kids taken away from them just because of teaching children the worst values on the planet. Please tell me how parents can spend 2 or 3 THOUSAND dollars on a $100.00 dress 24 inches in length for gods sake, and parade a kid that has no idea where she's even at half the time, just to get a dumb cheap crown or banner??? How is this possible????Do these people have any brains at all?? Yeah...lets not spend any money on education for them or save for college as they don't even seem to be able to speak properly....let's spend $10,000.00 on a pageant to win $300.00 worth of trashy junk so the mother can live her life through the child.All I can do is watch a few minutes and shake my head in disgust and dis-belief, and change channels, even though my child wanted to see it, I convinced her it was so ridiculous, and these were all fools that make money off these moron parents and it was a waste of time.If you would have told me this kind of thing existed in this form I would have said no...nope...no.....no one could be this gullable and stupid, but no matter how foolish and stupid you think people can get....we seem to always set new records in this country as it continues to decline everyday.Just terrible program.
I only downloaded the two-minute promo to Rake. It had a few good moments, but I read all of the reviews by those who saw the actual first episode and decided not to download it.
At this shows VERY BEST it`s a 4 stars and at it`s least? 2 stars and that`s being Generous. Now.. if i was from NYC amd REALLY REALLY loved it then i MIGHT give it 3 1/2-4 stars but i am not from NYC. I did have to live there for 2 yrs but that hardly makes me a New Yorker, sorry :)Decent Characters and Decent writing gives the show 3 stars! I had it at 2 stars but at the last mnute raised it to 3. It`s certainly not horrible and I have gotten through Most of the shows uninterupted but i would not go out of my way or miss anything to make sure i watched this.NOW, mst of the Can`t miss shows are the first few seasons of Nurse Jackie but Mainly........ SHAMELESS! Now thats a show that is almost a crime to miss. I have NEVER EVER seen a show or movie that had so many great Characters, Young or Old (I am 53 Years OLD) and the writing, the City and Photography is unbelievavable!!! It would be a "SHAME" if their were not 10 seasons of this show made. Not many 1 Hour shows can grab every second of your sttention but this one can.Thats why so may shows are 1/2 hour ones today!!These shows are Way different but put this up there with "The Wire", most of "The Sopranos", "OZ" and so far..... Most of nurse Jackie and Weeds in shows that have Great Characters of all ages, wonderful writing,Almost always Believable in some way, Great Photography ad wonderful all around entertainment!!My Honest suggestion would be to buy or "Get" the 2 seasons of Shameless already available and one of any of the others i have mentioned if you have not seen them and start watching. You will end up with all of seasons of all of them and wont be able to wait for the next seasons!!!! That is of course, if it is not finished already.WARNING!!!!This can end up taking alot of your time.
A bit funny, if you like silly funny.  First couple of episodes seem to introduce a great plot.  Then everything becomes predictable; you almost know everything next on the agenda.
&#34;unknown knowns&#34;; &#34;things you think you know, that you do not&#34;?  we lesser beings refer to those as &#34;mistakes&#34;, don; and he isn't even attempting newspeak (as, kidnapping is now &#34;rendition&#34;).  the rumor is the man was simply too drunk to keep track of his own blather (which would make him a &#34;blatherskite&#34;, or one given to &#34;voluble, empty speech&#34;).  however, don is one of those submerged men no one seems to notice, until they find him running amok at the highest levels of power.  and i think that i really know that such disastrous personalities are worthy of study (as, marvin bush may one of your future presidents, or dictators).  ignore the 3 stars;  after i actually see this thing, i may paste more on (shades of the third grade), or peel them off.  ciao.
A good look at the world of start ups. Cant help but like it. Characters are loveable and likeable.They face problemslike everyone else.
LAST RESORT looks good on paper - a different storyline than the now dreary cop shows that keep morphing with new titles each season: Andre Braugher and Scott Speedman have certainly paid their dues and are very ready to be the leads in a series. Using a submarine as the base at first seems solid in concept (claustrophobic but in a way that allows it to be a microcosm of human behavior), but that sub can't stay submerged long enough. The story blisters into some flashbacks, pops open the lid of Washington DC in a not too unfamiliar manner (these days), and adds a very rapid new bas on a tropical islands where it seems that the crew plan to establish a new world, having been the victim of misguided US military tactics and potential in a nuclear war with Pakistan.The cast includes some female characters who seem to have a potential for becoming important figures in the story - the supporting cast includes Daisy Betts, Camille De Pazzis, Dichen Lachman, Daniel Lissing, Sahr Ngaujah, Autumn Reeser, Jessy Schram, Robert Patrick, Matt Gerald, Omid Abtahi, Max Adler, David Rees Snell, Michael Ng, Jessica Camacho, Will Rothhaar, Bruce Davison, Daniel Bess, Jodi Jarvis - but the show falls apart in the midst of all the commercial breaks that for once seem more interesting than the series itself. It all feels a bit silly.  Grady Harp, September 12
This pilot was so boring that I only watched about 10 minutes of it.  The whole &#34;fish out of water&#34; storyline has been done better with better actors then these.
I can't say I am a fan of Bubble Guppies, but my kids are. It seems that the educational aspects are a bit weak in this series. It seems they spent more time working on the musical bits than the educational bits. The songs are catchy and will get caught in your brain, but I'm not sure I like that. I'd rather have educational shows than edutainment...
Overall it was just OK. It was funny here and there, and it has potential, but it needs work before it can be called good.
Had to take some convincing to get my five year old to watch this - her brother pressured her into doing so.  Something about the alien is a little blah, generic.  Once they were watching, they were interested in the art, especially the explanation of pointillism, but they both lost interest in the entire show about halfway through.
I used to watch this show a while ago, the first two seasons.  Viewing it as a therapist, it is a sad show and not really that funny.
This was not funny at all. It is just an excuse for people to cus for no reason and pretend there is a legitimate reason for it.
The show is good but I am very disappointed with how they make out someone with Aspergers to be. I have Aspergers and never walked up to someone just to ask them for sex. It gives the wrong message out to people at time when people with Aspergers need to be really understood.First of all, if she was an Aspie, she would have never walked into the bar because we try to avoid people. We are not very social and we tend to avoid places where there are crowds and noise.That was just plain freaky when they did that scene.
It was rather predictable and uninspired. Nothing compelling about it, not the characters or the plot. I am a Sci-Fi fan but this was a plot them seems to have been done many times before
Needlessly confusing and characters I didn't care about so the DVD was shredded after the first fifteen minutes. Next time have a better opening, movie creators. That is all.Rotten Tomatoes gave this film a low rating. Maybe you should, too.Based on a roleplaying game of the same name.The budget for this film was a bit over $25M and it made a bit over $2M at the Box Office. The prosecution rests its case.OVERALL GRADE: D minus to D; WHEN WATCHED: April 2012.
What I have seen, it is barely okay. I hope it can only get better. Need to see more. Could be good.
Looking at other people's reviews I'm clearly in a minority. After all, what could possibly be more wholesome than yet another TV series in which the good guys blast away at all & sundry with a never-ending stream of Hollywood rounds (the sort that keep on coming long after the magazine is empty...)? Best of all, we don't need to feel even a pinch of remorse because - now this is the Really Good Part, honest - the victims are already dead! What could be better than that?? Needless to say the acting is average, the script is wooden, the plot is essentially non-existent, and the verisimilitude likewise missing in action.But, if you are in need of an effective diet plan then apparently being turned into a zombie is just what you are looking for, because although the series is set in & around Atlanta GA where 86% of the population is either fat or morbidly obese, everyone in this series is straight out of Central Casting Los Angeles. Realistically this show ought to be about The Waddling Dead but here in TV land being a zombie means you're pretty darn lean. Not that it matters - gore is gore, blood is blood, and in the end they're all just targets. Remarkably, whereas in the real world people have to train extensively to manage head shots with any degree of consistency even against static targets, here even kids can make special-forces style shots with total accuracy. No one ever gets hit by blue-on-blue, there's never a negligent discharge, and the concept of a ricochet is entirely alien.In other words it's basically boring repetitive mindless violence for the over-two crowd. Presumably the series appeals to couch potatoes who simply haven't anything better to do with their lives. As for me, enough is more than enough. This is tedious and violent rubbish - the mental equivalent of eating junk food. Avoid at all costs.
I did not care for it at all, very boring and depressing, was greatly dissapointed, but to be fare it is not my Genere of tv
Could only watch three episodes. Blatant attempt to manipulate emotions over abused little girls-- then episode ends by using little girl to accomplish what no self-respecting (and copper isn't) lawman should do for the sake of justice. Series fits the mold of stories from graphic novels-- to give excuse for over indulgence and short cut the plots
the story is so cliche; the acting is so rehearsed, forced and unnatural; the banter between the characters is so annoying and stale- I made it 25 minutes before I called it quits.people who've rated this "movie" 2+ stars seriously need to have their amazon reviewing privileges revoked!
Very slow start to whatever plot they are attempting to build?? Acting is sub par. Could not even make it past 30 minutes of the pilot.
I'm always disappointed when a TV show starts out with a fantastic first season and then fizzles in the second.  It's almost like all of the creative energy was used up making the first season and then there's nothing left.  Or maybe they just ran out of things to say.  Either way it looks like it's happening with Revenge and I'm pretty bummed.  Looks like I have to find a new favorite show.
To be honest the show is not half bad, I only watch because it's free with my prime and it is not like I am not doing something also just to catch up with episodes. I started watching on a very early Sunday morning when the house still quiet and since I am a sucker for cop and medical shows I gave it a shot. The acting is ok, the story lines are ok and the cast is also ok. Nothing to write home about but entertaining for a free, no suspence, easy going cop show and the main charachter is good to look at. :)
At the age of 34, Aaron Paul is quite the accomplished actor &#8211; at least on the small screen.  You may catch him here and there in various roles, but for the most part, Paul is best known for his outstanding performance in the AMC drug drama, Breaking Bad.  For five years, Paul portrayed the quirky Jesse Pinkman, and earned himself several prominent awards, along with a Golden Globe nomination for Best Supporting Actor.  However, with Breaking Bad having reached its conclusion, it only seems like a natural decision for Paul to try his luck on the big screen.  However, not every successful TV actor translates well to the grander stage of film.  And, if Need for Speed is any indication about the direction of Paul&#8217;s future in film &#8211; he might want to start rethinking his character choices&#8230;Directed by Scott Waugh (Act of Valor) and based on the popular Electronic Arts video game, Need for Speed stars Aaron Paul as a garage owner and former racecar driver, Tobey Marshall.  He, along with a handful of his closest friends, run the garage &#8211; but Tobey has a hard time finding the money to keep it open.  He occasionally takes part in street races for side money, yet it&#8217;s never enough to maintain a level of financial comfort.After successfully winning his latest street race, Tobey and his team are approached by Tobey&#8217;s old rival, Dino Brewster (Dominic Cooper) &#8211; a famed driver and car tycoon.  Prior to his death, car creator Carol Shelby had been working on a special, supped-up version of the Shelby Mustang, however, he wasn&#8217;t able to complete his work.  Brewster enlists Tobey to complete the Mustang, at which point he will pay them a quarter of the car&#8217;s worth &#8211; between two and three million dollars.  But, egos get in the way and during a street race between Tobey and Dino &#8211; tragedy lands Tobey in jail for a crime he didn&#8217;t commit.After doing time in jail, Tobey openly breaks parole and heads from New York to California &#8211; but not before enlisting the help of high-end car dealer, Julia Maddon (Imogen Poots).  She is able to lend him the same Shelby Mustang from his partnership with Dino and he plans to use it to race Dino in a private, invitation only winner-take-all street race &#8211; coordinated by an internet racing guru, Monarch (Michael Keaton).  Tobey also has revenge on the mind and plans to prove his innocence while taking Dino down in the process.In the spirit of the Fast and the Furious franchise, Need for Speed attempts to establish characters with a heavy dose of racing in their backdrop.  Unfortunately, Need for Speed doesn&#8217;t present a substantial alternative to the Fast franchise, featuring generic individuals that supposedly have credibility, egos, and reputations &#8211; but only because they are force-fed to the audience without substantiated proof.  Even the dialogue between the characters is bothersome, as they spend far too much time and effort rattling off bland one-liners and partaking in soap opera-ish melodrama.For someone as talented as Aaron Paul, he is terribly under utilized in the lead role of this lackluster plot.  In fact, I dare say Paul is not ready to be a lead actor based on the result of this film.  He goes from a supremely popular television drama to a disappointing undertaking &#8211; and it&#8217;s hard to imagine a role of this nature helping him further his career.  His character comes off as a bit of fraud &#8211; and at times, his delivery is terribly fake.  Even Paul&#8217;s alleged rivalry with the film&#8217;s villain, portrayed by Dominic Cooper, is dependent on false, over-embellished egos and the chemistry is just not there.  Obviously, most of us know Paul is a credible actor, meaning the writing is where the fault lies in this presentation.Meaningful character interaction is completely sacrificed for the sake of adding a near endless about of car chases &#8211; inevitably causing more cut scenes of which the eye is able to keep track.  There are quite a few outstanding cars worth your admiration in this flick, including the decked-out Shelby Mustang GT500, plus the Lamborghini Sesto Elemento, and Koenigsegg Agera R.  But, it obviously wouldn&#8217;t be a racing movie until they were all prominently wrecked at high speed &#8211; except for the Koenigsegg, which is ridiculously important to the outcome of the far-fetched story.Regardless of how this film plays our, the countless holes in the plot are undeniable.  In one particular scene, Tobey&#8217;s team is traveling next to him in a truck in order to refuel his car, so he doesn&#8217;t have to stop and lose any more precious time (as if it takes more than just a couple of minutes to fill-up).  In any event, mere moments later Tobey and his passenger, Julia (who apparently has nothing better to do than to go on joy-rides with convicts), randomly stop for gas.  Before, time was of the essence, but now it&#8217;s okay to stop?  Come on?  Seriously?  Naturally, there&#8217;s a police office just happens to be in the gas station parking, who predictably chases them around for a few minutes.  Go figure.Overall, Need for Speed as downright ridiculous in every possible manner of thinking &#8211; even more so than the Fast franchise.  In the real world, Tobey Marshall would have been quickly apprehended in OJ Simpson fashion, but the odds of him going to jail for his alleged &#8220;crime&#8221; in the first place is next to nothing anyway (since there&#8217;s traffic cameras everywhere these days).  This terribly scripted film does a marvelous job of making decent actors look like daytime television actors &#8211; not to mention there is absolutely nothing about this film that drastically ties itself to the popular video game franchise (and video game film adoptions have a history of being terrible to begin with).  About the only reason you should see this film is if you&#8217;re a diehard fan of Aaron Paul or simply like to see eye-popping, ridiculously fast cars.GRADE: D+FNDNreview.com
This show is only funny if you are satisfied with witless, trite humor.  I watched it because, with such a good rating, it was bound to be entertaining.  I consider it a waste of my time.  The writers really went for the low hanging fruit.  Truly a letdown.  If this is the caliber of humor we might expect from this show, I hope Amazon won't pursue it.
I started watching &#34;Longmire&#34; when I still had cable TV, and I didn't know there was a series of books, so I started reading the books. The books are way better,  each with great humor that had me cracking up, and less of the heavy-handed drama that's in the TV series.
I have watched House Hunters for years but gradually it's become a little less appealing. I would love to see more of the house and less of the speaking, drama, 'perfect couple/family together time'. That being said I still occasionally watch this show but am not the faithful follower I use to be.
***1/2Set in 15th Century Thailand, the subtitled "Ong Bak: 2" brings little that is new to the martial-arts genre - but a barrel load of impressive fight scenes and an authentic look make it worthwhile viewing for the aficionado.  It's the oldie about a young boy who is trained to become a righteous warrior, standing up for the innocent and the helpless against a cruelly oppressive regime.As noted, there isn't much in the way of storytelling, dialogue and characterization to distinguish "Ong Bak: 2" from the countless other films that have come before it, but the battle scenes are impressively staged and mounted, with a brutality that, while it makes them hard to watch at times, seems an accurate reflection of the era in which it's set.  Moreover, directors Panna Rittikrai and  Tony Jaa (who plays the lead role) never feel the need to prettify the setting, offering up a screen full of snaggle-toothed, matted-locked extras to go along with all the muck and mud.Tien, ace martial arts fighter and tamer of elephants, takes on a half-a-dozen opponents at a time, slicing-and-dicing and karate-chopping them into the dust, only to have them rise again to face a second, third, even fourth humiliating go-round at his punishing hands. It's 100% absurd and just about everything a die-hard martial arts fan could wish for from such a film.
The first series was very enjoyable and strikingly different from most other series on TV.  The characters were introduced and fleshed out in interesting ways, but by series 3 and certainly after that the episodes seem fake and feel almost scripted as if the family is presented with a scenario that they will then improvise.  Whereas the first series felt like a genuine insight into the family life of these self-avowed rednecks, the later series start to feel more like an advertising and merchandising exercise designed to play on the caricatured personalities that each of the players has become.  The gold vein is running out.
This pilot was an animated sci-fi comedy that I struggled with watching to its conclusion.  Part of the issue was the fact that the animation was not completed but getting past that the story was thin and the characters were just not all that endearing. In a future world an egotist makes decisions in trying to eradicate rebels and is inept in his leadership.  The rebels are led by an equally inept individual.  In between are two mismatched characters who accidentally volunteer to go to a suspected rebel held planet for a reconnaissance.  There they run into a girl rebel who thinks they are also rebels (?). Of course one of these two bumblers falls for the girl immediately and then it becomes blah blah blah.  There is an attempt for subtle humor that is neither funny nor subtle.  Not something that I would want revisit.
Grimm's first season set up an interesting world.  Season 2 took that world and went into crazy relationship stories.  It takes the entire season for Nick to fix his relationship with his girlfriend.  Monroe hooks up with the store shop owner.  Everyone knows about Nick being a Grimm.  Like &#34;Buffy,&#34; and &#34;Angel&#34; the TV show is now about a group of people helping the super powered detective solve crimes committed by the supernatural.  Everyone in the group has their own &#34;relationship&#34; nonsense going on including love triangles.  Meanwhile the overall &#34;mystery&#34; has very little resolution.  Two Seasons finished and no real understanding of Grimm history or the &#34;Royalty&#34; and the &#34;key&#34; seems like something that the show will be lucky to explain before the series is cancelled.By removing Nick having to keep his secret it simplifies way too much.  Plus the entire season practically dealing with his girl getting her memories back was tiresome after about 5 episodes.  Drag it out all season?  No thanks.
In "Blackthorn" Sam Shepard plays "James Blackthorn," a mysterious American who, having lived in Bolivia for nearly twenty years, decides to go back to where he came from. While preparing for his return, however, James loses everything - his horse and savings - because of a young Spanish mining engineer Eduardo Apodaca (Eduardo Noriega), who shoots at James "by mistake."Set in the early 20th century, the film's story about a tired outlaw drawn into one more (and probably last) adventure is not particularly new, except one part. The outlaw in exile is in fact Robert Leroy Parker, better known as Butch Cassidy. While following the story of "James" and Eduardo, the film tells us in its intermittent flashback sequences what really happened to Butch Cassidy, the Sundance Kid and Etta Place in South America.Spanish director Mateo Gil's film works better as a character study of James Blackthorn than as a western, with a beautiful on-location photography and charismatic Sam Shepard, who almost single-handedly carries the film. The main story of Eduardo and James, both pursued by a Bolivian industrialist's posse (overlapping the story of the George Roy Hill classic), is fairly entertaining, though it is slow-moving and often interrupted by flashbacks that are not really interesting. Not a bad film, not great either.
They are making Tom resemble President Lincoln, the baby reminds me of another "alien invades earth show " V.  Just wondering what's next.......
This series is not well done there is no explanation to what is going on, what is that thing? Unatural, religious, ET?I just do not want to watch something religious, so I just think this is not for me.
Written on about the 6th grade level. Episodes are intellectually unchallenging and boringly predictive. Characters are shallow. Strategies are unbelievable and simplistic. Plots have no depth, e.g., good guys kill/capture bad guys.On the other hand, it's a cute child series that 4th to 6th graders can follow and have fun with on a boring Sunday afternoon, if there is a blizzard outside or a tornado. Otherwise they would probably be so bored they would go outside and watch the clouds, which would be more exciting.
Wish he had better writers and co-stars.
How do you mess up this opportunity!?!  Both original stars.  Some great MMA talent.  And you dump them into THIS slow, dull, depressing, confusing story!?!The best way I can describe this movie is that it plays out like some half-formed story idea dunked into the dream of a drugged mental patient.  Just when it seems to make sense and promise something good, it flops and drags and makes no sense.If you can even FINISH this terrible movie, you either fell asleep and woke up at the end or have a will of steel.It does no justice to the original movie, nor the tepid sequels.  The good guy is now evil.  The evil guy is now  . . . good?The action is lukewarm, shot poorly, and uninteresting.Wasted talent.  Wasted time.AVOID.
Sometimes a bad movie is so bad it redeems it's self by just being campy fun.  This movie doesn't.  It's just bad in a boring, low budget way with no entertainment.
I thought that I would give it a chance, but nope. The whole thing was about covering up the PD bad actions and the strike team is just as bad as the criminals on the street.
"Touch" has characteristics of a well-crafted TV drama; namely, well-developed characters and a premise which is unique and initially engaging. However, once all the components of the story are assembled, the result is dull and contrived. Ultimately, everything will work out because the numbers say so. That's about it. So the viewer is basically promised some sort of magical happy ending from the get-go. The numbers are little more than an omnipotent deus ex machina, and there's no real mystery, wonder, or drama to the plot resolutions they achieve. All this makes for a boring and saccharine hour of television that really isn't worth investing in.
Interesting to see how people lived in small English town years ago. Characters are real with everyday & sometimes petty problems. Warm & easy to watch
After watching this soapy, relationship-entangled space opera for five endless hours, I happened to glance at my watch to notice that only five minutes had passed.Award yourself the "Purple Heart For Patience" if (like myself) you somehow manage to stick with this turkey to its distant, disapopinting conclusion, for the purpose of finally discovering the nature of its..."UNIMAGINABLE MYSTERY," which the creators of the series -- from one grueling episode to another -- keep dangling enticingly before you.Perhaps the one and only redeeming feature about DEFYING GRAVITY is the immense sense of gratification and relief -- and "lightness" -- you're likely to experience after recommending it to (i.e., inflicting it on) your worst enemy.
Like season 5, this one also lacks substance. The new priest doesn't fit the role and comes across as clueless. The story lines are confusing and hard to follow. When I finished it, I looked online to find out about the next season; to discover that there is no other season coming. Many of the ongoing stories were not finished as far as I'm concerned. Several relationships were left hanging.The first three seasons were great though.
The script was hard to follow, the acting was mediocre and the subject matter lacked continuity. I felt Like it was mostly a waste of time.
I watched an episode of this to see what it was all about. How in the world did this family get a reality show? and whats worse....is WHO would watch it.?? There are good shows with excellent writers, and it's hard to believe that our entertainment is going in this direction.
Just a Soap opera set in a Sym Orch. All character are stock and trade types and tell me waws B Peters high or asleep?
this was informative and a great idea for a movie, and there's a lot of good content that takes you into the world of alternative games and their creation.  unfortunately, the breadth of the picture feels too shallow after awhile, and it turns more into a psychological profile of the few designers they choose to follow, dealing with their anxieties and fears.  unfortunately, it becomes less about the games, the business, and the development process and more about geek phobias and personal storylines.
As a classical music lover, one who is well-informed, I found this show to be a tasteless exaggeration of issues in the dying classical world. I was particularly put-off by Bernal's ridiculous appearance (I think a stab at Gustavo Dudamel) and at the misuse of the wonderful Malcolm MacDowell, who is made to over-enunciate, when I've seen him command the English language like a fine musical instrument in the past. I ca';t recommend that this show be picked up.
I hated the first one, which was one of the most boring and derivative horror movies I have ever seen.  I decided to give this one a chance but it managed to be even worse.The first segment where the guy had a bionic eye was so lame, the zombie people and the makeup for them was a total joke.  This reminded me of movies that people made in high school for class projects using ketchup for blood.I almost always love horror anthology movies but this makes Creepshow 3 look like a masterpiece.Please don't make any more VHS movies.Biggest waste of money ever.  I would rather have paid ten dollars to have someone punch me in the face.  I would rather have someone stab me than watch this movie again.
I'm sure the series is counting on reeling in the viewer and hoping that the viewers read the book(s), but the series wasn't compelling. The actors did a decent job with what they were given, but the dialogue wasn't believable, the plot was thin and predictable, and it was easy to look away. In fact, I found it hard to pay attention to something so monotonous. It's &#34;bad cop character hunts monstrous killer&#34; for the umpteenth time and wasn't done in a way that sets it apart from all the other series that follows that same format.I wanted to like this one. I truly did. It just doesn't work thus far.
If you like to see the same story over and over and over again...this series is for you.  This guy John Zaffis has got collecting mostly expensive items or items another collector would love to own down pat.  It's like he walks into a house and scopes it out to see what he'd like to put into his collection, then he tells the owner that their haunting most likely is coming from that item.  They give him the item and he puts it in his museum.  I've never seen people give away something precious or a family heirloom so easily. Just tell them that its haunted or the item is what's causing you all the trouble in your house and making your life miserable and whola...it's on it way to John's museum. Oh yeah, let's not forget to mention his son...the guy that hardly ever speaks and is about as interesting as a tick on a dog.  It looks as if he has about as much interest in doing this show as the viewer has about watching it.  Pretty boring.  John's daughter takes off in every episode with her laptop to go out and do &#34;research&#34; from a coffee shop...maybe she's the smart one.  Neither one of John's kids look like they give a damn about what he does. It's their technical guy that pulls off the whole show.  I forgot his name, ha...ha.  But he actually makes the show about as interesting as its gonna get.  I absolutely love this subject matter about the paranormal, ghosts, psychic's...you name it, but this series (at least season one) is just one after another of the same show.
No monster Dave??!?!?  Really?!??!  That's, like, sort of the entire point of JDATE.  Sure, JDATE is full of exposition for the rest of the series, and it's also hilarious, strange, and terrifying.  But the big payoff in JDATE is the fact that Dave is NOT Dave by the end!  Why even bother with the axe story in the beginning if they're not going to use it for a reason?The lack of monster Dave is not the only problem with this adaptation.  Many characters, plot lines, and locations were cut.  The final product is a mishmash of scenes that don't make sense.  I can't even care about this movie.  I certainly don't care about the characters or plot.  It's disgusting that such fantastic source material could yield such an abomination.John was good, though.
I'm not a big fan of reality shows and I don't watch them regularly.  I saw 15 minutes of one episode and it was too much. Scratch this one off the list.
I barely got through the first episode... I felt like I'd been down this road before, and that there was nothing new to be discovered. Very thin on story I thought, so I'll just have to watch a couple more to see if this improves or I just give up on it. The show has some potential, but I think it's boxed itself into a corner story wise.
The town of Chester's Mill is sealed off from the rest of the world by an invisible dome. The inhabitants - and various visitors - have to manage dwindling supplies and social disorder whilst trying to figure out how to escape.We live in a golden age of television, with TV shows pushing further in crafting excellent narratives and creating compelling characters out of even the most mundane of situations. Rising budgets and production values mean that TV shows now often look like movies, sometimes with big movie stars opting for the less-lucrative but more creatively and artistically rewarding opportunities to slowly explore and develop characters over hours and maybe years. It's a great time to be a TV fan.Under the Dome therefore stands as a stark warning that we should not be complacent or overconfident that this is a state that will last forever. Under the Dome is a horrible show, so terrible that on a fundamental level all involved with it must know how bad it is, and therefore can only have made it deliberately as a warning to others to stay on the ball and avoid this show's pitfalls.Under the Dome is based on Stephen King's quite excruciatingly awful novel of the same name, but in a move that is actually impressive, is awful for completely different reasons. The primary weaknesses of King's novel - the ludicrous implausibility at how quickly everything disintegrates and its unhealthy obsession with raping Twilight fans (seriously Stephen, we know you're a Harry Potter fan but that's just juvenile) - are fortunately missing from the TV show. Brian K. Vaughan - the man credited with saving Lost from a dip in form during its early third season - has great credentials and is a good enough writer to know what to change from the book (i.e. almost everything apart from the dome itself and a few character names) to make it work on TV. But pretty much none of it does work.The biggest problem is the total lack of decent, compelling characters. Our main lead appears to be Dale 'Barbie' Barbara, but he is a rather unsympathetic killer and thug. Actor Mike Vogel initially gives it his all, but after a couple of episodes seems to realise that the inexplicable lurches in his character's motivations aren't going away and decides to sleep-walk through the rest of the series. Rachelle Lefevre also gamely engages with her character of Julia before realising she doesn't have a character, just a cliche (unconventional journalist from out of town with totally amazing hair), and likewise phones it in. The young kids are more enthusiastic and get some credit for being the only people in town actually bothered about what the dome is and where it came from, but their lack of experience and some poor direction results in them lurching from painfully over-acting to massively underselling big moments.There are some good points in the cast. Natalie Martinez's character of Linda has some bizarre character turns and is rather gullible at times, but she at least just about manages to sell the idea of a character cracking up from the stress of the situation (whether that was the aim or not). Dean Norris also brings some much-needed charisma to the antagonistic role of 'Big Jim' Rennie, even if some of his quite astonishing lines are delivered through teeth hugely gritted as he tries to forget he went from filming Breaking Bad to this mess (a drop in quality only comparable to Natalie Portman appearing in Black Swan and then Your Highness). However, the good work of others is undone by Alexander Koch as Junior. His utter lack of acting talent and the way he seems to have only three stand-by expressions he moves between, sometimes randomly, is almost hypnotic. It's certainly the worst performance by a regular in a TV series that I've seen in many, many years.The writing is also awful. Brian K. Vaughan has some seriously good work to his name, but he seems unable to employ it here. Dialogue is expositionary, unconvincing and wooden in the extreme. You can predict how entire scenes will go - sometimes down to lines - from their opening moments. The show also starts back-pedalling from its premise - a bunch of people trapped together in a dome - immediately by periodically bringing in new characters and unconvincingly explaining they've been in hiding since the dome came down. When the writing doesn't even have the courage to deal with the basic premise of the show, there's a huge problem.Under the Dome's first season (*) is almost irredeemably bad. The writing is almost completely bad, the acting is mostly bad, very little about it (from character motivations to the supply situation to the utter lack of contact with the outside world after the third or fourth episode) makes any kind of sense and the whole thing feels like a big, dead, inert weight. A few flashes of competence from a couple of the actors are the only thing that makes watching it even remotely bearable. Still, it's a vast improvement on the novel.
Interesting series about a Sergeant in a remote area of Ireland.  Not everything is black and white.  There are a number of murders which must be solved.  As with most UK films, I wish they would provide captioning so that we could understand what they are saying.
Is a sesamo street or muppets for adults ? is for 30 or 40 years old kids ? Launch a version for all audiences....
I see now why TV is considered a wasteland. This TV show is stupid. These TV producers have a formula, then the produce a TV show, like Jericho. And where do these immature male leading characters come from? The guy is 32. He acts like he is 12. Sad.
There are other movies you can waste your time and this one would still be a looser.  A typical end of humanity world that is based on some distant future to our own.  Gets convoluted.
Not all that realistic. Loaded with profanity - well of course they are depicting 1%ers. Everyone knows if you ride a Harley your a member of some outlaw gang even if your 70 years old and wear color coordinated nylon riding suits.
Maybe they should get all new housewives in O County.  I did watch the full season plus the reunion show but it was kind of yawny. It was a little to &#34;mean girls&#34; for me this year.  The folks that are not coming back should stay and some of the ones returning should leave.
I have given this show three chances to be something more than mundane, regurgitated science fiction tropes; unfortunately it still has yet to break-free and form its own identity.  The story is dull, the acting is sub-par, and the cgi is atrocious (even the biggest fans of the show have to admit this).  There are several other options in the Amazon instant video store that far surpass this one.  I cannot recommend this show.
I never was a big fan of Welliver (Because he always plays the bad gut role so well. That's a compliment to his talent,) as it seems he is almost always cast as the bad guy. The guy you love to hate because of his talent and his role choices. I haven't followed his career closely so I can't say what his score card reads like good guy Vs. bad guy role.He does a good job playing the detective who's life revolves around his work as a homicide detective, He plays a cop who has used his gun on more than one occasion and is currently on trial in federal court for a wrongful death suit for this last shooting. He was cleared by  (LAPD) in the shooting and the only thing that helps him with the pressure (although he doesn't admit to it) is to continue working. He catches a old child murder case after he switches shifts with another team when he hands them a pair of Laker tickets which does a good job of distracting him from his ongoing trial.He is in may ways the typical cop/detective that we have seen so many times in movies and on TV over the years. He is driven, has authority issues, maybe some drinking problems, bends the rules and has lady issues. I hope that his life and role as the detective evolves into something more that this standard mold to bring more to the table.Overall I liked the show and where its seems to be heading and am looking forward to a least a few more episodes to lure me in and set the hook. 3.7 stars
It was entertaining enough to keep me hooked throughout the movie. I love history so I watched the for the historical aspect of it. The movies accurate in it's portrayal of brutal times of the Roman conquest and of its losses in that conquest.
Good show, good plots, good characters.  But the main character voice is killing me; hard to understand the gravelly nature of it.
"Lovelace" is an extreme waste of some talented people.  Amanda Seyfreid plays the lead of a movie supposedly based on the book "Ordeal" written by now infamous porn starlet Linda Lovelace.  Ms. Lovelace's claim to fame was her ability to perform a certain sexual act that most people (apparently) did not know existed.  The trouble with the movie is there's just nothing to it:  just several scenes strung together by the flimsiest notion.  No character is given a chance to appear human.  I guess Seyfreid does a so-so job of portraying Linda Lovelace.  Lovelace (who is now deceased from injuries suffered in a car accident) has been out of the spotlight for about 40 years, so unless you are familiar with the back story here, you might be left scratching your head in puzzlement.The movie would have you believe that Lovelace--like so many other girls who "fall" into the porn industry--was misled by her mean old boyfriend, who exploited her every chance he got, sexually and mentally abused her, and she was this complete victim.  Welllll....if you do a little research on Ms. Lovelace, you'll find she was not all that innocent, and that only confuses this more for the viewer of this film.  She supposedly did a few "loop" films (16mm porn films), and she was involved in beastiality in one of those.  The cameraman on that film was interviewed and stated she "was a very willing participant" when she made that film.  I also remember her interview with "Playboy" wherein she talked openly about what kind of sex she preferred and in what order."Lovelace" tries at break-neck speed to cover all the bases about her life:  how she got started, how she met her boyfriend who got her started, how she SUPPOSEDLY only made the one porn film, i.e. Deep Throat, how she abused drugs, etc., but the film only manages to scratch the surface on EVERY subplot.  Seyfreid's supporting cast includes Chris Noth, Sharon Stone (in one of the WORST fright wigs I've ever seen), and Robert Patrick.I don't know exactly what the director was going for here, but whatever it was, he certainly missed the mark.  Rated "R" for sexual situations, violence, and some drug use.  Not Recommended.
the show was very interesting. I could not wait for the ending. That being said the ending was the worst I ever saw. It really is a shame after watching 2 seasons that they came up with this ending. Very sad
I'm sure everybody here is a good actor. But I couldn't get to the end. Boring. I don't know what it was but everybody except the wrongly accused convict seemed like they were overacting.  The French actress, the guy who kept cursing, the blonde and the lawyer. Terrible. I only got you the party where they get to the house but it was only because I fast forwarded the episode. Some of the things are ridiculous: why is the French actress using her phone when there's no electricity to charge it? What's the cursing guy frame of mind? There were a lot of other things in this episode that I didn't understand. This is the one of the pilots that I liked the least.
The GOOD- Containing Original drawings of the books- The animation does add value to the books. It makes them like a cartoon movie than still pictures. It's interestingThe BAD- Only one-voice narrating.It's very annoying to hear an animated woman figure speak with a man's voice! It significantly reduces the entertaining value of these DVDs.It's still worth watching.
I did not like the film because the negative seemed to overpower everything else.  There are digusting, illicit, and unscrupulous things that take place.  See more at vyctorynotes dot blogspot dot com.
The story and the characters are not just moving from one triumph or tragedy to another, they are also changing in response to the changes in the world around them. This is still a very worthwhile historical drama if you are at all interested in the period.
I was enjoying the suspense and the drama of the series but disappointed it stopped at episode 7.  What a cliffhanger 7 episodes for the season 2.  I wanted more.
The content was more adult oriented and way over my kid's head.  WHy would they market this towards small kids?
Quentin Dupieux's RUBBER is many things: existential horror comedy, commentary on the filmmaker/audience relationship, obscure dream-like ode to non-sequiturs.  It's a rather straightforward story--tire malevolently comes to life, ignorantly (perhaps) kills everything in its path--framed by a Greek-like movie-watching chorus and a wise-cracking, fourth-wall-breaking sheriff (who encourages one of his deputies to shoot him to prove that nothing is real).  And, as you may expect, none of it really makes sense.The acting is solid, but ultimately inconsequential--which is perhaps the film's biggest flaw.  When your star is a mute piece of rubber, you need solid directing and interesting visuals to keep the audience's attention.  Initially, Dupieux delivers; the open scene is beautifully orchestrated, and there are other killer (pun intended) scenes as well.  But it doesn't really add up.  Which is largely Dupieux's point, of course; he's making a statement here.  The problem is, his message doesn't come across too clear.  RUBBER is worth a watch for fans of off-kilter comedy, or anyone interested in the philosophy of film-making, but it isn't a movie for everyone.  If the title of this review (quoted from that marvelous opening scene) appeals to the film aesthete in you, then this movie is definitely up your alley.  If it seems like nonsense...best look elsewhere.
This program is really sick. You shouldn't laugh at or exploit a show that is full of people getting injured. It also should have been rated R for language and violence. I can't believe that MTV would put such a program on that is watched and revered by young adults.Even though they say don't try this at home, impressionable young people would try these stunts and sub stain every lasting injuries. This program is trash in my opinion. MTV for creating this series should be ashamed of themselves for profiting from others pain. I fell that the companies who sponsored this program should hang their heads in shame also.............
This felt very derivative and uninspired.  Yet another spooky, extraordinary child on the run from the government and/or emotionless European assassins.  Yawn.
This was just painful to watch.  I am reminded of the repetitious stereotypical-based skits that make up the majority of the bile-generating torture that is Saturday Night Live; however, SNL has the occasional performance that makes all of the suffering worth while.  This show has no saving grace.
It was OK.  I would probably watch more episodes but I wasn't really drawn in.  The main theme of musicians having sex with each other and playing musician drinking games seems to overshadow the larger plot.  The characters are good although I had trouble telling some of the female characters apart.
I'm sorry in advance for being frank, but the cuteness of Maya Erskine and Margo Harshman hardly makes up for the ugly cast that makes up the rest of the actors, which made this hard to watch. And why did everybody's eyes look like they were about to burst out into tears? Also, this seems like the kind of series that would just keep dragging on and on. If it were a movie, it'd be fine - you'd watch it for 2 hours, and then it'd be over. But as a series, the plot just doesn't have the potential. Many will say that the road to commercializing an idea is a long and twisty one, and I don't disagree, but I just don't think it's one that would make good television; especially not as a comedy. The silly romantic interests of him and her are just a cliche attempt at distracting you from realizing that there isn't enough in the story alone to keep you entertained.
The ideal of it is dumb in my opinion. One of those ideals that works for a game but not a series. Sorry, I watched two shows and I just couldn't get into it.
playback is horrible.is pauses all the time and makes watching it a pain in the A&#34;&#34;&#34;&#34;&#34;.if this was a dvd I would return it for a new one, but it is instant video purchase.
Not especially engaging and definitely only worth the 'free' episodes from Amazon Prime.  Ciaran Hind is always good - not much else
Disaster movies have gotten way better with improvements in CGI, and this offers a great example.  Tsunami effects, pyroclastic flow, ejected lava, earthquakes collapsing cliffs and destroying buildings - it's all great stuff.The plot, not so much. Gladiators in manly friendship and professional enmity, sweet young thing and leering Roman scumbag - well, they're well-worn kinds of parts to make a script from, but very little I found especially memorable. One thing somewhat stood out, though: the Pompeiians' ongoing insistence that the increasing volcanic activity and earthquakes were nothing to worry about - the kind of natural phenomenon that happens all the time, and they maintained that almost until the rain of fire destroyed the city. It sounds almost like a time-compressed recap of today's climate change deniers and where they might lead us.Adequate commodity entertainment, but little more.-- wiredweird
I have to say I think that though this was a good season per say this show has &#34;Jumped the shark&#34; and I most likely will not get next season
Horrible acting mixed with a stupid story line made for hilarity in this supposed horror movie. I do not recommend this unless you want a good laugh with a disappointing end.
I think this series has gone on too long.  Not very interesting anymore.
Some of the worst television ever produced; it isn't quite bad enough to be revolting, but it's close. The Blacklist tells the story of brave Federal agents stopping terrorists (usually violent domestic activists bent on killing people, unlike the real-life domestic activists who are mostly non-violent). The agents also spend time at a black ops site where there are no prisoners, no cages, and no torture, again unlike real black ops sites. Like children playing war, the agents race here and there defeating bad guys. It has lots of action and little reflection. So, it shouldn't be surprising that it is mainly based on empty stereotypes. The one bright spot is James Spader's character. He is the father of the female lead (though we haven't been told this yet) and he may, or may not, be an international terrorist. The mystery around this character, and Spader's acting, are compelling, but not enough to overcome the lack of development of the other characters, the silly writing, and the children's tale that is The Blacklist.
Well I sort of like the way the show plays out from episode to episode......so far that is until I read the info for the shows that are still being downloaded......In episode number 9 ZUMA CAYNON Det Winters is fatally shot by a Mexican Drug Lord.......then well HOLD the PRESSES in the episodes that are still waiting to be viewed Det Winters is again living.  He is noted to be in episodes 18, 20, 21, and 22.  Oh and in episode 22 he is fatally wounded again.  Episode 22 is titled WESTWOOD.  Now then Morales also has two episodes where he is noted as returning to the police department and involved in the same action.  The first is episode 9 which is titled SILVER LAKE and the next is episode (number 19) is titled CARTHAY CIRCLE.  I am not sure if this is what will be happening as I am still waiting for the episodes to download to my system; but one of two things is a bugger in this matter.  The first being that whom ever wrote the info for these episodes made a big ERROR, in which case AMAZON needs to fix this quickly or the studio was looking for a way to slide a curve ball to the viewers and while at it making a few bucks for the same episode just by renaming them.Well I still say I like how the episodes I have seen so far have been produced and will press for either a correction of the information for the episodes that have been noted above or press for a refund for the repeat episodes that were just renamed.......
I didn't laugh once while watching the pilot episode, which is really sad considering Goodman's talents.  They jammed every Republican stereotype into one episode and tried to pretend it's funny.  It's not.  I am very disappointed and will not watch another episode, and if I can keep one person from watching this tripe, my review will not have been wasted.I gave it an extra star because the acting and the production values are very good, even if the show is terrible.
I only watched this because I had heard a friend rave about it.  I have to say that although it was somewhat entertaining, I was not impressed overall.  Who knows it could get better so I wouldn't say I wouldn't watch another episode.
Thought I would pull through it but dumb got dumber with the actors and the plot. Once liked the actors now I think they had and off day or off plot
I badly want to give this 4-5 stars, but just cannot bring myself to do it. That's certainly not Olyphant's fault. He is in rare form as Raylan Givens while the hair-trigger Deputy U.S. Marshal starts to slip more toward the dark side.At first I thought it was somewhat fun that the writers decided to bring in the Crowe family from Florida. It turned out to be a terrible mistake. The chemistry just wasn't there, and despite being more physical and brutal, even the smartest of them is only marginally more intelligent than the comic relief character Dewey.The Ava Crowder story line is long, tedious, excessively trite, and entirely without point.One scene that was built up as an epic encounter just waiting to be played out turned out to be an exercise in laughable stupidity.The writers, much like this review, were simply all over the map. Thankfully, they brought the story to a very definitive point with the conclusion, setting up what is supposed to be the epic final season where Givens will finally get to face off against his nemesis.
I've watched two episodes and seen enough. There is nothing all that original here other than opening the show by taking hostage teenagers from the expensive school in DC to which the wealthy and powerful send their kids. That was an interesting idea but once we did that, in the first thirty minutes, we find ourselves in yet another FBI and Secret Service driven story.  It seems lately as if any new network show gets off the ground, the FBI must be in there somewhere. Gillian Anderson is good as one of the parents but she is better in HANNIBAL and the Irish criminal series she was in for 2013. I just can't watch another one of these FBI shows.  I am already watching too many of them. I've given up a few others and am trying to just stick to the extremely well done ones. I am beginning to feel like the entertainment industry should pay a tax to the FBI for using them so much.
Well, the kiddos loved this one also, but it didn't always hold their attention.  It was still good and I'd have to recommend for the little ones
I suppose a broken marriage might turn out three self centered, greedy, destructive adult children even if the parents seem to have found themselves after the break, but this pilot was just overwhelming for me.  For a half hour pilot there was too much bickering, too much nudity, too much sex with totally unlikeable characters - except perhaps for the father who was the only light in the show - and that only in the very last scene.  Doubt that I will be looking at this one again.
This series was about American icons and important places. I can't figure out why I would care about the Playboy Mansion and Fort Knox in the same series. Did Hugh Hefner pay for the series so he could get some publicity?  Skip the playboy episode.
I just dished out a $1.99 for this GARBAGE.This show is full of bad acting ,bad make up and a bad story line.Unfortunately this seems to have become the norm among TV.I have never been so bored in my life , even on fast forward this thing goes nowhere.I bought it because it got 4 stars - just who is rating this crap?People over 12 should have a bit more sense.And please - Where is the Science in Sci-Fi?It was a waste of major time and little money, but I sure am NOT watching any more of this crap.SyFy had a lot of decent shows in the past that got cancelled , I can just hope this one doesn't make it past the few episodes they have.
This show has a very unique take on the Dracula story. I liked Jonathan Rhys Myers as Henry the VII and so I took a chance on this show. So far it has my interest I'm not sure it can hold it.
Poor attempt. Seems like they were trying for a cross between 1st & Ten and Major League. Bad story, bad acting. Hard to get through the pilot. Thought Amazon was trying for &#34;original&#34; programming.
Not even worth while renting.  All the reviews seem to be written by those who have some vested interest in the film.  A lot of cheap movie shots of Mexico somewhere and homes still not repaired from Hurricane Katrina event.  Standard boy meets girl who is already engaged but ends up not wanting to getting married to her husband to be, but falls in love with the guy she has the adventure with.  Like the last Titanic movie disaster.  I waste a lot of time watching movies, and this was very much of a waste of time.  The final seen of the monsters is some kind of land walking Octopus types with a lot of extra arms, which could not exist on land.  The Octopus type body is made only for a water environment and could not move on land.  And these monsters were not all that distinct.  The monsters do a lot of guttural and screeching sounds.  Very stupid.  At the end you have the two main actors staring at these monsters with mouth open wonderment.
The movie is about a mission to Europa to discover what is under the ice. The movie was more drama than scientific and overall pretty bland. The music kind of ruined it as well. Overall, it might be a watch once kind of movie.
I would have liked to see Anthony Hopkins as Hannibal, this guy has such a speech impediment and too much of a likeness to Putin he makes me gag. The murder scenes are grotesquely violent, and yet the thought of Hannibal being caught leaves me addicted to this series. I have to see Will vindicated.
It was good but I lost interest in it pretty quick. Maybe I'll try again later but right now I think it was a little stale.
The movie was not awful nor bad. it was not too boring and action did not make me wait. While there are some movie mistakes like where people seem to walk fast and step strong as if it was on our planet, and some questionable scenes, I found the plot to be quite interesting and good because it's different. Sure the walking dead people is one of those questionable things about the movie, it may not seem realistical, but I didn't care. It was interesting to see somethign new and different. it wasn't a stupid plot. Sure infected people may remind of zombies, but they are not zombies, they act different. While the movie is far from great it is worth watching. I didn't find characters interesting, yet the story, the red planet, it just all that matterred to me. I liked it.
Movie consists of 50% showing a face in front of a hand held camera boringly telling some story that would make any UFO, paranormal, zombie, Bigfoot, government conspiracy freak as satisfied as a plate load of bbcue wings in the belly. Another 25% is repeatedly showing old news footage of random, and over the years, dead herd, flock, schooling critters meant to strike fear in all whose education ended in the fifth grade. The final 25% is just some made up stuff.
Just as "Transformers" (2007) took the characters and universe from a TV show and put them in a non-stop, big budget contemporary action movie, "Star Trek" (2009) does the same for the original "Star Trek" TV show. This Trek movie is good, and better than most of the other Trek movies, but it does not fully bring back the glory of Star Trek. Most of the original characters are back, played by new young actors who do a good job of capturing the original actors' body language and personalities. There's Kirk, Spock, McCoy, Scotty, Uhura, Sulu, Chekov, and a few more favorites. Leonard Nemoy also returns to play Spock in a few portions of the movie. But other than the characters, ships, uniforms, and sound effects, the movie is mostly a blur of action. I like action, but I miss the thoughtfulness of the original series. I miss the strange new worlds, the debates between Spock and McCoy, and the cleverness of Kirk. I was hoping for more of the spirit and feel of the original series. Also, I like my action slow enough that I can see it. The trend in Hollywood for several years has been action with lightning fast edits and a thousand and one moving objects on the screen. I was more thrilled by seeing one giant bolder slowly descending upon Indiana Jones in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". This Trek movie feels like a compromise between the old Star Trek and contemporary Hollywood action movies. I really enjoyed the moments that evoked the original TV show, and I liked some of the action, but to me this Trek does not have as much of the original show as I had hoped. Reviewed 5/8/2009 after watching in a theater during its original release.
This is show is only sometimes funny.  It has a wide appeal, though.  It's not just for the ladies.  The actresses are great.  The show definitely has potential, but so far the writing has been kind of weak.  Not so much funny as amusing.  The characters are likable, so you can see where putting them in funny situations will get easier.The show has not hit its stride.  Give it a chance and see what you think.
My son started to watch it and told me he skipped some parts. I just shut it off. Could have been so much better without some of the shots.
If one earthquake could destroy an entire South American city, and unleash the worst of humanity to wreak havoc on innocent people, then don't go. I'm not sure what the message of this movie is, except that South American cities may have lax building codes, and many old buildings, that are ready to collapse. I guess that's true, but the rest of the story seems to be some kind of portrayal  of the consequences of sin, and the risk of chance. If you enjoy watching humble people suffer, this movie is for you.
Weak story line.  Cinematography was poor.  Sets,make up costumes none were well done.  It was a cheaply made movie.  And I love a good show that tells stories of times long ago.  This is no &#34;Rome&#34; by HBO
I've finished season one and I can't say I'll watch another. It started off great, and I really enjoyed the first half of the season, but then it just got weird, and not in an interesting and entertaining way. I think the cast is great, and the premise is awesome, but the stories need a little help. When tree roots start coming alive, then you know the writers have run out of ideas. Perhaps the second season is better and I should give it a chance, but I'm not in a hurry.
Trying to address mental illness is very tough in any context and I applaud the effort.  The shortcomings (in my opinion only) are that not all mental health patients should disregard medications that may make them less stressful on the caretakers. I understand the husband agreeing to the absence of medication but I am not sure I like the idea of the children (who were not asked their opinion before birth) having to find coping mechanisms for dealing with a parent who is so obviously ill; I speak from personal experience on the subject.  If the character wanted children than the price of using moderating medication until they are adults (and able to understand the consequences fully if the choice is offered at that time) should have been paid. It is very complex situation and hardly fair to try to cover it in a one hour tv show but at least it brings the conversation forward and, as I said I applaud the effort.  Thank you.
I purchased this show because I thought it would be like the hallmark specials. The first one was, but they started to get surreal by the third one. The acting for the male lead is feminine in nature. The discussions and &#34;drama&#34; within the show are petty. Therefore I couldn't get past the 4th show. (even though I purchased the entire 1st season).
Please do not equate science to bombs...this is very bad timing, I must say having a relative severely injured by a bomb in Boston.
>>>>> this review contains spoilers if you haven't seen episode 1 of the season &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;So, Nick turns into a zombie and then survives a drastic plane crash. Seriously? I suppose you are going to tell me that because he is a zombie, he survived the crash? Sorry: just because you have a supernatural show, that doesn't mean you can pull this kind of crap and expect us to gladly accept it. There comes a point in many network serials where a line is crossed and the trust of the audience is betrayed. Unfortunately this moment came too soon for such a promising show that is only in its adolescence. I will continue to watch Grimm until its demise, but my viewing of it has been changed irrevocably.Why zombies, Grimm? I know you would like to have as large a viewership asThe Walking Dead: Season 3, but honestly we could have done without Zombie Nick. I may be able to forgive you as long as you don't start up with vampires too. And please don't ask us to believe that Nick can survive things like a plane crash in the woods that leaves the fuselage in tatters; what is next, a fall from the top of St. Johns Bridge? This is not LOST, nor is Nick a superhero... he is a Grimm. Well, I guess the writers can make him whatever they want him to be, but Arrow (e.g.,Three Ghosts) is already doing the superhero.UPDATE 12/19/2013: Okay, the season is showing improvement. More time spent in Europe, which broadens the story arc significantly and provides more screen time for Sasha Roiz (one of the better actors on the show). And no more zombies! At least we got something out of the zombie detour: Nick was able to keep a superpower from his coffin time.There was a "homicidal Santa" episode (Twelve Days Of Krampus) that was also another shark jump, but it made me laugh; not sure if this was the intent, but what the heck... If the positive trend continues, I might forget about the zombie debacle.UPDATE 3/1/2014: Although the show has become soapier due to the relationship between Monroe and Rosalee (somewhat replacing the Juliette drama that had gotten so tiresome), the writers managed to squeeze some excitement out of it by doing aGuess Who's Coming To Dinnerepisode (Revelation). Bravo. Again, Grimm shows that it can do more than plod along as a "creature of the week" cop show. Also, the Scooby gang is starting to gel nicely and is one of the strengths of Grimm now.FINALE UPDATE: Okay, count me back in. The introduction of Trubel was a good move, and now there's a reason to watch season 4. She'll probably get killed off or leave town when Nick gets his "superpowers" back, but she adds an edge to the show that was missing. Reminds me a wee bit of when Faith was introduced inBuffy the Vampire Slayer - The Complete Third Season. As for the other plot lines, I'm glad the telekinetic baby with glowing eyes has less screen time by being taken away, but I have a feeling we will be forced to watch more about superbaby next year.
Season 3 of Archer doesn't seem to have the same level of sarcasm and comedy as the first couple of season did. The plot seems to meander around a bit as well. Still funny, but instead of the Archer marathons like I used to have, this season I can take it or leave it.
sumptuous costumes & scenery,average otherwise. Very familiar story,most everyone over the age of 12 has been exposed to&#34;Pride & Prejudice&#34;!
THE OXFORD MURDERS (2007, U.S. release 2010, dir. Alex de la Iglesia, based on the Argentinean novelCrimenes Imperceptibles (Spanish Edition), "Imperceptible Crimes" by Guillermo Martinez). This cheesy made-for-television murder mystery is one of those all-too-arrogant, in-your-face, fall-down-silly errors that usually make audiences laugh in all the wrong places. Mission accomplished.Elijah Wood plays Martin, a mathematical prodigy (you couldn't tell from seeing this) who travels to study at Oxford under the great Professor Seldom (a brilliant, diabolical John Hurt). With some compelling music and cinematography that is a direct nod to Alfred Hitchcock - NOT to Brian De Palma as is commonly misstated - this is more like bad American 1980s TV than anything else.Aside from the endlessly stupid intellectual goofs in the mathematics and physics theorems referenced in the script (Fermat's Theorem is called "Bormat" or "Doormat" or something; the number pi is confused with the lesser-known number phi), there is little to commend this thing. The usual gross-out sex scene (even worse as half of 'the team' is Elijah) angered me as per usual. Eurotrash at its finest: with the help of a once-admired American falling star.What is saddest of all is the story is quite compelling, the villains are actually numerous - and not entirely evil. The real villain(s) will never be quite whom you suspect. One villain is idiotically exposed at the beginning of the film, but it doesn't end with her. What I think is wonderful is the question this movie puts to us: is crime and villainy a driven act of desperation on the part of an otherwise innocent person?As a murder mystery and as Anglophile-bait, it's mediocre. As a general film it is all too reminiscent of shows such as "Foyle's War" (believe it or not), "NCIS" and "NUMB3RS". It takes too many cues from other silly things such as THE DAVINCI CODE. The London Police cooperating fully with, even relying on, a weirdo student and a math professor in a major crime series? An American nobody kid allowed free run and access to crime scene photos? Are they kidding me??Michael Caine and Jeremy Irons were both offered the role of Professor Seldom, and wisely refused. John Hurt can always afford to dumpster-dive in a thing like this and take it in his stride; Elijah Wood cannot, and this is one of a string of proofs that Wood's career is finished. A solid ten minutes of absolute yuck sex between Elijah and a buxom beauty (just to remind us how straight he is) - that is the red flag of the ages. It's all part of the ultimate sadness of bad film and lost careers.Cry for this, Argentina! - the rest of the world may join in as desired.
This is the 1st time I've seen this seris and my jaw is on the ground.  In law school, they teach that conspiracies are worse than crimes committed by single actors.  There's a multiplier effect on the evil and efficiency and effectiveness.  This episode was painful to watch as the murders were so senseless and wicked.  I don't know why this case doesn't get that much attention when the killers are pure garbage just like the DC Snipers and the Atlanta Child Murderer.The couple commit many crimes and the show goes through each of them.  After awhile, it gets irritating.  This was different from a show like "Forensic Files" where some scientific truth is the key to getting the killer convicted.  Near the end, we learn a governor commuted the death sentence of the retarded female in the couple.  I think recently the Supreme Court may have ruled that the retarded can't face capital punishment, so this case may have been a forerunner of that.From the 1st minute of the show, I was ready to put these killers up under the jail.  No wonder "wicked" is in the title.  I don't know if this episode will make me avoid the series or become addicted to it.
As a season, I'd give it 3.5/5. As a whole, everything was a little sloppy and too close to season 1 for my tastes, but the finale &#34;Ghosts&#34; goes down in the books of being my favorite episode of the series ever. 5/5. Maybe 4.95/5 because that first scene wasn't the MOST compelling in terms of plot, but everything else played off character development in a way that I really think no previous episode has. I've never gotten why people think &#34;Justified&#34; is the best TV show on TV now (although season 3 was really good), but if the rest of the episodes follow the lead of this one, I think I may have just found my new favorite show.
This re-make of the classic series Bionic Woman is not as wretched as some would like to say. Overall it suffers from a slightly dull athmosphere, and it is true that the writing could have been tighter but the acting is rather good and the effects are first-rate even if they are somewhat in the background. So the story is quite simple, underachieving bartender Jamie Summers is almost killed during an accident and re-built by her experimental-surgeon boyfriend. Afterwards it is quite straightforward. But as I wrote it is not as bad as some other reviewers put it.
We have really been into this series, but the acting is rapidly deteorating. We end up laughing too often because of the over-the-top characters (Pope,Porter) and bad acting...lately any time Margaret or Karen is on screen we go into fits, those two are especially bad. Fantastic special effects and interesting storyline have kept us going so far.
Giving a reason why this movie is all kinds of awfulness would be a disservice to anyone reading this review because quite simply I had to shut it off after 20 minutes. It was that bad.
I felt it started a little slow but the story line got better as it went on.  Are they trying to rival the Wolf of Wall Street with the use of the F*** word so much.  There is no need for that.  Bosch has a better command of vocabulary that that is not needed and slows the enjoyment of the plot.  The doctor was a very good choice for supporting actor and would be good to incorporate in later shows.  The actor chosen as the coroner was an excellent choice.  I'm not so sure that I like the actor chosen for Bosch and he really shouldn't be smoking so much.  It hurts his character. It may get better with future episodes depending on how the story is developed.
World's Greatest Dad****Dark, Truthful Outrageous Comedy"World's Greatest Dad"  turned out to be a thougthful story.  It is dark and outrageous, as it sifts through relationships to find what matters.  It is a story of a high school poetry teacher, and aspiring writer,  Lance (Robin Williams) who finds his only son, Kyle ((Daryl Sabara),  dead after a very embarrassing and awkward  accident.  His son was rude, gross with fellow students and teachers, and failing in school.  Kyle even insulted his father's girlfriend, Claire (Alexie Gilmore), the young, perky art teacher.  At the scene of Kyle's unexpected death,  Lance is shocked and grief stricken.  He is wracked with pain as he realizes what his son has done.  The scenes are gut wrenching to watch.  He feels the least he can dois to cover up the way Kyle died.  Lance writes a suicide note for his son so he does not have to face embarrassment on top of grief.  Because the students at the high school could not believe that Kyle could have committed suicide - Kyle was not afraid of speaking up, he had a strong personality and attitude. Nothing seemed to faze him. Soon a fellow student finds the father's ghost-written suicide note on-line and it is printed in the local paper.  The note becomes riveting in its depth and hits a chord with students and school personnel.  They could not believe how sensitive Kyle was and how he was misunderstood.  A cult of worshiping Kyle starts up.  Kyle's only friend is not convinced Kyle wrote the note.  He knew him too well.  However,  Lance keeps the momentum going on Kyle's new persona.  He sees a chance to give his failed writing career a boost and writes his son's journal and publishes it.  It becomes a best seller, and Lance gets everything he thought he wanted in life.  But  something does not sit right.  This was not who his son was.  It is who the public wants him to be.The ending is interesting and almost a relief.  Life is what it is.  This movie also reminded me of the celebrity cult - what is printed and what is true.
I watched it because of Ribisi but it really is what it appears to be. A very cliche, descending trombone sound, lame and silly sitcom. The picture is an accurate depiction of the show. I haven't watched something like this since I was a little kid. Three's Company was better than this show.What is Ribisi thinking? He is a genius and he's doing this show?
I believe I was looking for another movie title and wasn't sure what a friend of mine was  watching.  This definitely was not the movie I wanted to watch.
It is okay.  Same thing over and over.  When you have seen one wives reality show, you've seen them all.
Although I believe we may have been visited in the past, the so called &#34;experts&#34; have no credentials. I mean one is a boxing promoter or some such? The leaps of fancy parading as facts is astounding. &#34;See that round rock? Ancient Alien theorists believe this was a stone placed here by Aliens and was used for their giant pool tables!&#34;
The first couple of episodes were good.  The later episodes left something to be desired.  I am not sure why so many writers for TV dramas fall back on the usual storyline...doctor's son comes into the ER with a stab wound.  Doctor wants to operate on son blah, blah blah.  Doctor  gets shot, hit by a car etc. (you get the idea) and everyone is on pins and needles waiting for her/him to pull through.  I like the idea of the program and I think those Monday morning sessions are some of the most interesting and, yes, entertaining.  It's the subplots that are pretty trite.
I am not sure about how I feel about this series yet.  I didn't absolutely hate it, but I didn't particularly love it either.  None of the characters were really interesting to me accept the little bald guy who is a screw up.  The rest were just annoying/boring.  Something that annoyed me.  The stereotype &#34;loud cuban/latina&#34; american woman.  I am hispanic and I know plenty of latin women who do not start immediately cursing out people in their native tongue when they get upset.  I found it hard to watch because the stereotype is so played out.  Oh look how crazy that lady is and how fast she can speak in her funny/weird language.  Yea not so funny.
never seen a show based around symphonies and classical music before. It may catch on. Be interewsted to see how the story line devolpes.
Perhaps it's because I'm a Fire Fly and Star Trek junkie, but this series was not impressive to me at all. I got tired of the constant close ups of the girl's ludicrous eyes. Whatever plotline the series was supposed to have never advanced an inch. I felt like I was swimming in mud with each episode I watched.
MILD spoilers follow!!It has an interesting premise. Supernatural (x-files) meets post apocalyptic (Revolution)It has a bit of humor, mostly in the way of goofy storytelling.Also the characters were all very stereotypical. .I am not sure if this was intentional, or just poor writing.Is it just me, or can they not decide when they want stuff to work or not. When she first discovers everyone running around, itmade it seem as though the cars stopped working. Then the helicopters crash, seemingly like they both just stopped working.  The power's out, but the generators still work?! They were really not clear on the laws and how it affected everything.The big reveal at the end has me interested for more, but i will not be devastated if I didn't see more.
This movie is kinda' a mixed bag for me.  It had a lot of potential, but in the end it was just another takeoff of your run-of-the-mill slasher flick.  The premise is okay:  opening scene of a musical opera (gone badly wrong), and then you shift to this wonderful summer camp for "musical people."  The song "I'm Gay--But Not in that Way" just about had me rolling on the floor.I'm not going to give away anymore of the plot because that wouldn't be fair.  I did not dislike this movie; I just thought it could have been so much more.  I will say that I would not be surprised if this were rewritten and taken to off-Broadway and finally Broadway.  Given a little tweak here and there, this might just make it.I let you guys decide on this one!  Rated R for some bloody violence, language, and partial nudity.
Not really a comedy, sometimes stressful, sometimes insightful.  Ends with a question mark, probably due to the writers' strike.
This is a film for those that are easily entertained.It's just weird how movies like "Red Lights" that require the viewer to think and use a bit of critical thinking skills to tie the plot together will get bombed reviews because it makes people think. Then you have mindless "coloring book" styled movies like this get high praise from the masses. I say coloring book because it doesn't make you think or give you a reason to use your brain. As long as you stay inside the lines the picture will come out the way it's supposed to look, better yet even if you go outside the lines the picture will come out the way it's supposed to look because it's already defined for you. That is what these kinds of movies are like. You just sit down and watch them then it ends. I've seen that shift a lot in movies lately where movies that make the viewer "think" get bashed or end up with comments like "I didn't get it", "I don't understand", "I have some questions?". People really don't like to think anymore when they watch movies****(I'm not basing my rating on my observations I note above)****As for this movie it just wasn't to my taste. Movies that try to be awkward but don't carry any depth to them aren't my cup of tea. If you could compare this movie it's like Men In Black meets Harold and Krumar go to White Castle with a bit of Scott Pilgrim tied in (except Scott Pilgrim had a deeper message to it that only thinking people caught). If you're looking for that kind of movie of quirky action movie. You have to have a certain kind of sense of humor to enjoy this film (toilet humor). That's all that really can be said about the movie. Plot wise it's about 2 men that find themselves captivated by a drug that allows them to have unique abilities to see and know things what the rest of us don't. The two men take up the role to be like the M.I.B. to these outer worldly creatures.
I was expecting bad. Ok, pretty bad. However, I have been pleasantly surprised.It started off strong and has continued strong. The actors have done a good job and the storylines are interesting. At this point, it is difficult to tell where all the subplots are going. Nothing appears cheap, cheesy, B rated nor low budget.Honestly, I am kinda shocked that it is as good as it is.Is it just me, or does the actress that plays the deputy remind you of Jo from Eureka?
An interesting take on the &#34;Z&#34; genre we've been getting a lot of lately. A nice sense of confusion is established at the beginning and as the story unfolds we find people are not what they seem at all. Good acting overall and Sharlto Copley continues to create interesting characters in the few films I've seen him in so far
I loved, loved loved the previews and could not WAIT for this show.First thing you will notice is that the lead has a dumpy feel to him. He's pudgy. The girl looks dead most of the time...lifeless eyes. I know we are supposed to get that she dislikes this job, but somehow I think that is a luxury she can ill afford. She is brand new and she needs him.It is also unbelievable that she would talk back to her boss the way she does. The characters are just poorly developed.The writing is not there. Obviously, she is this criminal's daughter. Obviously. The plots are hard to follow and wobble upon a heavy amount of violence. All of that bloody encounter with her husband and then the cutting off of the hand in the last episode... just disgusting. I assume NBC would like to keep a few women in the audience...and we are leaving.I do like that we are unsure about her husband...that is a good mystery.The saving grace about the show is the internal FBI details as well as the premise. But it is never clear from the writing how he is aware of the criminal activity. You have to make the show believable.Here is another example of poor plotting, poor characterization. The lead obviously wants to spend time with the girl. The dinner was the perfect time to do that. But for no apparent reason, he bolts and runs in the middle of the dinner. I know the point is to add some action, but it just seems to me that it should happen at the end of the dinner.I am completely disppointed. It would be nice if the producers would watch The Good Wife and see how beautifully and richly the characters are drawn.I am adding some thoughts because I want to love this show:Punch it up with a new hot  criminal...with a 007 feel to him. A hot sexy guy. The pudgy guy could compete with him, mentor him, or just plain disappear. Punch it up more with a sexy female opposite 007 who has some edge to her...think patty nyholm on The Good Wife...what a great, smart character. But a sexier patty. That would definitely juice up the show. And get writers..good ones. Ones that understand character, can write a good plot, and can throw in some humor. And drop the violence...assuming you want women viewers. Come on...you can do it! NBC needs you, fer sher.UPDATE: I definitely saw the handwriting on this wall---the previews for the last show were so violent and horror filled that I passed. Good luck with this sort of writing.
The word that keeps coming up as I watch this season--and even season 3--is &#34;clever&#34;.  Time and time again, the characters will come up with a cute or clever line just to be cute or clever.
I honestly don't like this season, espically since I don't care for the two seasons before this one, and I really hope the show redeems itself with the next one. Why do I not like it? It's not too hard to explain, first this season had too many twists in it and these twists were executed poorly (how I can't say as I'd have to spoil the season), also 16 people is way too many people for this show, you got the feeling early on that there wouldn't be many likeable people and finally all the bad remarks made by the houseguests.That last one however is the killer, there was so many bad remarks the producers couldn't even air all of them. Worse they try and edit the show so that one or two houseguests look the bad guy and are opposed by the others, when in reality half of the others were laughing at the remarks earlier. Sources have revealed to me that many houseguests lost their jobs because of these remarks. Stuff like that should be revealed even though that would've alienated even more people.Ultimatly this show suffers pretty much the same fate as season 13, nice season gameplay wise, but not many likeable people and many bad remarks being issued. The final winner was the right choice out of the last few but wasn't that great. Ultimatly like with Big Brother 9, I think this seaosn is going to gradually hushed up by CBS and won't be mentioned if possible. I actually rank this as 2nd worst BB season critique wise but personally say it's 3rd worst.So ultimatly be careful and only check this out if you are a completeist.
Before deeming this review as unhelpful, I just want you to listen to what I have to say regarding this television program. And it is not COMPLETELY bad; it is more tolerable than a lot of the other stupid children's series out nowadays, so that is why I gave it an extra star. However, the humor is not the best.This is one of those programs featuring characters (particularly Otis more than anyone else) who are quite dim with bouts of cockiness and conceit that are very irritating. Sometimes that can be a good thing, but this series doesn't do a good job of portraying that in a funny way. And he does get his comeuppances frequently after having someone else top him, but often through predictable but ridiculous changes or circumstances or idiotic plot twists. The characters are either dimwitted, cocky, saucy, or all of the above either simultaneously or during certain situations, and in a way that is intended to tickle viewers' funny bones but is so dumb that it fails. Many characters are so moronically-obnoxious that it's infuriating rather than entertaining. A shining example of one of these characters is Snotty Boy, who the writers try so hard to depict as obnoxious and bratty that they overdo it on his personality, and he comes off as so annoying and idiotic that it's really not that funny. That is the thing about this show: when they try to portray particular characters a certain way, they over-dramatize the qualities that make them appear that way (i.e. charitable, sweet, feminine) to such a degree that it's just downright stupid rather than laughable, like how they're intending. (for example, a character with an overly- sweet personality would sound like this: "I'll go pick flowers and frolic through the meadows riding on a unicorn's back" in those exact words. No character has used those exact lines, I believe, but often very similar ones. It's supposed to be humorous, but it is so stupid that it is not). There's a good degree to over-dramatize things and a bad one in comedy. If you go to the bad one, then it makes things seem stupid.Sorry that this review is so long. It is just difficult to describe what makes this program so moronic, in my opinion. If you are unfamiliar with the series and have not ever really seen an episode before, go online and watch a few for yourself and you'll see what I mean. It is tough to explain things without far too many exact quotations. And take the words of my review to heart while watching an episode, too. Then you will be able to understand things better. But please do not deem me as unhelpful right away without very good reason.
A lot of people have reviewed this flick and some thought it pretty much bit the big one, while others thought it went more for spooky nuance than the big scare. For the most part, it did go for nuance, but there were still some cheap scares. So I'm siding with the former.Here's the scoop. A vintage New England hotel, the Yankee Pedlar, is closing down. The owner is in the Barbados, and two young folk are left to man the place on it's final weekend. The only guests are a mother and son, a one-time actress turned psychic and an old fellow with fond memories of the place. The hotel has a reputation for being haunted by a ghost tied to a particular incident. The kids want to record evidence of the haunting. Of course, things get out of hand.The only other film I've seen from writer/director Ti West was "The House of the Devil" and I liked it quite a bit. This outing, however, is a real stinker. There were individual scenes, between the two leads, that I liked quite a bit, but the story overall was a mess. Like most (if not all) haunted type flicks there is something at the center of the haunting needing resolve. Here it's a woman who hanged herself on her wedding day. Little clues are given but there is no logical building of the clues to a resolve. The viewer never finds out what happened to bring on the misery. I'm not certain what the mother/son characters were there for. They have nothing to do with the story and are written out of the script about two thirds the way in. There are a couple of cheap, jump scares and there is no way to know why it ends the way it does. And what about the old guy? He is nowhere integral to the story. Was he needed to fill in the clock? This movie is just stupid over and over. All it really has are a couple of good characters. I liked Sarah Paxton and Pat Healy as the two leads. But they just couldn't get their story, or the overall story, on track. And Kelly McGillis is a veteran. She does a decent job, but it's way too convenient that she shows up in this place on this particular weekend.The production values are good enough. The Yankee Pedlar is a cool place with a lot of personality. It made for a great setting, but there just wasn't enough here for a movie, and what little there was was put together all wrong.
My child will watch anything YGG.But, Tori Spelling - pregnant - with tunic riding up in back?That's worse than getting hit in the face with a snowball.Every time I see the show, I know behind it all, there aredads laughing.Leslie and Tori, we can tell you were dressed bymen cutting fabric with safety scissors, who let their daughtersdo your makeup. But have some pride ladies,little girls are watching!
When this came on I gave it a try. As a Stephen King fan I had too!However I just couldn't get into it, and didn't watch it past the second episode. If you are a King fan, youcan see the who is the bad guysetc. So I saw it on Amazon Primeand thought to give it another go.Glad I did. Yes it is typical Stephen King but,the way they are telling the story keeps you wanting to see the next episode. I think they are coming out with a new season so its a great way to catch up.
I watched the pilot for 15 minutes waiting for it to develop, but it never did for me. The characters were predictable, the angst stereotypical. I lost paitence so I ended it.
It seems this premise has been done in multiple formats involving and a sundry of sports and reminded me of the Hangover movies maybe it was the monkey? But likely the sophomoric humor. On the bright side is Natalie Zea who is exceptional as the ex-cheerleader/trophy wife of the late owner of the Rebels.I would probably watch more episodes before I wrote it off completely.
Fine actors, interesting idea; who the hell knows. I woould watch for a bit if only for the interesting orchestra aspect.
A cross between Raiders of the Lost Arc and CSI.  It's fun to watch, but sometimes you don't have a reference for their conclusions.
I am a big NCIS fan.  Excuse me, I WAS a big NCIS fan.  I have seasons 1 through 7 on DVD.  I may have season 8 also, but I can't find it at the moment.  Starting in season 6 I noticed a falling off in the quality of the show; the writing just didn't seem as good.  Now with season 9 on DVD I see a huge falling off in picture quality as well.  The DVD picture quality is blurry, and in no way compares with the sharpness of the earlier seasons on DVD.  What?  Are they trying to get me to upgrade to Blu-Ray by deliberately selling me inferior DVDs?Between the inferior picture quality, and the sub-par writing, I'm sorry, NCIS has lost me as a fan.  @hg47
I had heard a lot of really good things, John Dies at the End is okay but for me did not live up to its press.
Nothing really wrong with this show it just didn't really keep my attention.  I think I started doing something else before it finished.
Like the first VHS, this one delivers some of the most imaginative horror cinema out there.  But these shorts rely a bit more on special effects, and lack the first's twisty surprises.  Out of the four short films, the third, Safe Haven, stands out.  It offers the most meaty premise, gives the most time with the characters, and ultimately quite the hellish fantasia of a reveal.  Overall it is still a fun, but slightly less effective horror collection.
The film makers really should stop watching reality TV and actually go to film school to learn how to make movies.
Not as funny as the other seasons. Still funny and follows the theme but perhaps it's one too many seasons. I understand that it's difficult to write the shows. They did an excellent job overall.
This is a weak comedy that finds itself funny in many scenes while you watch uncomfortably, waiting for real laughs to come.  They rarely, if ever, do.Then it--of course--bores us to oppression with the obligatory love interest subplot.Elizabeth Banks is capable of so much more as a comedic actress.  This movie wasted her talents by refusing to write funny dialogue or intensely uncomfortable scenes, and failing to include any funny side characters for her to bounce off of.Most of the scenes seem like unfinished rehearsals, in which the funny parts have not been discovered or written yet.  But they filmed it all anyway and called it a movie.TERRIBLE.
hahahahahhahhaah  this movie is EXACTLY like it's name... H-O-L-L-O-W...  Oh gosh, this was bad, really bad!  Save yourself; don't even think about pushing play.  Ha!
It is too contrived and really does not get better with more exposure. I regret buying the season. Don't bother.
I love CCH Pounder but please, write a good script for her! I turned part II off before the end.  I'm sure I won't watch the new series unless they get some decent scripts, clean up the dark, grimy locations, and get the lead out of the characters rear-ends. NOLA may be a slow, not-so-clean, easy moving city, but a little bit of that goes a long, long way. Come on CBS! Home run from JAG to NCIS to NCIS LA... and now a dark, snoozefest of a show. Not quite the standard I've come to expect.
Nothing original here. The boys do science, the girls do fashion. There's the stuck-up blonde girl character, the teacher with fifties eyeglasses, the rough-voice bully, the intrepid person of color, the evil scientist villain. All of these have been done and overdone. Dexter did it much better years ago. The few clever cultural homages would be missed by the kids and didn't make it more watchable for adults.
Silly attempt at some veiled social statement. Diversity 101 on Steroids?  Exceptionally cheesy and without merit. A junkyard kitchen? Girls do Science poster movie?  It is great to give kids a break from reality, but when it becomes so deluded by the politically correctness and social massage that it is delusional, then kids lose. A pidgeon with a rocketpack? Okay --what did Nancy say?  JUST SAY NO!
Daniel Lutz is probably the most annoying person I have ever seen in a documentary. He comes off as obnoxious and immature.  To make matters worse it seemed like a vanity piece for him and because of that the rest of the movie felt and probably was a sham.  It was just a way for him to make a quick buck and get some attention.  The shots of him playing guitar were totally unnecessary and I really could not find one likeable thing about this man.  I have never seen a documentary where the main subject has not one redeeming quality.  Well, this was a first for me because by the end I still couldn&#8217;t see anything about Mr. Lutz that made me want to root for him.  In fact it was quite the opposite.  I hope this was his 15 minutes and we never have to hear or see from him again.It was very hard to sit through and I didn&#8217;t believe one word he said.  He actually reminded me of a prison inmate that would say anything to get parole.
Let me say that I live near The Great Lakes, they are pretty great! But, if you have see any of those Long John Silver fishing shows, it's the same thing. You may be actually surprised what the Lake Superior North Shore looks like...seriously! Plan a trip
This is a Canal production which means French although you wouldn't know it except by reading the credits. It has many gory, spectacular murders and other shocking scenes, including not just one but two sex scenes. It takes a while but eventually, the plot lines indeed weave together.I don't know why the 'cover' does not feature the older, big name stars: Sissy Spacek, Kris Kristofferson, Treat Williams. They all do a good job of projecting more depth in their short scenes than the younger generation of actors do. Too bad Eric Bana's career seems to have veered toward being a villain. He was appropriately cartoonish in Star Trek but in this movie, his character could have had more dimension. He could have shown more care for the girl and perhaps even some conflict about his crimes.
Feminist filmmaker Mary Harron has made some bold and provocative choices in past films such as "I Shot Andy Warhol," "American Psycho" and "The Notorious Bettie Page." She is not afraid to push things to the edge of reason and watch them topple over with an in-your-face glee. So I'm shocked by the tepid and somewhat unfocused "The Moth Diaries." The film seems to be borne of some interesting ideas, but it never effectively builds in intensity. The picture is lovely, to be sure, with breathy performances, gauzy flashbacks and ethereal fantasy sequences--but does it amount to much? I didn't think so. Pretty, but empty. That's the first phrase that popped into my head as the credits started to roll. Taking a popular young adult novel by Rachel Klein, Harron's choices here appear content to ape the underdeveloped emotions inherent in the Twilight saga as opposed to creating something that felt distinct or unique.Set in an all-girl boarding school, "The Moth Diaries" opens with an introduction to Rebecca (Sarah Bolger). A troubled girl rebuilding her life after a tragedy, she is really getting back into the swing of things with a close knit group of friends. A creepy new student (Lily Cole) starts to worm her way into the group and strange occurrences abound. Is Rebecca justifiably suspicious of the new girl? Or might it just be jealousy? After all, she is losing her best friend's devotion to this exotic new rival. With vampire allusions aplenty and some seemingly supernatural sightings, we're left to wonder what is real and what might be the imaginings of the increasingly distraught Rebecca. The solution, when it arrives, is neither particularly shocking or even interesting. As the entire film unfolds in one monotonous dimension, no suspense is ever really derived from the tale.I think the fundamental issue is that lack of adequate character development. All of the girls (and even the staff) start to be affected, but I wasn't invested in any of them. As such, it became hard to care about their respective fates. It doesn't help that the picture has a sporadic (and deadly wooden) narration by Bolger or that a poorly handled subplot involving a male teacher (the likable Scott Speedman) halts the forward momentum of the narrative. Perhaps the most intriguing aspect of the film is the Sapphic subtext as the girls form unnaturally close bonds. As alluded to in the movie, gothic tales such as this always have sex, death, and blood. After proclaiming this, though, the movie shies away from this aspect and leaves it largely unexplored. Harron opted to stay in the tween angst realm in this adaptation and the movie lacks an edginess that might have upped the danger and excitement. I didn't hate "The Moth Diaries," if anything I'm apathetic about it. It might very well have made a great movie, but everything feels thoroughly undercooked. About 2 1/2 stars. KGHarris, 8/12.
I've been debating what I thought about this film since it finished a few moments ago. It's not your average film, and so much of it was puzzling, bizarre, weird and cool. However what I think has lead me to give it 2 stars is analyzing all the bots and pieces.First I asked myself why did I watch it? Well the trailer was interesting, it was in black and white, but modern, and looked like it was going to have some cool visual effects like Disneyland was going to be blown up. So it grabbed my attention fast, but what I actually got was not what I expected. It's not horror, and borderlines on creepy to weird, depending on if you are scared by your own shadow, or like me and nothing scares you. S it loses a point in lying to me in the trailer that this was going to deliver what I expected it to, destruction in Disneyland and cool visual effects. They are too few in this movie overall and nothing was really seen that wasn't in the trailer.Secondly I was fooled by all the review headlines on the cover like this movie should not exist, and what not. I thought someone was making a horror film in Disneyland or somewhat exposing the way Disney keep deaths in the park hush hush and secretive... but not, it turns out to be more of a drunk guys acid trip. So minus another star.The acting is not that bad, and the filming is OK. However could you walk away quoting something from this film or really remember a stand out performance or scene in itself? No, not really, I don't think many people will either.I think amongst the captivating weirdness and bizarre things going on, I was also being driven to keep watching wondering how they managed to film this thing? Did they actually do it in Disneyland, is it blue-screen effect with composted in the background, or was it a secret filming they did without Disneyland Florida's permission? But once the film was over, I asked myself two things.Did I enjoy the movie? Well, some parts where OK, but by the time it ended and answered a question I was wondering, I thought, no, it's not a masterpeice. Some people really think art house is making a film in black and white these days, and I really can not emphasize just how stupid I think that sort of thinking is. If you had a black and white TV, it still wouldn't make Survivor worthy of watching or call must see tv, so who cares if this thing is shot in B&W; or not? Some shots did remind me of the old b&w; days of television (seeing reruns of coarse) but just because you can shoot a few scenes with that nostalgia feel doesn't mean the film is overall a work of art. It's just reusing something used many, many, many years ago. Adding cgi into it is not original either.So coming away from the film, I asked myself the ultimate question. Would I watch it again? And the answer is no. Its not a gripping story, it's just something so weird you can sit through it the first time, but to watch it again isn't going to be like re-watching Back To The Future where you seem to always spot or pick up on something you missed before. This film is just not up there in that kind of great film making. So how can it possibly be a 5 star movie? Shouldn't that be reserved for movies so great you can watch them over and over and over again, and not just once, like this one?Overall i'm in limbo to vote it somewhere between 2 and 3 stars. I don't hate it, but I don't like it, it's in between somewhere as my feelings kept rocking up and down all the way through the film as it steered in one direction, then for no reason went another, and then reveals this and that, but in the end... it wasn't clever. I see right through the tricks people have applauded this movie for. I can't urge them enough to get out and see more movies, and not just find a turd like this one, pick it up and say, &#34;Oh, it smells ....different, therefor it must be special!&#34;... still, how much can you sell a fresh turd for on eBay?
Offensive, and I am not easily offended--would be O.K. if not a prime time show.  Main character coarse and vulgar.
Lisa Scottoline is salivating over a human drama and murder, telling what kind of exciting story this made for her book (didn't mention her pocket) for a full hour. Her excitement over a tragedy was unbearable. She maybe could have faked some sadness.This show has boring stories (except the first episode) that goes on forever.
If the creators of Reign intended to make a historical drama with a target audience of teenage girls, then I would consider this pilot moderately succesfull.  If they were hoping to draw in a larger audience than that, then they have failed in a big way. The script for Reign, while tecknicly good, fails to show any real oridganality, and the acting is barely mediocre. The charicters just don't 'feel' mideville-- the young wemen come across like modern chearleaders and the male leads come across like highschool jocks. And the anackronisms! I'm sure that french castles in the fifteen hundreds all had large plate glass windows and that the young wemen wore dresses that would be great for a prom. And was that an asfault pavement I saw?If your looking for Game of Throwns, give this one a pass.
Maybe it's just me but it seems these type of shows are mirror images of each other. Alpha House just isn't that funny.
I picked this one because I am into syfy, but this just did not fill the bill. I would not reccomend it to anyone.
Because hating something takes somes level of involvement or passion. The characterization was god awful. Somehow, I keep thinking these stereotypical roles were done on purpose, but I just don't care enough to figure out why. I can't say I'd never watch it. Like a train wreck, sometimes you can't help yourself, but this would be at the bottom of my viewing queue.
The premise, a couple of future slackers become unwilling minions of the evil galactic conglomerate, is so clich&eacute;, so uber-PC, so lefty Hollywood snarky inside-joke stupid it might have been funny. Except that the jokes fall flat or are flat out distasteful ("I'll get you a hooker with five vaginas"). For heroes we have a fat, dorky stoner and his friend, an even more pathetic, down on his luck looser who is looking for love. Hilarity does not ensue. The highlight of the episode, and the stand-out in the cast, is the rebel chick. Unfortunately she comes with a stereotypical self-absorbed, narcissistic pretty boy sidekick--a total poser who loves to get stoned and quote Chairman Mao. Instead of being witty Dark Minions is banal; instead of being edgy it is foul mouthed; instead of being good it is simply bad. What makes shows like Big Bang Theory geeky and good is they have real science jokes and plot devices, matched with sympathetic characters possessing depth and believability. This pilot has none of those characteristics.
...is how someone actually put up money for this cavalcade of half-baked theories?Clearly someone had too much time on their hands. Why not help to fight hunger or illiteracy?I stayed with this until the deconstruction of the &#34;secret hard-on&#34; scene. Maybe the producers have enough time on their hands to make it, but I certainly don't have the time to sit through it. Life is too short. Really dumb.
Good comedy but I've only seen a few episodes. Very agile and quickly paced!  Wonderful cast. I love S. Channing.
This show was definitely not meant for adults but even kids shows should have some interesting points.  The characters even seemed to be uninterested to be in this show.  Wish I didn't waste my time watching it!
The series appears to end before much of anything is explained. It has its appeal. I figure it could have been better.
THIS REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS.I really enjoyed the first season of "Being Human", and I rated it five stars. This second season was a big step down for me, even though the production levels remain high, and the stories are quite engaging, for the most part.So why was I letdown? Because two of the three "protagonists" have become true monsters, and unlikable in my eyes. Aidan has returned to being an unrepentant serial killer, who occasionally loses control and offs a few innocents. Yet, the writers of this show consistently display him in what is supposed to be an empathetic, heroic light... but how am I supposed to empathize with a monster who kills innocent people for his own benefit, or that of his friends? Likewise, Sally has become something of a "serial killer" in the ghostly realm, though her crimes are even worse, since her victims are sent to a limbo that is described as "similar to hell". Again, her reasons for doing so are all driven by selfishness and disregard for the well-being of others. And again, the writers expect the audience to empathize with her, and a good deal of the story arcs deal with her "redemption". I just don't get it... and it's too bad, because I truly liked these two characters in the first season.The final character of the trio, Josh, remains the sole bright spot of this series. Josh is just as goofy and lovable as he's always been, and unlike his monstrous associates, he remains guided by a strong moral compass. He doesn't always get it right, but he tries his darnedest to avoid harming innocents, regardless of what might best serve his own interests. It could be argued that this huge divide between the characters is by design, but I just don't buy it. The only way that could be true is if Josh parted company with Sally and Aidan, but the writers of this show remain committed to trying to display a bizarre, heroic light upon the true monsters, as they seek "redemption", willfully crushing the lives of innocents that stumble into their paths.Nontheless, this show still has its merits (most notably, Josh), which is why I rate it three stars. I'm not yet certain if I'll invest my time in the third season.
Almost documentary like, you don't get the chance to care about the characters and what happens to  them. Watched one episode.
I could not stand any of these characters at all just annoying low life people that just did dumb things for no reason at all. If it wasn't because of that it would be an alright alien movie. The alien was kinda cool looking and the effects weren't too bad. The overall setting and atmospherewas that good either and just felt like a rushed movie for some reason. Not a fan but that's just me and there are way better alien movies out there. If your bored than I guess check it out.
This show seemed like something that would be right up my alley....it just falls flat in my opinion. I've already removed from my watchlist.
Season 2 featured a murder mystery based on copycat Kray twins.  I was only a little familiar with the Krays and later viewed a 1994 BBC documentary on youtube.  These episodes featured a lot of quick graphics that made the story very choppy.  Excellent acting.  The writing and direction, less so.
I didn't finish watching this episode. I barely started watching it, and it was just the second episode I was trying to watch. Something distracted me from it.
I don't know quite what I was expecting,but this first episode was ok, but not particularly entertaining. It wasn't really bad, so maybe others will like it more than I did.
The plot seems to be a train-wreak set up for a completely dysfunctional family - if the gay agenda has not been pushed enough already, after watching this pilot episode, you will be screaming uncle.
I read some of the other reviews before watching this and although they warned about the later parts of the series, I found even the beginning unclear and poorly developed.  We watched the first episode only and couldn't be bothered to follow up any further.  It simply was not entertaining and that is all we wanted it to be.
I usually love these type of shows but this one is kinda of boring but it is good if you have nothing else to watch.
The design and SOME of the story elements are really cool. I love the reconfigured relationship dynamic of Alfred and Bruce. But the main drawback are the villains. You just cannot escape Batman's rogue gallery. They are the best in all of comics. They define him. Use them. These new ones just don't compare which drags the storytelling for me. But so far they're doing an okay job. I'm waiting for greatness.
The first season was great... this one is dominated by tired, boring dialog in Russian with subtitles. The main, interesting characters are ignored as the writers go on and on about stupid, boring plots... while the original ideas for this great show get lost.Yuck. Cancel my season pass.... I'm done.
Warning: Robin Williams does frontal, but barely.  He hooks the viewer up in "The Fisher King" much, much more than here.  So don't see the film just for that reason.This film grew on me as it progressed.  I think earlier I didn't like it due to Daryl Sabara's character.  However, the actor probably made a great decision choosing this role as it moves him away from "Spy Kids"-typecasting.  That's like the Harry Potter dude doing "Equus."  Once the annoying character is no longer present, the film really gets good.This film is about "creating a monster," in Frankenstein fashion.  It also touches upon the controversies started by James Frey and his ilk.  I love the way one character acts in a Poe-esque, "Telltale Heart" fashion.Again, keep watching it and you'll enjoy it more.  I have new respect for both Williams and Goldthwait.
If you enjoy watching children being abused by an emotionally stunted ego-maniacal bitch ... then this is your show.I'm ashamed to admit I watched Dance Moms for years.  I loved seeing the children dance, so I'd fast forward the seemingly staged Mama-drama and clips of Abby shouting herself into chronic laryngitis.  Last year it slowly dawned on me that these people aren't faking.Many of the adults on this show are emotional train wrecks.  Abby really is a pretentiously self serving fowl mouthed (yeah I know she says she doesn't use bad words) bitch, who doesn't give a $***about anyone's feelings but her own.  She's also a child abuser in the WORST way.  What kind of wacked out idiot would label a child "road kill" on national TV?!  Why would ANYONE constantly reduce children to tears on national TV?!  That these kid's parents pay Abby to constantly hurt their children makes them just as bad.As an adult survivor of child abuse, I know how much damage words can cause.  That this show is allowed to continue, and these children remain fodder for abuse by Abby, wanna be dance teachers, supposedly well meaning Dance Moms, wanna be Dance Moms with wanna be children dancers ... turns my stomach.Mark my words, these kids are growing up with issues ... HUGE issues.  The fact that Child Protective Services hasn't been called in to investigate Ms Abby's disgusting behavior is disgraceful!The ultimate irony is the fact that Ms Abby was in bankruptcy when this horrid show started.  Shame on the producers, shame on Abby, shame on the parents and shame on us for allowing this horrid show to thrive.
If you love soap operas, I will not lie, THIS is for you.  What started as an admirable and cute medical drama series has devolved into the medical 90210 of recent years.  It really is a vomit-inducing show now that grasps for highs and lows with poor writing and uninteresting scenarios.  If you need a good eye-rolling workout, watch it.  If not, avoid.Some shows just get boring.  This is one of those.  They go on too long and lose that spark that they held in the beginning.  Their writers run out of decent ideas and characters to have sex with each other and believable plot twists, yet go on and on simply to keep collecting paychecks.  Like ladies of the night who have no education, they keep pumping out episodes, praying to the gods for gold.  Instead, they just muddy up our airwaves and cable boxes with diseased, hackneyed, and unwanted melodrama.  This show has become a tumor on the collective television body of entertainment.AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
This movie is different from the usual horror movie. It was a fun journey even if it isn't always successful.While watching this movie there is definitely one segment that stands out. I am almost certain it is the longest section and it is definitely the most substantial. I don't want to ruin anything so I'm not even going to say the title.This one segment is worth viewing the entire film for. It is just the right length, though it is the kind if story I wouldn't mind seeing as a feature length film.Aside from having one really great segment there are a few segments that are good and some that are alright. I am a strong believer in holding back spoilers so will try to stay away from being too specific.One complaint I have is that too many of the segments had some sort of zombie involvement. I like zombie stuff but I would have liked a little more variety in the stories.I know that I am being a brat here but, as with the first movie, I get the sense that none if these segments even pretend to have been filmed in a VHS camcorder. This is a really small complaint but the different directors don't really seem married to the that portion of the connecting plot. This results in making the connective tissue story a little bit lackluster.This time around they did get a few things right. The clips seemed to be the right length. The original had some that were just way too short.Overall this was a fun watch. They have created something that is different enough to be appreciated. I will gladly watch the next one. I watch a lot of horror movies and it is nice to see an honest attempt at something different.This was a fun horror anthology and I would love for them to make another.
I have watched other Eli Roth movies.  I actually looked a bit forward to watching this one.The movie spent more than 1/2 it's 90 some minutes giving us a good look at each of the 6 major characters.I can deal with this if the movie is worth it.  It was NOT.Spoiler****I seldom do spoilers, but here, I am trying to save you time and money.The movie allows us to care for the 6 people.  Slowly, 5 die.  I am kinda used to that one.The last girl, the smart one, gets out and to the beach.  This would have been a good ending.However, a tsunami then kills her and the movie along with it.No redeeming value, only shock and disappointment.Watch something else.
I have high hopes for this show, but so far, it's a mediocre effort. I think that Whedons shows tend to develop slowly over the first season, so I anticipate this show getting better, and it certainly has no lack of charm and witty character interaction, but overall, I have found this show to be ordinary so far. I do really enjoy the characters and see a lot of potential in this show however, and so I'll stick with it and see if the developing first season leads to a stellar second season. I feel like this show really has the potential to be something special, but that hasnt been realized as of yet.
This movie was okay...I love Isaiah Washington, I guess that's why I purchased it.  Interesting though to see how these two got together and why they did this!
I just could not get into this show.  The characters were a little bland in my opinion and the story line was moving too slowly.  If I had more time and nothing else to watch, I might have finished the first episode but otherwise, it did not hold my attention
I rented this because Mira Sorvino was in it and the last two movies we've watched with her in it were so well-acted that now I check out any new movies that she's in.  She had a small role in this movie, but she was good in the role.What I liked about this movie was how real it felt, the acting was so good that you could actually believe they were father and son and you get lost in it that way.  The little boy steals your heart. What I didn't like was how underdeveloped the other characters were, how several side stories were introduced but went nowhere and the extremely abrupt ending.I don't regret renting it and I thought it was pretty good, but also frustrating in that it felt incomplete.
Premise is good, has potential but just wasn't enough to hold my kids attention throughout. I see the screen shot and then see the animation and wonder which is more similar to what its expected to look like. Would be nice if that was clearer on each. What the creators intend for a final product to look like as that can definitely help or hurt a show.
This trailer for Stargate Universe (SGU) is a good preview for the upcoming season of this next installment in the Stargate franchise. I watched this preview before seeing the two-part first episode (see my full review there) and was pleased that it didn't give too much away, while providing just enough to get my interest.CFH
It's good but (so far) lacks what made the 1st season so great. I'll keep watching because it is still quality...but this seems to be a sophomore slump.
It was not the worse of the lot. It was slightly amusing for a short time. It was almost too predictable. The plot needs work and the Kenny G young gun conductor bugged me to no end.  This show did not make me laugh.  I would not foresee myself watching many episodes of this.  The young oboe student seemed to be the most compelling character of the bunch.  I really don't want to see a poor rendition of Sex and the City.
Low budget crime entry that is lightweight and clunky, but not without some minimal entertainment value. Very dated and poorly written however.
Not thrilled with this show. I love Scifi but was disappointed with how this show played out. I probably won't watch this program if it makes it. I lost interest quickly.
It's fun to see what the participants make with the things that they find at the flea market. The host gives them excellent input to help them make projects more likely to sell.
Lots of atmosphere, good chemistry between the two leads, and disappointing endings. That sums up the entire series of The Killing. Thanks to greed on the part of AMC, Dish Network, or both, our basic cable package doesn't include AMC, so we have to watch on Amazon. I took a chance on this after the season 2 fiasco, and was encouraged at first, but when the interminable episode 10 aired, I hadn't the energy to watch the next two. This cost me twenty bucks to watch; I don't think I will be repeating it.
I didn't like it the first time I watched the series. I changed my mind and watched the show back to back. It has its moments of stupidity, but I liked it. It just got to the point where it was too stupid to keep my attention. I had to give up on it. I liked other seasons.
Weirdly interesting
ATM follows three co-workers as they make a late-night stop at an isolated ATM; as they are leaving, they notice a strange person watching and stalking them. The concept is great, and could've kept people from using ATMs at night, but fails to effectively use it.The bulk of the film takes place in a walk-in-ATM (think: a very large phone booth) in a parking lot. A chain of unfortunate and illogical events take place that leads them there; for example, they need cash because Corey (Josh Peck) must eat at night and the place he must eat at only accepts cash. That's slightly understandable, right? Oh, but David (Brian Geraghty) has to park as far away as possible, then everyone has to get out of the car because Corey's debit card is not working and Emily (Alice Eve) doesn't want to wait in the car. Then, all of the phones are dead or misplaced. Unfortunate for this group, but very fortunate for the psycho outside. Other events like these are scattered across the movie, like a security guard with very bad hearing. Honestly, they could've rushed the man that was clearly unarmed at the beginning or split up when he disappeared for several minutes at a time. As you can see, the movie is poorly and lazily written. I did like the concept a lot, and the feeling of helplessness was evident. The acting was decent, and the music was great. It also has a very fast pace, and has a runtime of 1hr and 20min without the credits, so it's a perfect time-killer if you can get past the illogical events. The ending was also decent.Overall, ATM has an amazing and chilling concept, but it's ultimately poorly executed. It has many flaws, but can kill time if you're bored and want a couple of thrills. As of 10/13/12, this film is available on Netflix Streaming, and you should stream or rent before purchasing.ATM has strong blood and violence, no sex or nudity.
I ordered it by mistake. So I did not watch it. I don't like horror type movies. To each his own I guess.
My son watched a few of these with me, and on the first one got put off by the whole &#34;dandy&#34; approach to look, in particular the mustache.  There are many mustache conspiracy theories here and he was all over at least 5 - 6 of them.BUT, if you look past the primping, the mustache and personal oddities that Agatha put on this guy, you'll find that he's a fairly likeable type who is written to care about the people involved in his life and the victims lives.The stories....  Well, back in the day I imagine they were ground breaking, today, it's like well....  well, still entertaining at least.Some tropes are overused, people dressing up as other people, that sort of thing, still and all the scriptification of these was overall decent and enjoyable.Now on to the oddness, some of  the characters basically vanish over the course of the series, I did a bit of research and seems like that's the way Agatha had written them, disappointing because I liked the supporting cast in the early series.  (Captain Hastings, Miss Lemon (sp?))Couple that with some real oddity on streaming these things.A couple of seasons, in the middle aren't free, I think one is completely missing, and one season in the middle of 3 paid seasons was free.  No rhyme or reason that I could detect.Couple that with the prices on the ones you'd have to pay for being ridonculously expensive and, No, I haven't seen them all.Still and all, for some decent, well plotted mysteries, done in the period, with fairly likeable characters, this series is worth the time.Not nearly as nauseating as the Peter Ustinov portrayals.  He seemed to really focus on the oddities of the characters, instead of working through to the person underneath it all like this one did.
This mash up does not work. It's office meets smash. Ass in all thats wrong and not funny on Office meets all the bad things that happen on smash. I turned it off half way thru.
Odd characters, with phobias and fears, Lots of faults.  While this movie carries this to perhaps an extreme level, it helps us understand some of our own issues with dealing with other people
6 Episodes on 2 Discs, released September 14, 2010"The League" is a semi-scripted comedy created by Jackie and Jeff Schaffer about a fantasy football league. This installment shows the first six episodes and it has been renewed for 13 episodes in the second season. It follows around men and their wives obsessed with football and how it interferes with their daily lives. One example of this is in the pilot, two lawyers are negotiating a plea bargain that involves some fantasy football trades in exchange for a shorter sentence for the criminal. Wow.Even without knowing much about football (though I bet it helps quite a bit), this is a comedy that can be enjoyed just poking fun at what losers they all are. Vulgar guy humor plus one of the most popular testosterone-driven sports in existence equals a guy show. Usually I like guy shows, this isn't one of them. It's funny but actually gets pretty gross beyond my taste level which surprised me.There is situational humor with a couple trying to have a baby, a couple trying to get intimate after having a baby, the torture of wives who want you to sit at the dinner table when the game is on, the shame of your wife picking your team for you, trying to ensnare a child prophet to help you, and the challenge of trying to be on two leagues at the same time. I totally recommend this for guys who like vulgar humor and football. Everyone else can safely steer clear.Bonus Features:Since one character turned out to be a singer/songwriter/rapper, there are quite a few songs in full in the bonus features including "Birthday Song" about how a little girl was conceived, "Vaginal Hubris" about a proud vagina, and "Legalize Kevin's Pubic Smoke" encouraging legalization of a joint with Kevin's hair in it among others. Eww.There is a featurette for Andre called "Dress with Style, Win with Style" where he articulates the inspiration for his wannabe wardrobe that he gets picked on for anyway. There are a few more minor ones, but they aren't really worth discussing. You also get the pilot episode to a series called "Archer" which appears to be a cartoon James Bond-ish series with vulgar humor.
Couldn't get into it, it's not the kind of humor I like. It's a little depressing too, I think. I'll pass on this series.
so far it has not made much of an inpression on me as a sifi series hope for better soon.
This is ok to watch. It's not outstanding or gripping - like Lost used to be, for instance. If you are looking for something new to watch, it won't fail you in terms of interest level and it does keep moving. Good enough story, interesting characters. Would prefer to give 3.5 but that's not available!
Interesting. An attempt to diagnose psychosis and its origins through mayhem and impulsive violence. Intense, twisted, disturbed. But, like so much of life, only one side of the story. I'd hate to live in a universe based on these types of movies. Everything would be very serious, very grave and your life would be in danger every minute, from sources both natural and unnatural. Life on the edge. What put it there?
Why Stop Now is mostly a comedy that begins on such a promising note before eventually falling apart.  I can't help but feel the writers missed the boat and didn't know how to wrap up the film with a satisfying conclusion.When an expert piano player (played by Jesse Eisenberg) takes his mother to a drug rehabilitation center, it's discovered that his moms urine is unusually clean so... in order to be granted permission into the drug center, she has to come up with a way to get drugs into her system and taint her urine, lol.  That's pretty funny!  So, she gets Jesse involved in a drug obtaining scheme that initially involves wearing a disguise costume and pretending to be a drug addict himself looking for a quick fix, but this quickly turns into an entirely different matter as one offbeat situation after another develops, and the drug dealers discover they're being visited by Jesse for other reasons.However, because Jesse knows the Spanish language, the drug dealers drag Jesse (and his mom) to a restaurant where a secret meeting with *other* drug dealers concerning high-priced drugs takes place.  The conversation we see here between Jesse and the drug dealers (the African American and the Spanish guy sitting at the table) is the best moment of writing in the entire movie for me.  Loved this scene!  Everything seems so promising up to this point until... well, eventually the storyline fizzles out.  The strength of this storyline clearly should have been on the drug dealers because the oddball and unrealistic relationship they develop with Jesse and his mother as they travel around town is easily the high point of the storytelling, however it all goes to waste shortly after this scene.Jesse has a crush on a girl at school and through an unusual reenactment involving the Civil War, they get to know each other better with each segment.  This is honestly a pretty boring aspect of the film, and I see no reason why it should have even been included.  Also Jesse's younger sister has a puppet addiction, so much so that the teacher asks Jesse to make her stop and communicate with her classmates normally.  This is another "Why is this even part of the story?" moment.  Only when the drug dealers and the little girl have a little argument over the puppet does it reach a brief moment of being enticing.At least Jesse's mom is believable in her drug addiction role, and Jesse's emotions when dropping her off at the drug rehab center are EXCELLENT!  Really strong, forceful and believable emotions revealing the frustration he's feeling that his mom won't quit taking drugs.  She's obviously reached a point of addiction that she needs to end it as soon as possible by any means necessary.  Still, there should have been more involvement with the drug dealers, Jesse and his mom.  The moments where Jesse's playing the piano during an audition and revealing his amazing talents are pretty good, but nothing great (except the one where he's bleeding- you'll see what I mean when (if) you watch Why Stop Now).  Another memorable part comes when Jesse calls his mom's sister pretentious because of the way she acts.  Shortly after this scene Jesse plays a really good song on the piano- loved the song he was playing but don't know the name of it.I think Why Stop Now being so short is the biggest problem.  The storyline needed more time to fully develop and stretch out the comedy segments becaues as it stands, it feels severely lacking.  Not a bad film though.  Worth 80 minutes of your time.
I remember watching this.  It is off beat; a movie for your head.  If you like independent movies, you'll catch the drift maybe.Ghosts are everyday occurrences and are taken for granted by these people.  If the plot eludes you, you will probably havelots of company.
This Australian film was written and directed by Jonathan Teplitzky and starring Matthew Goode.The film begins with a shot of Goode's agonizing face trying to get an erection while a topless woman looked on.The next scene shows Goode working in a restaurant kitchen barking orders.That scene jumps to Goode driving reckless in traffic and got hit by another car in slow motion and lost a lot of blood.Then the scene jumps back to the restaurant while Goode did all kinds of unthinkable things to a cooked duck just becausea customer wanted it more well-done.Afterwards we were introduced to Goode' ex(?)-wife and child then Goode destroyed a picnic just because a rugby player bumpedinto him.  Then someone was in the hospital(dying?) and tears were shed.I must admit that there were so many jump cuts from the 1st 30 mins that I could have missed mentioning some scenes and notremembered them in correct orders.What bothered me was not watching a man with all sorts of offensive behavior.  There were a lot in the movies.It was the annoying non-linear filming style of Jonathan Teplitzy that offended me.My question for Mr. Teplitzy is why can't he tell his story in straightforward format or not so recklessly non-linear?Filmmakers must understand that they are making films for the people who watch their films.Films are unlike novels which the creator can take some liberty in the narrative.Using non-linear filming style must have its justifications.The manner and style that Mr. Teplitzy used for this film are pretentious and maddening to say the least,and with that annoying piano soundtrack added to the fury.I could only endure 30 mins of this film and watched another DVD instead.I do not set high standards for watching movies and seldom do not watch them till the end.
It's got it good moments and b-movie moments. But overall, the movie is gory, and has some original stuff in it. It's definitely not a bad movie, but I don't like gore, so it doesn't suit me.
Granted I'm not a geek, but I do appreciate them and enjoy watching shows about them. I think Beta lacks a strong main character and the others are not that exciting. The matchmaking theme seems a little underwhelming for true genius geeks.
A somewhat interesting companion piece to Lake Bell's fabulous In A World, b ut as documentaries go, not very well done.
I love Steven King's books, but they just don't translate to TV. Especially network TV. They just can't seem to get the writers or directors that can do the story justice in there little box of time they force it into. This story drags on forever. I got so bored that I jumped to the last episode and the damned thing didn't end. They're going to make another season of this! One once I'm hoping Fox will cancell this show before they make anymore episodes.
Seeing as SpongeBob SquarePants has still remained so overwhelmingly popular after all of these years, I know I may receive a few negative votes from customers for my negative critique. But, before you press that unhelpful voting button (which, please, don't do until you have read my entire review) I just want to let you know that I am not criticizing the whole series. At the beginning of its lengthy run, it was so phenomenally hysterical and witty that episodes were bound to generate at least a few chuckles from you, and the very best ones would leave you wishing that you had thought of some of the jokes featured in the episodes. Sadly, that spectacular quality has declined.In more recent years, the program has underwent a deterioration in quality (I sincerely apologize to the makers of SpongeBob SquarePants). The negative qualities of a majority of the main characters have been enhanced (stupidity, greed) as pointed out by many other people, and the episodes and specials have a "rushed" feel to them. They defy the boundaries and limits set by the older seasons (which, albeit they may not bother many other people, enhanced the comedy of the program and became traditional jokes for the series) and the humor has grown more grotesque and stupid. The characters are all now more annoying in an attempt to make them appear funny, and I know lots of people have noticed the same changes and also can agree that the cartoon has lost a lot of its heart. If you want to watch SpongeBob SquarePants episodes, watch the earliest seasons if you want to be truly entertained. I genuinely apologize to anyone who may have been offended, but it's just the way I feel. I'm very sorry and hope I did not insult anyone.
Pilot started out as just another run of the mill, cliched half-hour comedy, but by the end showed lots of potential as a satisfying, uncensored romp.  Will have to wait and see.  Could easily go either way.
This show has always had a nice premise.But, the constant attempts to be witty, funny and dramatic regularly (constantly?) get in the way of good television and keep the show from being really interesting.
My 18 month old grand daughter loves it!  I guess she understands what Blue says when she 'speaks', I sure 'whoof, whoof' don't!!  I just love that she loves it!
The show should be called "Southern Exposure" - It's pretty much the same concept as "Northern exposure", except here it's a NY female doctor in Alabama, instead of a NY male doctor in Alaska. Again - it's the "fish out of water" story line, and how the local ways "grow" on the urban doctor, who learns to appreciate them.It's kind of a "fluffy" show, but sweet, romantic and FUN, with great music as well.
NO SPOILERS:Had no intention of offering up a review and recently cleared some stored episodes from my DVR (despite having 800-hours of capacity).  Then I saw the large number of 5* reviews and the doubt crept in!  Could I have missed something here?  Do I need the rest of the year off from submitting reviews?  Did I, during the few episodes that I watched, focus too much attention on scenes where RR was changing in front of her partner and as a result missed the multi-layered plot complexity?  NOT!The dialog seems forced, the plots are not overly interesting and the only thing to keep me vested is the hope that Maxwell, after a particularly vexing case, shows up @ King's with a bottle of Cloudy Bay, a meatball pizza and massage oil, asking if he would like to practice "jousting"!Metacritic's gave the show a rating of 56, which may be a tad generous.  There is nothing offensive about King & Maxwell, so if you are suffering from insomnia and C-Span is not in the midst of an open debate on naming the State bird of Delaware, go for it!
Really did not care for the show. The character was robotic and lacks emotions. Hope this show does not make it over the other shows.
If I could I would have given it zero stars. It was painful to watch - I saw no clever dialogue.
Full Disclosure:  I didn't even make it halfway through the first episode.  I'm a fan of Bo Burnham, but the character of Zach as outlined in the first few minutes of the first episode is so conceited, so clueless, so pompous and self serving that I couldn't stomach him, and cannot see why anyone else in the series gives him the time of day.  EX:  In the first episode, a friend of the family dies and  Zach decides the funeral will be perfect for showcasing himself on his &#34;reality&#34; show.  Yuck.  Again, I'm a fan of Mr. Burnham's stand up, but I hope he finds something to do that I can sit thorough.
I was really enjoying this show, no Tom Colicchio, no Padma (gag), with a new cute host and some worldclass chefs jumping through all sorts of hoops to advance.And I was really digging this show right up until I caught this disclaimer in the end credits: "Winningand elimination decisions were made by the Judges in consultation with producers. Some elimination decisionswere discussed with Bravo."WTF!!! "in consultation with producers?" How bogus. Screw these guys, I ain't watching this crap anymore.What a waste of a real opportunity here... great chefs like Hubert Keller and Rick Bayless shouldn't have torely on ratings to get passed up the chain, their food should stand on its own.
&#34;If you can make it through the first year of marriage you can make it through anything.&#34; Nat (Byrne) and Josh (Spall) have known each other for 7 months when they decide to get married. What starts off happy and exciting quickly turns into something neither of them are sure it will last. When Josh's ex comes back into the picture and Nat's client arrives their relationship is tested to the breaking point with neither Nat or Josh wanting to give up. Judging by the preview I was expecting a laugh out loud comedy and I was looking forward to this. Stephen Merchant and Minnie Driver are really the best and funniest parts of this movie. Their dialog and timing are great. As for the main characters and main story line I found myself more disgusted then I found myself laughing. Nat and Josh really aren't likable and as far as Guy went I really hated him. This movie is nothing more then two married people bordering on cheating on each other with people who are willing even though all parties involved know the situation. If you have seen the movie Closer then you have seen a better version of this. There were funny parts in this but really the movie just made me more upset then anything. Overall, Stephen Merchant and Minnie Driver are great, the rest of the movie not so much. I give it a C+.
I like psychological thrillers and from time to time it intrigues me, but it gets very macabre and over the top gross.
I think this show is OK. But I felt like it lacked the strong humor and cast of a show like 'It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia'. I also thought the main characters looked too much alike, which created an odd contrast from the diversity of the children in the school. While I found the show amusing, it's nothing special, I wouldn't go out of my way to watch an episode. I got the sense the writers were trying way too hard to be funny here.
I like this show, not necessarily 20 words worth, I do hope they get rid of that kid when it comes back but likely not.
I liked the show because of the respect that the kids showed in helping their elders but some blanks needs to be filled in. When the young man gave her that ring it's true that she never promise herself to him but if you're going to show him in that light (a lier) it should have happen way before she saw him again in the club. Othewise she had no reason to say that he had cursed her life. He has no reason to be haunting her. Good luck.
For me it was a very slow movie and I was specting to see a action movie but it turns to be slow, for me it was not good.
So far, only the two minute preview was available and it was not enough information for me to make a decision. It did not keep my interest.
We've done this to death and we're tired of &#34;what can it all mean?&#34; shows. Unless you say &#34;there will be x number of episodes and the story goes from A to B to C in that time,&#34; then you are just screwing with the audience and making things up as you go. Then you figure out that your series is ending (&#34;Oh, we've got to wrap this up&#34;) at some random point and just insert whatever plot points you need to tidy things up.ENOUGH WITH THE RANDOM MYSTERY GARBAGE!!
hate this show... so boring... same thing over and over and over... so scripted... so predictable...no issues with playno issues with purchaseno issues at all!
No doubt somebody somewhere finds it funny to watch adolescents disguised as adults cuss and whine about... well, sex, mostly. I'm not one of them. The actors are my age. Most people my age don't find this stuff amusing. Well, not the ones I hang out with, anyway. Certainly not the ones who are concerned with matters that ought to be of concern to elected representatives.
The show is okay. The plot has a serious theme that belies its comedy label, and gives it a more realistic feel as a result: I'd call it a com-dram. Nevertheless it does not appeal to me  --  I did not follow all the cyber-lingo during the first part of the show, I'm not that into social media, I don't live on or by or for my cell, and I don't expect the next great app to fix my life. This is a show for people who ARE into that stuff.
An adult claymated show is a good idea and this was a good shot, and an entertaining view, but I would not watch this as a series.  Two goofballs in space?  I'd prefer Lister and Rimmer on Red Dwarf which you can see on Amazon Prime (although I wish they would get series X on Prime soon).  Not as brilliant as Futurama, either.  If I were voting to green light show, I would be on the fence and lean toward not making this a series.
Warning! Even the slightest bit of sleepiness will be greatly exaggerated while watching this show. It doesn't just drag, it crawls. Uphill.
This is a feable attempt at a play on words with the title.  It says that it is a sneak peak before it goes to the movies but it is never going to make it to the movies.  I do not recommend this movie unless you are a cheese ball.
Show was good until you cut Cutter and Steve, the two most real in the show.  Helen you turned into a criminal fanatic who kills her own husband,/ From professor to killer is a giant leap and not believable.  Plus you lost the romantic potential between Cutter and his female boss.  It looks like you lost yourway and the complexity of the other relationships between Steve, Cutter and Hellen and other member of the team has suffered.  Now there is no continuity.Time to stop watching.
This series follows the tradition of off-setting the less appealing consequences of the modernization of rural towns and villages with copious drafts of traditional &#34;wisdom&#34; and &#34;old-fashioned common sense.&#34; And there is no villager more &#34;saintly&#34; in imparting both the latter than the yeoman played by Brendan Coyle. Unfortunately the tensions created by modernity are all too familiar to most viewers hence the series struggles to maintain sufficient tension for us to care about the outcomes.
Based on a real-life case involving a New York real estate family, ALL GOOD THINGS centers on the life of David Marks (Ryan Gosling), who has been permanently psychologically scarred by the sight of the death of his mother at seven years old.  He meets and marries beautiful blonde Katie McCarthy (Kirsten Dunst), and the two of them settle down to a life running a health food store in Vermont.  Soon Digby is recalled by his dominant father (Frank Langella) into the family 'business,' which involves a multitude of shady deals.  David returns to New York, and his true nature emerges.  Told over a period of thirty years, ALL GOOD THINGS boasts a strong central performance from Gosling as David, with good support from the other two principals.  Yet its narrative is sluggish, to say the least; there are too many dissolves from one sequence to another, accompanied by the kind of idyllic music and photography that looks and sounds good but holds up the development of the plot.  The d&eacute;cor is stunning; but the story has a rather insubstantial feel about it.
What a waste of talent. There's lots of acting skill in the cast but they haven't been given a script worthy of their abilities. Drawn out underlit scenes of Bosch smoking obviously fill in for the times when the writers had nothing else to say. Just another police show about a cop with a questionable past. Yawn. Internal Affairs hates him? Wow, never saw that before. Tough as nails lieutenant? Central casting. Two stars for the actors but please find an original script and concept.
Starts off as little formulaic. Sullied cop/agent who has no life but work and Devil-may-care attitude.Solving crimes like no one else. How is this different from 15 other shows like this?
Something was missing with this one. It just seemed less fun. There was alot of off island action where 3 of the main characters were searching for the mcguffin, in this case Crowley's Father's ashes, and while it was a nice change of scenery, the movie also got away from the action and slowed immensely. I also found the character of Amanda to be annoying, she seemed like the Scrappy Doo of the movie. That being said, the kills were inventive and fun as usually. And there were some funny moments. Basically newcomers to the series, should stay away and just watch the first two films instead. But, if your a fan, give it watch, it ain't all bad. And I'll happily watch # 4, if they make one
There is nothing good about this show!!! It's offensive, dumb, not funny and unwatchable!!! I would never watch this if you ordered it!!!!
I'm normal don't like musicals, this one was ok, nothing special. Nothing new. Seemed very typical with the nerd, smart girl, druggie, activist, and overpowering boss. I don't this the musical numbers added to the show and could have been written without them. I laughed a couple of times, but far and few inbetween. I would not watch this show consistantly.
I've been looking for a good standup comedian that knows how to deliver real laughs without making me cringe or change the channel for fear that someone (my grand kids) would see me laugh at crude humor.
It is obvious that it was written by someone from New York or LA.  Someone VERY &#34;city centric&#34; who imagines that every town, in America, has this line around it where the &#34;town&#34; abruptly ceases.Also, the writer was probably someone very liberal, who realy has no idea how the US military works.  The military would not stand idaly by and watch all of this happen.  It also would not &#34;fracture&#34; and start following different leaders.  That has long been a pipe dream of the liberal left.  The military has a well established chain of command with rendundancy built in.  It does not just go to pieces.Another point, I see no one with a CB or Ham radio.  Personally, I know lots of folks who would be in direct communication with people all over the nation.  You may argue &#34;EMP&#34; but ground burst EMP would be localized and temporary.  Ham/CB chatter would be quite active.Over all, the show is worth watching, it is not quite as stupid as many TV shows coming out of Hollywood in recent years.  This is probably why it was cancelled so quickly.  I also like that its &#34;seasons&#34; seemed to consist of more than 4 episodes.  Something which has really begun to get my goat is how new &#34;TV shows&#34; come out and have less episodes than what we used to call a &#34;miniseries.&#34;  This show does keep you interested and has good characters.  I suppose my problems are techincal.  I just would like to see a show with some realism, is that asking too much?
I wanted to &#34;love&#34; this b/c I love Destination Truth and Josh but I just don't. I don't think the persons chosen for this show investigate all that well. For example, there was an episode where the group went to a huge hotel that sat on 20 acres and I didn't feel like they investigated a acre. Nor, do I think any of them use the equipment that they are provided properly or frequently enough. I watch this because I watch all paranormal shows, but this isn't one of my favorites.
But, the overall story seemed a bit predictable.  I really like the Kristen Bell, and she handles the role well, but, overall, it was just okay for me.
Basics - Bones, forensic investigator; Booth, FBI Agent, most everyone works at a place called the Jeffersonian institute, plan on murder(s), solving same and a decent amount of well played humor.On to the season review.First, I love the actors, or the portions of actors you see as people in the show.On the other hand the roles that they play can annoy the hell out of me.This season, there's turmoil as Bones and Co. wade through Pelant (Genius serial killer), held up marriage, misunderstandings.The character of Angie's jump to judgment just didn't ring true to me, and left a jarring &#34;WTF&#34; in my mind through several episodes.Pelant, the big baddie...  Boring, unbelievable (seriously inscribing fractal patterns on the ends of bones that somehow get read into a computer and cause a heat sensor in the server to blow?  To me, that jumped the shark in serious fashion.).  and to quote the character &#34;I'm wherever I need to be....&#34; (Well, something like that), he's able to have snuck in anywhere, hack anything, hook into pretty much any network that's out there, including and not limited to a kitchen alarm clock.Then there's the whole Geek sideshow mentality of the series, it's always been a part of the show and I've learned to live with it,  gross kills, jokes over decaying dead bodies.... but scenes of close ups of peeling faces off of skulls...  Nope, didn't really sign up for that either.And the penultimate one for this season, Higgins, Hodgens?  Angie's serf decides to grow an insect larva of some sort under his skin?!?  Oh yeah, that's quite appetizing.Almost stopped my subscription after that one.BUT, the plots haven't wholly sucked, the  acting isn't significantly worse than previous seasons (a lot of the characterizations are quite good and interactions entertaining).And they seem to be in process of righting the ship.  So, for now sticking with it.For me, it's reviewability of the thing, I'm un-cabled, and Bones has been one of my go-to's for watching re-runs on past seasons.This one, I've had no inclination whatsoever to go back and watch again.  Enjoyable, but enough dross in the mix to make it a one watch type event for me.
Mark Pellington's Sundance disaster, titled 'I Melt With You', is one of the strangest, incredibly maddening and tonally challenged films that I have seen all year. There are pros and cons - more of the latter than the former - and it is easy to see why so many critics have slashed it to bits. With that being said, it is certainly not as bad as everyone thinks it is, but it could have been a whole hell of a lot better.The film focuses on the yearly reunion of four friends who went to college together in the eighties. Every one of these individuals somehow failed to live the dream, and as a result, they have taken questionable paths in life. Over the course of a drug-filled week, the men reminisce on the past, proceed to wax philosophical on the present, listen to the music of their youth, party with girls, drink obscene amounts of hard liquor, snort mountains of coke, and pop every pill known to mankind. Between this foursome, moments of sobriety are extremely rare - the main characters remain intoxicated for at least two thirds of the running time.The 'Big Chill' meets 'Scarface' vibe comes to a screeching halt when one of the men, racked with guilt over the death of his lover, commits suicide - a tragic occurrence which is partially linked to a pact the four men made twenty five years ago, which all of them, save for one, managed to forget. You read that correctly. Twenty five years prior to this particular reunion, these boys made a binding promise to one another - a contract, signed in blood. When the film reveals exactly what the promise entails, it is a shocking discovery.This begins a downward spiral that neither one of them can escape. It is here that the tone of the film changes for the worse, and as a result, becomes more than a bit preposterous. The cast includes Thomas Jane, Jeremy Piven, Rob Lowe, and Christian McKay. The performances are hit (Christian McKay) and miss (just about everyone else, especially Thomas Jane).The first half of the film is pretty decent, and I was disappointed to see it devolve so quickly. What could have been an extremely provocative study of broken dreams and arrested development becomes a hopelessly melodramatic pile of drivel.Rated R, 122 minutes, directed by Mark Pellington, released by Magnolia Pictures. Available on Blu-ray and DVD on February 28th from Magnolia Home Entertainment.
I just do not like the main character.The only person who seems to like him, is his Mother.His ex-girlfriend hates him, his brother is furious with him, his father is dissapointed with him.Nobody (actors, seem to have a clear line on who they're supposed to be).So far, after 7 episodes,for the first Season, I don't know who, or what anyone is either.Is the owner of the general store, just a stone beetch? Is the IRS auditor just a stone beetch?There is so much good TV. I do not have time to try to figure out what the writers of this show were trying to get across. In my opinion, they had a dart board in their office, and threw darts at it, to see which ones stayed.I'm definately, not willing to watch 18 or so hours of this floundering program.
This writing was too formulaic as was the apprehension of the suspect in a cop killing.  Not quite believable, the premise that the suspect "lived in the neighborhood" and had a record was never convincingly made.  The family's interactions were tiresome even by the kid's standards who knew the request to eat in the other room away from the adult dining table was coming as family conflict grew.  Young Reagan's partner is far too gorgeous and, we learn in the end, rich.  Blonde, a Porsche, how could any "Blue Blood" resist?  Expect a romance in the offing.This was disappointing as a comeback show:  stilted and predictable, a more complex and character-stretching script would have been appreciated.
I had high hopes for a series with Kevin Bacon, and his acting really is fine in this series. However, I avoid programs with plots about sick, perverted people doing disgusting, unnatural things to other people (very often women) -- shoes such as Criminal Minds and The Fall, do this too. My nightmares are fed adequately with my own imagination; I don't need someone else's perspective to muddy up the id.
I usually wait a while to watch a new series until I know whether it's been renewed or cancelled.  This was cancelled yesterday, May 9th (along with my favorite sitcom Community).  I watched quite a few episodes, and it's bad.  Even by JJ Abrams standards, though it's not as bad as Revolution.The plot is as follows:  The girl (Bo) has psychic abilities off the charts and she was 'rescued' from a government project that may have been trying to develop her as a weapon.  Bo's "rescuers" reunite her with her dad, who was on death row.  The reason he was on death row was completely resolved half a dozen episodes later.  The evil director of the facility that was studying Bo wants her back and they enlist the FBI-- the sole presence of which is a youngish brunette in a pony tail.  That's the back story.In nearly every episode:1.  Their safe house gets compromised and they have to flee2.  Bo gets a vision about a normal person who needs help.  She tugs and tugs on her father's arm until he gives in.. reluctantly.3.  The 'bad guys' enlist a psychic to find her or turn on a psychic machine that reads psychic emissions (wtf?)4.  Bo and her dad hug the people they save5.  The bad guys are shown to have another ace up their sleeveThey state at the onset that Bo needs a normal childhood because she is so powerful she could bring peace to the world.  However, nobody shows a trace of growth.  Every person's personality is completely fixed and no experience changes anyone, even slightly.JJ Abrams isn't even trying anymore.  He comes up with a plot (this time shamelessly ripped off from Touch), and cranks out a dozen poorly thought out episodes before being handed another series (and the reins to both Star Trek and Star Wars).  When I see JJ Abrams name on a series, I know I'm getting a polished turd.  I feel like I spent more time on my review than JJ Abrams did with the series.And from certain angles, that girl is a dead ringer for a skinny Honey Boo Boo.
Faring better here than he did with his last lackluster effort (Doomsday), director Neil Marshall's Centurion details the story of Roman soldier Quintus Dias (rising star Michael Fassbender), who after becoming the sole survivor of a Pictish raid, finds himself among the Ninth Legion led by a heroic general (The Wire's Dominic West) to take the fight directly to the Pict.  Things end up not going so well, as soon enough Quintus and a handful of others are hunted down by the fierce, animalistic warriors.  While Centurion offers up ample amounts of bloody violence, warrior philosophy, and gorgeous cinematography; the film as a whole doesn't offer anything we haven't seen before in any other media of this type, whether it be 300 (which Fassbender and West both oddly enough starred in), HBO's Rome, or even the Spartacus series on Starz, minus the slow-motion/quick-edit fight scenes that is, which we should all be thankful for here.  Still though, the cast is great, with Quantum of Solace beauty Olga Kurylenko being a stand-out as a mute, vengeance-driven Pict femme fatale.  All in all, Centurion isn't bad one bit, and is a nice return to form for Neil Marshall, who brought us modern-day genre classics like Dog Soldiers and The Descent, and if nothing else, hopefully Centurion is the starting point in the right direction for the director to go.
Watched this movie within the last week, then amazon sent a e-quest for a review. to be truthful, I had to watch the trailer to refresh my memory of the movie! Story of a women who eventually disappears after marrying a mob boss's  son. Like the header states, not bad for a time killer.
I love/hate this show.  It's one of the best of the ID detective shows in that they don't use actors or recreations, the cameras are there following all the action.  That's very cool.  But it seems like half or more of the episodes are based on stories that weren't ready for prime-time.  Like they didn't wait long enough for things to be resolved and just built up a big drama only to leave the viewer hanging in the middle with maddeningly little follow-up, if any.  The episode "Cast of Thousands" is a prime example.  It's all builds up to ... nothing, and then ends abruptly.  They might say that's how things are in the real world and they're just reflecting the hard reality of it.  I think that's a lame excuse for not being more selective about what they air.  I don't think many people want to just be left hanging over and over again like this.  This was made in 2009, now it's 2013, can't there be better follow-ups at the end of the shows at this point?  In one episode they actually built up a strong seeming case against somebody, and then the show ended with the statement that the case was dismissed.  Not one word was said about why it was dismissed.  That was so lame.  A lot of the story is just ... missing.  This drives the viewers crazy.  Are the writers listening?
London Hospital Season 1 [HD] -After watching Selfridges and Call the Midwives, I had high expectations for this series, but after 2 episodes I couldn't become attached to it. To be fair, I should give it another chance, but I'll give it some time between so I can start over with a fresh view. Take a look for yourself. I'd be interested to know what you think. You might change my mind.
We'll see how it goes.  The characters could develop into something interesting.  I like Malcolm McDowell, so we'll see how they use him. Could make it or break it for me.
Slow... how slow? I had trouble staying awake. But DO STAY AWAKE -- once the introductions are out of the way -- and that takes a bit of time -- the movie is charming. The three-way relationship between Jenna Fischer, Chris Messina, and Messina's Mechanical Man (a new twist on a love triangle, no? Well, no, not really a love triangle but... well you'll see) is nicely developed and has a good story to tell.3 stars instead of 4 or more because the start was soooo slow. Enjoyed it nonetheless.
This was a nice idea for a short film. Its a strange parody of a horror film complete with breaking the fourth wall. Its really about breaking the rules of story and film in general. A tire comes to life out in the desert, comes to town and kills a bunch of people. The acting is generally good. The "bits" as written are well done. But the whole thing is way, way padded out. The idea just doesn't have enough in it to carry the whole film alone. And the filler between the good bits gets real boring fast.They either needed to cut it down to 20 minutes or add something major to the story. The laughs just don't come fast enough and the good bits they do are quite obviously spread far apart. Some people will like it in its current length. Its arty and cute at 80 minutes. But those outside the European art house crowd are going to notice how the story drags really quick. And putting space between absurdist gags tends to undermine them.Quentin Dupieux displays considerable talent in doing short films. He previous did the French film "steak" which was similarly absurdist. But he needs to get beyond writing a series of bits and gags. He needs to learn how to pace out a full length film and how to put together a long form story. Or else he should stick to shorter films.Its not perfect. But its creative, well crafted with good writing and good acting. In spite of its flaws, its absolutely worth seeing. Though best viewed with the fast forward button ready to go at all times.
Not bad, but not wonderful. Story is like many movies I have watched of techies that are trying to make it big. Not realistic. It does have some very funny scenes. I recommend it for younger folks who can laugh at the silliness.
I thought this was a series and didn't realize it was a reality show.  For some this might be entertainment but not for me.
Even though I don't particularly like this show, I seem to be just as captivated as a large number of others (according to the reviews) when it comes to finding out how and where this "dome" came from. I'm convinced the main story line is more about morality and crowd mentality that anything else, the intersection of perhaps good and evil concepts in our daily lives, and how people respond to and are influenced by the people around them. I'm not really enjoying the program, but once you spend time getting to know the characters, of course you want to know what happens next. The latest episode was a bit dreary and didn't hold together as well as some of the earlier episodes, but perhaps this just can't keep going much longer. There isn't enough plot left for me to really care, so I may wait until a grand finale comes along before I watch it again. Not the best sic-fi in my estimation, but the premise is interesting and the actors are all strong, they stay within their characters. Some of the younger characters seem a bit too gullible and not asking enough questions about why people in general are not helping solve the puzzle of where the dome came from and why it is there, which leaves out 98% of the residents of the town, which means you see a great deal of the main characters, some group gatherings, a few peripheral others, and have no idea what the majority of people are doing to deal with the unpleasant consequences of being confined within this impossible dome surrounding miles of the town. I'm not entirely sure how large the town is, or how much territory the dome surrounds. Maybe that is part of the whole point of the series: what does it mean, who are the residents, and what if anything are the people doing to get rid of the dome?
While not as much fun as the other seasons, it is still worth a watch. The kid honestly needs to go away from the show, him being proped up by family money, close contact with a real miner, and the show make it a little un-realistic. He acts like your typical 19 year old brat. (from what the blogs say he is even worse off camera, the show edits out some of the truly big tantrums.)As for the Hoffmans, they tried something new. There south America trip was abysmal so far. A new climate none of them where prepared to deal with. The heavy equipment they brought, actually is not an asset in the jungle mud. They brought a ton of very heavy gold mining equipment great for alaska, but in the jungles of South America, it is just too heavy to function, they constantly get stuck in the mud, literally.Dokota boys. Well they work hard, and do the best with the land they have. I am convinced of all the miners FRED is the most experienced, and if he had a bigger claim he would be the most successful. His experience, and ability shows season after season. Sure his son always tries to do things different, but after 4 seasons FRED has never been wrong.
This wasn't my kind of movie at all.  I ended up turning it off before I was one third through.
This was not too bad for an indie horror film. There is an interesting twist in the end and surprisingly decent acting from the young actors.
Started of good and seems to be getting better. I haven't watched enough of them to make a final star rating decision, and so I give it a 3 for now.
I love the cast and political comedy.  I thought this would be a big hit with me, but I put it on and somewhere around 15 minutes in, I fell asleep.  Thinking maybe I was just tired, I tried again the next day and realized, I wasn't tired, I was bored.  In a world with Jon Stewart and Steven Colbert, political comedy is right on target.  Your cast was phenomenal.  Maybe it was the writing?  Please, if you produce more, make the plot tighter, the laughs bigger and more salient and the videography a little smoother.
All wrong for me not one thing I can say that I liked sorry. for those that did that is awesome I hope they make it so you can watch, just not for me.
It actually wasn't that bad. True it was predictable and obvious and the ending was expected, but still... I give them props. The acting was good for the material given, I was engaged in the characters and the dialog was humorous in some areas.  So yeah, over all, I found it entertaining.
Just ok. Eric Bana's politeness and dry humor while also threatening other characters lives was interesting to watch. Heads you watch, tails you skip.
Enjoying this season but was off to a slow start.  Was definitely not as intense or exciting as season 1. It did pick up as the season went on.  Such an interesting concept & probably did happen!  Enjoy!!
I had to hunt for someone to care about in this series.  I like period pieces but if this is what people were like at that time, thank goodness I didn't have to live through it.  What a bunch of self centered dolts.
I really wanted this to be a 5 star series but its not. I like both the main actors and had high expectations but have been disappointed at the &#34;tough cowboy&#34; &#34;though mob guy&#34; wooden acting. The set for outside the casino is so bad, even today the Fremont street area is not that shiny!If you want to watch a really good series about Vegas in the 60's watch Crime Story&#8230;..better acting, better sets, better cars & way better music. The series starts in Chicago but moves to Las Vegas after the first 2 seasons.
I encourage the creators (Matt Shumway and Company)  to continue creating Sci-Fi movies. This Sci-Fi movie had a lot of potential and for an independent film; "excellent" set design and good use special effects!However, the "acting" delivery of the lines could of been better. It sounded like they were speaking from the script. As an professional actress (who has worked for independent film makers in the San Fran / Bay Area); I can tell by their line delivery.I think there needs to be more rehearsal time and work allowing actors to "be in the moment". The quality of the acting could of been a whole lot better. A lot of film makers/ directors totally do not get that.The story writing was "ok" but not sure if the intention was to "cheese out" towards the end. Also the VIP prisoner "fight scenes" did not make sense. If she was that dangerous, she would kill, not think, and move toward her next agenda. So those fight scenes felt empty.The story also seemed rushed. Nothing more captivating than, allowing the audience "to be in the moment" considering the films set design supported it.Sci-Fi if done well is one of the most difficult and rewarding art forms an film artist can accomplish. Like Horror; it is also one of the most difficult genres to be successful in.Sci-Fi is one of the most highly desired genres that people seek to watch and if you have the set design then take advantage of the "environment" that you have created. Sci-Fi is about tomorrow and the unknown. Its not about being scary; it about humanity and non-humanity in the future.This movie didn't give us any of that. It was a rushed story with no background for us to hold on too.If you look at "high budget" TV shows like Stargate SG-1. You will notice that this movie (Enigma) had a great "Sci-Fi set design" to work with (similar to big budget Sci-Fi TV shows) and a decent baseline story to work with.Low-budget does NOT = rushing the storyline or trying to finish the film in one day.For the next film you guys make: Please allow actors to fully understand the scene and the environment in which they are working in and also....please put more energy into the "story" itself.Lots of promise for you guys to hit it big on the SyFy network one day!!
Originally the second season was supposed to be as long as the first (22 episodes), but thanks to the writers' strike we only got 15 episodes in the can. It shows as the series kind of ends abruptly.Some of the storylines are a bit forced. The whole Landry-Tyra relationship is fine but the circumstances are very very dramatic (I won't give anything away) and yet I found huge flaws in the storyline, especially with Landry's father being a cop.Lyla getting religion doesn't work for me at all and Tami's post-partum antics grate a lot.I felt the series veered too far away from football really in season two.Even the storyline of another school's football team, displaced by a tornado, having to share Dillon High School's facilities was very weak.The extras are typical deleted scenes and some commentary tracks on some episodes but the panel discussion at some TV festival with much of the cast is pretty good. Taylor Kitsch (who plays Tim Riggins) is classic with his answers. It is fun to get to know a bit about the real people behind the acting.
if your farm was being over run by zombies- wouldn't you just use the dozer to dig a mote around it?better yet... wouldn't you just go to the city center and dig a huge hole- put a few cows in it and wait for all the zombies to fall into it- then just light it up? or- wouldn't you make way to the coast- jump on a 35' yacht and head to an indo-pacific island that's untouched by the virus? or just live  on a 50' yacht in the water where you'd never have to worry about a zombie sneaking up on you?the writers skip over the most sensible and logical ways to regain control of a zombie infested world.very weak story line- poor character development- silly premise after silly premise... just one big FAIL.
Terrible. If you like bad jokes and bad language then you will like it. But I didn't like it at all.
This show is okay. I like John Goodman but it seems to me that the material could get old fast
I've tried several Amazon series, and each one has too much swearing.  Right off the bat, this one has swearing.. literally in the first sentence!  That is such a turn off!  Every sentence after that is much the same.  I finally couldn't take it anymore.  I'm completely done with Amazon series.  Disappointed.
This is fine background television.  The acting is abit amateurish and hokey at points; however some of the plot-lines and the historical and pseudo-historical background behind the stories/creatures/plots make these episodes lightly engaging.  It's entertaining but not something you would recommend as worth an evening of sit-down tv.  The literal plot-lines drive the show.  What would make this more memorable would be some inter-connectedness among the &#34;abnormals&#34; and what is abnormal in all of us.  This would be the perfect leaping point for some philosophical reflections about &#34;abnormality&#34; and an examination of social, cultural, political, and educational systems and an exploration of how they rely on artifical boundaries/barriers.  The show would do well, then, to reveal and demonstrate how these barriers can be exploited and undermined.  The show could be much more profound with some shoring up of plot, dialogue and subplot.
So this is another show that was canceled before it's time.  I have not watched all of the 1st and only season yet but I'm enjoying it.  I do love cop shows.  My all time favorite is probably Southland.  So the grittier the better.
This had to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I love Rutger Hauer, but even his talent is wasted in this totally stupid obnoxious gore fest. I love grindhouse cinema and I love really crazy twisted films, but this one simply left a bad taste in my mouth. I have totally hated every comical and silly troma film I have ever seen, and this film is very much like troma movies. Yet there were some interesting ideas in this film that I sometimes did like. But it got so rediculous and hokey that I simply couldn't take it anymore. The movie is just a totally wierd ride that felt sci-fi. Sort of like Mad Max meets Japanese extreme novies. I don't agree with other who thought it was better than Planet Terror. That movie just seemed to have this classic grindhouse feel to it, while this one just felt cheap and totally silly. I gave this two stars simply because Rutger Hauer deserves some respect for having the balls to even dare to be in this sorry mess of a film.
Who is giving this five stars? Do you really want Amazon to think this is what passes as a hit. I am a die hard American Horror Story, Walking Dead, Revolution, Falling Skies, 28 Days later kind of guy. This is weak. The characters are so cliche they may be totally new again. They are going to have to amp this turd up or flush it.
For anyone unfamiliar with the service industry, it goes like this:- Bars: very hard, with theft and service issues and inevitable licensing problems with DUIs, etc.- Restaurants: almost impossible, with all of the bar problems and added food quality and profitability challenges.- Hotels: insanely and stupidly unworkable, since they combine the previous two but with a 24/7 attention to minutiae and even worse returns.This show attempts to translate Kitchen Nightmares into hotels but doesn't really work. They redecorate a single room, focus too much on the catering angle and try to boil down the Sinking Owner of The Week into two or three major issues. It doesn't come across as very genuine at all and looks way more over-produced than the restaurant reality shows. It's also pretty dull by comparison.
I really enjoyed the Onion News Network and was disappointed when IFC cancelled it.  Was hoping for something like that here as a second chance.  Or even Sports Dome.  Wasn't expecting it to be a serial comedy instead of a parody.  Maybe the creators wanted to go a different direction because they were tired of being cancelled.I won't knock it for that.  But it was too frenetic and disjointed for my taste.It came off more as MAD magazine than anything else.  There's nothing wrong with that.  I was just hoping for more satire and less wackiness.A lot of great talent well played.  A lot of funny lines.  But I was gritting my teeth more than laughing.If this were up against fewer shows that were better, I'd like this to have a shot.  But I would rather other shows like Alpha House, Betas, or Those Who Can't get the shot over this one if it comes to that.
I can see the pool.  Really enjoyed seasons 1 & 2, but its startingto come off the rails.  Not to mention that the vulgarity has gottenout of hand and I can no longer watch the show when my childrenare in the house.
I grew up watching Dexter's Laboratory, and the geniuses on this show are no Dexter and Mandark. The girl on this show is no Dee Dee. When I watched Dexter's Laboratory, there were a lot of funny scenes from episodes. Plus, it was brought back for more entertainment. I would rather watch that show than this which doesn't seem to have any funny moments coming up if it got the green light, or lasting at least two seasons. Plus, we have Phineas and Ferb, and Johnny Test (opposite genders) right now! We don't want something that's going to be a knock-off of either cartoon. Sorry, Jessica!
I don't comprehend the moral or the massage the producers were trying to send by making this movie. I also don't much understand the plot line really. Saying that it doesn't seem very entertaining to compensate for the lousy plot either so either way you're wasting your time.First of all, The actors are lame! Lindsey Lohan who's supposed to be the marketing ploy of this film is playing Tara a gold digger who exchanged her humble roots for a life of luxury even if it was costing her true happiness and safety. Supposedly, Tara is living with Christian a psychopathic maniac with mental problems we come to find out he has a shrink and a tendency to organize orgies at his apartment where he forces his Girlfriend Tara to participate in for the sake of his entertainment and then video tapes the sex sessions also for his pure entertainment. However, his odd behaviors and the fact that he's a controlling jerk didn't stop Tara from continuing her relationship with him after all he has money. Then enters Ryan Tara's ex boyfriend and her true love into the picture, now he is dating Christian's assistance and unbeknown to her or Christian these two ex love birds spark an affair in which Tara helps Ryan get the lead role for a small movie Christian is producing. Anyways, the whole movie is a cat/mouse chase between keeping the affair secret from Christian, Christian suspecting it, spying on Tara, trying to destroy Ryan, having sex with random strangers and eventually succeeding in his quest for destroying Ryan who is broke and living under the roof of his current girlfriend with barely any money and yet somehow manages to live a pretty well off lifestyle if you ask me.All these characters seem to think about is money and sex and I mean all of them without any exceptions. Ryan objects strongly to the way Tara is living her life by leeching off a rich boyfriend and being untrue to her real self all the while he's doing the same exact thing by living off his Gf's house. Tara has two guys being overly obsessed about her and is described as very beautiful however Lindsey Lohan due to years of alcohol and drug abuse has totally ruined her natural looks and in this movie looks a lot older than her 27 years. She has so much surgery done to her face as well she looks fake and in no way beautiful as the producers would want us to believe not in a way that would generate such attention anyways. She did seem comfortable playing her role but then again it wasn't a very good role if you ask me. Not one that I was impressed by, you don't want to be playing a man's sex toy for a comeback role. The writing was mediocre it's almost like the writers make fun of their own movie by having Lindsey Lohan tell the actor played by Ryan that him being in a small movie won't make a difference anyways and since it is a low budget film then what'd you know? Oh the irony!In the end I felt like this was a let's pass time by because we're bored movie rather than an actual let's make a movie we are passionate about movie. Also, in many ways I felt like the Christian character who's obsessed with orgies and sex as well as occasional murder is much like Christian Bale's character in American Psycho except this is the inferior version.Sorry Lindsey Lohan make next time you can pick a better role to play as your breakthrough role. This movie much like the writers have you mention will get you no where and maybe go slow on the Botox and add more emotions to your acting. You did seem bored.
I find little growth in the characters--each one continues to act in the roles they initially played:  Harvey tough and always right, Mike bright and insubordinate, the character played by Rick Hoffman predictably despicable with some redeeming qualities.  The red-haired secretary is always sarcastic--it's hard to see who she really is as a genuine person with a gamut of emotions.I'd like to see change and development in the characters.  I want to be more moved by the stories.
A thoughtful individual realizes that the claims of politicians and corporations are unworthy of serious consideration.  For example, why has the crime rate fallen in the U.S. over the past couple decades?  I can remember back when Rudy Giuliani first trumpeted his supposed accomplishments as the major of New York City--the fall in the crime attributable to his approach to policing the city.  I assumed that any such shift in behavior is probably due to complex forces beyond our control.  The claim of the authors, however, is that the advent of Roe vs. Wade and the availability of abortion on demand allowed women to delay childbearing until they were properly able to take care of their children.  As a result, fewer children were born into families that didn't want them, and fewer unwanted children meant fewer people who grew up to become criminals.  I would have to, at the very least, read this study in a journal article and crunch the numbers myself before believing this conclusion--but, at least, this is a conjecture that I have not heard before or considered.Other issues are considered as well: from corruption in sumo wrestling to the tendency for resumes of applicants with archetypal African-American names to be ignored twice as often as those for applicants with typically "white" names.  All in all, this movie was interesting, but not compelling.  And, as at least on other reviewer has mentioned, the subtitles in the piece on sumo wrestling were too small to be read easily.
No more or less than expected. Good special effects wrapped around a very old, warn out, plot. No foul language, no gushing blood, no sex. Date movie? Sure. Viewing with spouse? Yes. Children? No. Guys only? Maybe.
But that could all change. It wasn't the type of pilot that got me hooked but maybe in time it will be a show that is good.
The shows is good for riches who are affordable to pay too much for rent or own... I think it is a waste money to pay too much for rent .. or purchase... It is not worth to watch anyway as it;s my opinion.
This show has one interesting character. The rest are freaking boring, which is a shame because the premise is pretty cool. Why cast such uninteresting actors? And why are the characters so poorly written? The plot line is quality work, but for what is basically supposed to be a police procedural the &#34;cops&#34; spend half of every episode complaining, and the other half fighting and sulking. The  lead cop brings her ex onto the team, who sits through most of the pilot. (Sulking.) Then in a later episode they have a fight about her keeping things from him and for the rest of that episode he sulks and ignores her calls.(The calls of the lead investigator during a case involving the possible murder of a woman.) Because he is her ex she does not have him removed from the team, but tries to make up. So very irritating. I keep wanting to shout at the characters to grow the f up.
Do not waste your money on this Movie, it's below 1 star. Just because Scarlett Johansson is a hot chick, don't be a fool Like me. It should be called Under One Star. If you get sucked in and watch I warned you, Save Your Money for Blockbusters, This movie is Crap.Sincerely Edgar
I would probably watch this again, just because it is something different than the norm--thought that McDowell/Bernadette's roles were somewhat forced and predictable. Something about it irritated me like a pebble in one's shoe, but yet I kept watching... there's hope... (and I hope it doesn't become a teenage drama mixed with classical tunes); kick in more intelligence and it'll get better?OH...I just read online that this show was supposed to be a comedy. I missed that, I guess.
There was nothing about this one that I liked. The characters are obnoxious, the singing is terrible, and the plot makes no sense.
Nice, but not very thrilling.  Sort of predictable, but okay.......not terrible....not great.  I like Connie Britton [Friday Night Lights], and she is solid in this as well.
Waiting to see if it gets better.  It has a lot of possibilities and could be a really good show or not.  I will watch a few more episodes to decide.
I'm not really liking the season much this year... #11 is not only the team-thing full-time, but worse than that the designs are uninspiring. The team-thing is my least favorite of the challenges, as it is full of conflict... so an entire season of this is painful.And if that wasn't enough, this season's shows are popping up real late here at Amazon Instant (well after its competitors already have the new episodes up and on sale), so I've cancelled the season pass.
When I saw Chris Carter was involved, I decided to give it a try. This pilot was so poorly written, I was really surprised. Excessive use of the F word and a girl deciding to take a nude swim on the first day of the apocalypse was just in very poor taste. If the writing continues like this, it's gonna take more than a little nudity to save this show. It was just confusing overall, but maybe a second episode can redeem this weak pilot.
I don't like trying to watch a show that's so dark it's hard to see what's happening.  That's what this show was. Also, starting to seem like &#34;Lost&#34; and that didn't go anywhere.  I'd hate to invest time in another show like that.Can't say I'd recommend this show.
This is without question, the best movie I've ever seen about a psycho-killer car tire.  Yes, that's right.  Robert is a discarded tire that comes to life in the middle of a desert.  At the same time he and his activities are observed from a hillside by a dozen or so film buffs using binoculars.  They are eventually all poisoned for some reason.  Well, all but one.  Robert, not happy just blowing up birds and rabbits moves on to humans.  He explodes them by doing some sort of telepathic vibration.  If this all sounds ridiculous, it is.  And for a while, it works.  We begin to identify human characteristics in a rubber tire.  He leers at a young woman, he takes showers, likes to hit the pool, etc.  Unfortunately, it's a one trick pony that becomes tiresome (pun intended).  One thing it isn't is a typical, predictable, seen-it-all-before film.  When you begin to ask why this or that happens, filmmaker Quentin Dupieux has already given you the answer in the first couple minutes.  "No Reason".
I lived in this era and it is particularly hard to watch such a bad portrayal of the events and the times.
It was an interesting movie but I was expecting more action than it had.  It is ok to watch and had an interesting ending
Sorry Kurt, but you just don't pull these things off any more.  A fairly good story, he was supposed to be older, but it really hurts you to watch it.  Or it did me.  Did not enjoy this.
I truly enjoyed the Cheech and Chong movies but, find most that try to use marijuana as the focus fall extremely short of the target. This series does just that, fell short at the starting line...
Let me say before I talk about the episode that the commercials at the beginning of my paid for episode really piss me off. Let me explain the concept to Amazon's 1980's Reaganomics based marketing department in case they've forgotten. I paid for a movie, TV show, etc. so that I don't have to watch advertising. Advertising is supposed to be what you put in to compensate yourselves for giving away media for free, not when we overpay for each episode. If you want to give me this for free, or even as part of a Prime membership, I'll be happy to watch a commercial or two.Anyway, the production quality of the episode is excellent, with that said there is no end in site for this series and the plot lines are just being drug out shamelessly. Basically here's the outline. SAMCRO did bad stuff in their past, before Jax, then he did bad stuff for the "right reasons" in his time, now his decisions come back to haunt him, the club, and everyone around him, but he really just wants to get the club back "on track" with his father's vision... blah, blah, blah. Seems like a recipe to run a show forever in no real direction. Would have been nice to have a solid 5 to 7 season show with a well defined story line instead. Anyway, I'm waiting for someone to jump a Dyna Super Glide over a shark in the next episode, that should at least help us estimate an end date. I think that would raise the quality of the show back to the level it was at in the first 3 seasons.
The main characters are too new or too blase' because I found it boring.  They have no believable drama when it calls for it and look like actors on a stick.  Sorry but I fail to see why it was renewed.
I must be too old, this does not seem funny to me at all and I just stopped watching half way in.
This is the type of comedy I don't really enjoy, over the top silly and a bit mean spirited.  I couldn't finish the pilot, and won't watch more if it goes to series.
the lead character is definitely different and at times I don't think all of his elevators are on the same floor, But it isn't bad and a good alternative to the same old, same old stuff they put on TV
The Oxford Murders is a quasi-sophisticated murder mystery attempting to combine philosophical mathematics with a series of murders. The movie has the feel of an attempt to emulate the Da Vinci Code without the action and excitement.  The writer of the script clearly misused chaos theory in professor Seldom's lecture. Being able to predict hurricanes has nothing to do with the limitations of mathematics as the script would have us believe, but is rather a failure of our inability to gather enough data points to the precise measurement that is required to make those calculations. Anyway, This is a murder mystery who-dun-it. As such it is best just to list the characters then to speak profusely about the plot:Martin (Elijah Wood) is an American at Oxford wanting to be sponsored by the famous Arthur Seldom. He is a border at Ms. Eagleton.Arthur Seldom, retired professor, author of philosophical mathematics. WWII decoder.Mrs. Eagleton- Wife of a colleague of Seldom's. She is in a wheel chair, terminal, and the first victim. Her husband and Mrs. Seldom died in an auto accident some time ago. Seldom apparently rejected Mrs. Eagleton as a would be lover/ second wife as he prefers younger women, although they remained close friends.Beth, Ms. Eagleton's daughter and caretaker. She inherits her mother's wealth. She is in love with Martin, throws herself at him, and he rejects her. She plays a cello and is clearly unbalanced, imagining a relationship with Martin that does not exist.The guy who studies with Martin- He is also a bit crazy. He hates Seldom and claims his ideas have been stolen. For some reason his lips clearly don't match what he is saying most of the time.Nurse- She works in a hospital that Arthur Seldom goes to frequently to visit old sick colleagues. She throws herself at Martin and they become lovers. Later we find out she was once Arthur Seldom's lover. She is familiar with his work and writes murder mysteries.Crazy guy- He believes Jesus came back to revenge his death. He is clearly unbalanced. His daughter is dying in the hospital in need of a lung transplant, but there are no matching donors. He hangs out in the same hospital as the nurse and Seldom and buys books on Pythagorean society.All the characters are interconnected and it would easy to assign a motive to each one. There are very minor clues or hints as to what is happening, although nothing that would completely tip who the murderer is...or does it? I will give you a clue that may help you try to figure out what is happening, one scene fuels the next one although it may not seem to.  It is a  butterfly effect, which is what the "genius" of this film is about or maybe it is about mathematicians should never write murder mysteries.Nudity, sexual scenes, and language.
If amazon would allow less than one star, this would be one of those films (film being very loosely, and I mean VERY, used in this review. Yes, I know this was a "short").I read this synopsis: A fairy tale for adults about a little boy who has to gain strength and courage, to find his way out of a mysterious place by making the ultimate sacrifice.The synopsis was absolute nonsense and ABSOLUTE BS, designed to get someone to watch this drivel.Yeah, I thought this might be cool to see, considering it was about 20 mins. I was wrong. Incomprehensible, lackluster, disjointed. Just a lame 'crossing over after death' story. Hard to follow, and contrary to what others have said, I cannot imagine how dull and pedantic it could be if the story was 'fleshed out'. I would place this on the list of "high school media: the early years"- if it was imaginative. This "short" was short of story, sense, imagination, and anything else that would make it worthwhile to even watch.
Well what else is there to say about a show that starts with "warning: show contains musical numbers".  I would never watch this show, I couldn't make it through even one episode.  I found myself horrified and disgusted.  Musicals are for Broadway, not TV.
MY CALL:  Looking for a film that features vampire chicks, zombies, poltergeists, aliens and even has elements of a "house movie?"  Well, depending my interpretation of what I saw in the melee of clips from this film you may be in for all that and more...all be it in small doses.  We get to taste a lot of stories and ideas and, if we don't like one of the shorts after ten minutes, just wait ten more minutes for the next one to start.  If you like anthologies then don't miss this.Episodic horror anthology meets found footage as the movie opens with random home movies of three miscreants performing a series of arrestable offenses.  They seem to do what they do purely for fun and will surely deserve whatever ill-fate that may find them by this movie's end.Somehow one of these guys was offered a smash-and-grab job to steal a videotape from someone's home.  For some truly idiotic reason--though quite convenient for this movie's concept--not one, but two of these criminals decide to videotape this crime.  They break into the house and find the owner dead in an armchair, sitting in front of half a dozen TVs that are still on, besieged by VHS videotapes.  Anyway, clearly one of these guys never saw The Ring because he happily starts watching the tapes one after the other, alone, in the room with the dead guy who was watching the tapes!  As he watches his cohorts search the rest of the house and we watch the short films that comprise this episodic anthology.  Like many such episodic horror film, the introductory story additionally moves on briefly in between the shorts with interesting developments.These short films vary substantially in film, acting, gore, direction and writing quality.  The first, fourth and fifth (out of five) short films were much better than the second and third, both of which were so mundane I'd be happier if they were altogether omitted at the expense of the film's running time.  Below is a summary of each short film.Amateur Night.  A group of frat-type guys, one with a spy-camera in his eyeglasses, go whoring around town with the ambition of getting tits on film.  The spy-wared individual, later quite inebriated, picks up a pale, squirrely, large-eyed girl (Hannah Fierman; The Vampire Diaries).  After a healthy dose of seriously drunk driving, acquaintance rape and group sex, their squirrely girl goes absolutely feral.  What ensues is purely shock cinema, as if it wasn't already testing boundaries, complete with murder sex, bloody full frontal male and female nudity, gore, and genital dismemberment.  [Spoiled by the trailer...SPOILER from here...]  This chick, which I can only describe as a cross between a rabid cat-woman and a vampire, is truly creepy, awkward, brutal, sexy and terrifying all at once.  [...to here. End SPOILER]  The story ends on a cheesy, yet appropriate note.  This was a great shock-short with very strong make-up and effects.Director: David Bruckner (The Signal) really impressed me here.  I'd love to see this as an entire movie, but I'm not sure how that would work.  Of course, I thought that about Splice, which turned out fine in my eyes.Second Honeymoon.  A young couple (Joe Swanberg and Sophia Takal) take a road trip out west.  After retiring to their hotel room for the evening a young woman (Kate Lynn Sheil) knocks on their door and requests a ride, which the couple denies.  After they fall asleep...I'm not revealing anything else about this short, not that there's much to spoil.  The couple's dynamic is entertaining to watch, but the "horror" of the short just wasn't there and the attempted "shock" at the end wasn't shocking.Director: Ti West (The ABCs of Death, The Innkeepers) disappointed me here.  He was going for ultra-creepy but delivered nothing but lame.Tuesday the 17th.  This short combined the teleporting Jason Voorhees killer concept with the Freddy Krueger dream-killer meets White Noise premise mached-up via Blair Witch's shaky video camera.  Sound bold?  Maybe too bold?  This short never had a chance to develop and the delivery was cheap, uncreative and poorly executed.  The gore was also poor, though abundant.  Want to know about the plot?  Four college kids go to a lake house.  That's right.  They go to a Cabin in the Woods and it doesn't pay off for them or the viewers.  That about covers it.Director:  Glenn McQuaid (I Sell the Dead) got one thing right here.  Camera tricks.  They're no longer original, but they perked my interest before I lost interest in this short.The Sick Thing That Happened to Emily.  A guy has a series of Skype dates with his long distance college girlfriend (the very cute Helen Rogers).  Over the course of these recorded Skype calls (even though in the film they complain that they weren't recording them--yet here some criminal is watching them on a VHS tape in a dead guy's house) they investigate her "haunted" apartment.  The mood is good.  The scares were decent and made me jumpy.  There is also some very effective head-turning gore.  Not really gory, but a strong sort of off-putting in a couple scenes.  The ending makes no sense and even leads us to scratch our heads and question the true genre of the short.Director:  Joel Swanberg (You're Next) did well.  I liked getting to know the characters.  I found their couple's dynamic credible and interesting in a way that served the story quite well.  And I liked that it could make me jump...sort of...internally at least.  You know what I mean?10/31/98.  Four bros go to a Halloween party.  But the house is empty.  They explore, a few odd things happen, and they find some Klan rally-exorcism-virgin sacrifice evidently transpiring in the attic.  The bros try to save the damsel under the assumption that the aggressive hillbillies rallying around her are the bad guys.  From here, what started out as a seemingly aimless short turned into a fantastically done "house movie" escape with cool effects, some of which felt unique to this film.  Pulse-ghost-zombie arms reaching through the walls and the floors, objects flying about, a window actually shrinks so as to create a sense that the outside world was closed off to the house's captives...  really nicely done.Director:  "Radio Silence," a troupe of several young directors, impressed me.  What doesn't impress me is their troupe name, which makes it difficult for me to follow their work and upcoming projects on IMDB.Just because I disliked a couple of these shorts in no way means this wasn't a fun experience.  We get to taste a lot of stories and ideas and, if we don't like one of the shorts after ten minutes, we just wait ten more minutes for the next one to start.  If you like anthologies then don't miss this.IF YOU LIKE THIS WATCH:  Trick 'r Treat (2007), the Creepshow franchise (1982, 1987, 2006), the upcoming more scene-than-story 26-short The ABC's of Death.
It tries way too hard, but I still hope more episodes are made because maybe they will find their way.As other reviewers have noted, this seems to take pages from Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Strangers with Candy, and Workaholics. They only real difference is, it's just not nearly as funny as any of those.Perhaps if the show shifted focus to the black secretary it would be more interesting and waaaay more entertaining. She's great!Hang in there guys, keep at it but just relax a bit. Find your own voice. Don't try to replicate Always Sunny, you can't, you don't have Sweet Dee.
I was somewhat disappointed. There are just too many things that are questionable and the plot just doesn't hold together. Not one of my favorites.
Not funny, witty, moving rather just the same old tired formula. Uninspired writing, dumb plot lines, totally predictable. More of MJF being himself without stupid family situations etc. would be great.
Better than most bodice rippers
Watched the first 3 episodes. Not impressed. The characters are so cliche it's painful, the two scientists are the same character separated only by name and body.. The saving grace of this show is just showing that Coulson lived. VFX are good but the writing and characters are so bland it's just not up to par with some of the shows coming out this season. I may come back to it during the summer when there's nothing to watch but for now other shows are more worth my time.
creepy movie. it's hard to believe that it's based on true events. i urge you to go to wikipedia and read about the real story. such a contrast to the glammed out movie. there was nothing glamorous about the real events. in the end, the whole thing just felt yucky and scary. not for the faint of heart. i gave it three stars because i don't like scary flicks, and i didn't realize that it was going to be so creepy. also, it makes me wonder how and why hollywood sensationalizes events in history when the actual events are sad, gruesome and just plain awful.
This was bundled in (at no charge) with the newest season premiere of Burn Notice so I watched about 20 minutes of it before throwing in the towel.Bored out of my mind; acting is from hunger (if one can even call it acting); story is totally unbelievable and flat, and the writing is about the same: dreadful.With so much quality programming available, there is no way I would spend time finishing the pilot or watching any episodes in the future.Saddest thing is the creator, Jeff Eastin, is right on with White Collar (which I love).  Graceland just doesn't do a thing for me (except for the cute guys), but even an old lonely gay man like me needs more than young cute guys to be a loyal fan of a program!
The Eclipse (Conor McPherson, 2009)After I hit paydirt with Outcast, the wonderful Scots urban fantasy picked up for US distribution by Bloody Disgusting not long ago, I figured I'd see what else the British Isles had in store for me. Ireland has been a solid, if not necessarily prolific, producer of good horror films over the past fifteen years (viz. Isolation or Dead Meat). The Eclipse, which boasts a cast headed up by Ciaran Hinds (There Will Be Blood), Aidan Quinn (Benny and Joon), and Iben Hjejle (Defiance) as the woman they're both in love with, seemed like just the thing with which to pass a gloomy, snowy Friday night. Unfortunately, it fell quite flat.Hinds plays Michael Farr, a volunteer at a literary festival who is still reeling from the recent death of his beloved wife (Hannah Lynch in her only screen appearance to date). He is assigned as a driver for two visiting notables, paranormal researcher Lena Morrell (Hjelje) and horror novelist Nicholas Holden (Quinn). Holden, an American, is married, but the cat is away, and he's got his sights set on bedding Morrell. Michael, on the other hand, initially sees Morrell as a possible gateway to understanding why he sees&#8212;or believes he sees&#8212;the ghost of his wife, but he, too, begins to fall for her.Ultimately, I believe The Eclipse is an attempt at the supernatural-drama subgenre that the Southeast Asian film market has honed to a fine edge, and that most of the rest of the world doesn't really know exists. It is unsuccessful, though I have no way of knowing whether to blame the original story (by Billy Roche) or its adaptation (by McPherson); either is possible. Another rewrite might have made it a bit more coherent and turned a collection of interesting scenes into a full story, but that rewrite never happened, and we got what we got. You can feel free to give this one a miss. **
If I didn't live in Portland, I might not watch this as regularly as I do. It's okay. The quality wavers between a notch above and a notch below most contemporary sketch comedy, though the characters are generally well done -- caricatures that are right on target. Armisen is good in his roles, while Brownstein is less so. The main shortcoming of the program is the shortcoming shared by most current-day comedy: An emphasis on the situation itself rather than on specific quanta of humor. Fifty years ago, the basic unit of comedy was the joke. Optimum execution of the joke put a premium on delivery and timing. Today, however, the joke has largely died out, replaced with the overall situation as that-which-is-to-be-considered-funny. This shift in focus has changed humor from a well-defined verbal/mental exercise to an amorphous display which the audience is to perceive as funny. As a result, delivery and timing are neglected. Moreover, if it's the situation itself which is presumed to be funny, then the corollary is that more of the situation is going to be more funny. All this is a roundabout and perhaps clumsy way of saying that many of the skits just aren't that humorous or witty to begin with, and that they sometimes go on far too long. Too often, the vibe of the show is, "Watch us because we're funny," rather than really being funny. Still, it's diverting enough most of the time. I do still watch it, after all.
Riley Keough and Juno Temple star in Jack & Diane which is basically a love story between two young women and disguised as a warewolf story as well. But the whole warewolf storyline was pretty much vacant and nothing, and I mean NOTHING happens in this movie. The writer/director couldn't create a full and compelling story, the writing is flat, the acting is only really good from Juno Temple, and the direction is sloppy. And the way Riley Keough looks in this movie is like a young Elvis Presley which is I'm sure intentional since that is her grandfather for crying out loud! I just didn't believe the relationship between Jack & Diane, they fall in love way too quickly and I can't figure out why they do? This movie is pointless and I'm only giving it 2 stars (way too generous, I know) because of Temple's performance.
to me it was the typical 'secret' group that is dominated by violence and somehow rarely being found out in spite of remaining in one city. they're all beautiful, a basic requirement I guess.
The only thing worse than having to watch a movie you never really cared for to begin with is being forced to watch it again and then realizing you can't stand it. That's exactly what happened with first time director Nicholas Jarecki's "Arbitrage." Starring Richard Gere, Susan Sarandon, Brit Marling, and Tim Roth, "Arbitrage" is the story of a billionaire named Robert Miller (Gere). Robert is the manager of a hedge fund empire that is supposedly one of the most profitable in the business, but Robert altered his books and committed fraud. Even though he's covered his tracks, the fraud is still there. On Robert's 60th birthday, a deal that will tie up all the loose ends and keep Robert and his family very happy and wealthy is on the verge of being negotiated. But that's when things begin to get a bit more complicated in Robert's life and his lies begin to get the best of him."Arbitrage" was one of the first screeners sent out to critics during the awards season. The movie is getting a ton of buzz because of Richard Gere's performance, so it was thrown into the nearest movie playing device and watched as quickly as possible. Needless to say, it was a huge letdown and was passable at best. So many screeners are sent out to critics every year, but this was the first year that the majority of the pile was watched on this end. So after viewing 30 or 40 movies since its initial viewing, "Arbitrage" shows up on Blu-ray in the mail and since the specifics of the movie had become so blurred since the last viewing another one was in order. Its second viewing only makes the experience feel even more mundane.Robert Miller isn't exactly an upstanding citizen. Hell, he isn't even likeable. Robert Miller is only watching out for Robert Miller. He only does what benefits himself. He tries to make it seem like he's worried about his family, but he's honestly just obsessed with money and is afraid of tarnishing his reputation. Richard Gere's performance isn't bad, but it doesn't really deserve a ton of accolades either. He's a guy that's buried himself in his own grave who's now mimicking a cockroach who won't die while scurrying along and trying to find any escape route that he can. Gere mostly just seems to throw temper tantrums and has a few emotional outbursts, but is nothing special overall. He yells a lot, but his go-to method is yelling completely belittling things to whoever he's talking to before whispering that they should come sit next to him so he can show them something. This happens on at least three different occasions with two different individuals.The movie is also a total waste of Tim Roth. Going into this, you may think to yourself that maybe Roth will at least have some enjoyable scenes. That unfortunately isn't really the case. Det. Michael Bryer (Roth) is a cop who plays dirty without actually being a dirty cop, if that makes any sense. He pulls strings to do things that aren't by the book, but it's to put the ones who deserve to be behind bars where they belong. Roth mostly just acts tough without ever doing anything to back it up or possibly never really having the chance. The most enjoyable part of his performance is his handlebar mustache. Brit Marling and Susan Sarandon feel wasted as well, but the wound doesn't feel quite as deep. Marling portrays Robert's daughter Brooke who also works for him while Sarandon is Robert's wife. Marling's only real shining moment is a shouting match with her father in a public park, but the scene only makes you wonder why nobody is stopping or taking notice of the argument even though it gets extremely heated. Sarandon's highlight is acting too busy to talk to Tim Roth even though she doesn't really have much going on, but honestly anything feels like a step up for her after her appearance in "That's My Boy.""Arbitrage" attempts to be this thrilling and compelling piece of cinema and it just isn't. There are several different storylines going on throughout the movie, but it all just feels very ho hum; you don't care about any of it. Robert tries to be portrayed in this light that he's a wolf in sheep's clothing, but he's more of a rat in a skin suit. You have no desire to see his story go one way or the other. Not to mention that he bleeds internally for like a week and barely acknowledges it after the first night. With all of the cheating, the lying, the backstabbing, and innocent people who are trying to turn their life around and yet are getting hurt because of Robert, "Arbitrage" is the story of one rich man's downward spiral where both sides lie to try to get what they want but both walk away empty handed. It all results in a standstill that is about as thrilling as a staring contest.Special features on the Blu-ray of the film include Commentary with Writer/Director Nicholas Jarecki, the 12.5 minute "A Glimpse into Arbitrage" featurette which features the cast and crew discussing the film, the 7 minute "Who is Robert Miller?" featurette, and 10 minutes of Deleted Scenes with Optional Director Commentary.
Movie was good for an action flic. Acting was ok. Nothing sparked but would have liked more scenes where Purefoy was involved in aggressive fighting.
My family and I really enjoyed this show at the beginning when the team worked well together and had specific task to complete each episode.  Now the infighting and multiple episode conspiracies are annoying.  We may not continue into the next season.
This movie continues Murphy's niche of kid-friendly movies.  A lot of the scripted humor will make the kids laugh at loud, along with Murphy's ad-libs which are indeed funny.  However, the premise / plot of the movie is very predictable and adults in the room will absolutely groan and roll their eyes (that's what happened at my house).If you're looking for a movie to entertain late elementary / early middle school kids this one will be a winner - adults, not so much.
While a  pretty period piece the pace is so slow interest fades fast. Can't figure out how this could have run for two seasons.
With so many good shows out there about the end of the world as we know it (The Walking Dead, Revolution) and alien invasions (Falling Skies, Defiance), do we really need a poorly-scripted show with a few good actors given horrible and unbelievable roles?  I knew we were in trouble when the clown got onto the elevator.  It was all downhill (or down to the parking garage) after that.  Save your energy for the other new pilots. This one is a huge disappointment.
I won't "spoil" the series for anyone who hasn't watched, but it promised a lot, and delivered only a little. Very disappointed. It's going to take a lot for me to watch next season, especially if I have to pay for some of the episodes.
Just didn't think the contributions of the &#34;mentors&#34; were that great, and the effort to inject competition in what is essentially an artistic venture fell flat for me. I had missed the ending so I got the last episode from Amazon just to see who won. Thanks.
Purchased one episode in hopes it would differ(a little spice added or at least be as good) from the original. But unfortunately, it contains the exact plot and the lines were &#34;word for word&#34; from original Swedish/Danish series. The cast is very disappointing, mainly Diane Kruger. Sofia Helin from the ORIGINAL series blows away the character (of the blonde female lead detective) with mesmerizing acting. BTW if the original was offered on Amazon it would be a 5 Star!
Like many other long time X-Fans, I'm afraid I found this one an immense disappointment. I know it's easy to fall into hyperbole, but in all honesty, this may well be the single most boring cartoon I've ever seen.On the plus side, on a purely technical level the animation is superb. About as subtle as a tattoo of a flaming skull, but technically superb. Oh, and almost all of the chicks are drawn with giant racks, too. And when I say "giant", I really do mean giant. The kind that in the real world could only be achieved with truly industrial quantities of silicone.Actually, aside from the fact that everyone keeps their clothes on, the style of animation here is very much in the mould of high-budget R-rated anime. I'm not just talking about the spandex-clad chests - there's also the splatter and the gore. Measured purely in terms of screen time, the amount of violence in this show is probably about the same as you'd find in any other superhero cartoon. However, the feel and the texture of that violence is very different from what many viewers will be used to. There's something positively gratuitous about the way it's drawn. Indeed, it could almost be described as erotic... If that's your thing.And yet, despite all the violence and the chicks with the giant racks, the truth is that this has to be one of the most profoundly boring pieces of television I've ever seen. The problem is... Well, let me explain with a story.I remember back when I was about seven years old and I thought Star Wars was the greatest movie ever made. I also thought that because the best parts of Star Wars were the space battles, wouldn't Star Wars be even better if it was just one long space battle?Of course, I now know that it simply doesn't work that way. However technically impressive, however visually awe-inspiring, those climactic battles only mean something when we're emotionally invested in the characters. If we fundamentally just don't care about Luke Skywalker or the world he inhabits, we also won't care that much when - or indeed if - he blows up the Death Star. The special effects are reduced to being _just_ special effects. An impressive technical achievement to be sure, but nothing more than that.Unfortunately, that's the way it is with this show.In this series, in place of real character development all we get are emotional histrionics. In place of real storytelling, scenes of gratuitous violence are interspersed with lengthy and turgid exposition. And in those very rare, brief moments when things aren't gratuitously violent, histrionic, or even turgid, everyone suddenly becomes inanely bright and cheery for no apparent reason.The honest truth is that at no point did I find myself caring about the characters in this story even the tiniest little bit. The animators could have drawn us an episode in which every single one was fed slowly into a meat-grinder and it'd barely have rated a yawn.Frankly, I would just have found it as unutterably boring as every other episode in the series.Theo.
It seems like in addition to the nudity, F-bombs, and the apocalyptic bent, the supernatural(?) is thrown in&#8230;It reminds me of a mixture of Lost, Revolution, and The Twilight Zone. Can we get a drama that does not have the first two? There have been shows on for years (here's looking at YOU, Chris Carter) that had compelling stories without the unnecessary use of profanity or nudity. If the story calls for these items to move the story along is one thing, but it just seems tacked on for ratings sake, and it is not needed, in fact, it detracts and distracts. It is almost like the dictionary had been thrown away in favor of a few curse words that just have to be used about every other word. If the show was re-edited without the language, it would be a more coherent, taut story. I don't see anything like this among this crop of pilots, Amazon...
The first season of American Horror story was very unique and attention grabbing,When we heard the 2nd season was to take place in an Insane Asylum, we thought ... &#34;Oh yeah&#34; ... should be really good ... perfect setting.Well one complaint people had with the first season was an over-reliance on sex scenes to grab attention.That same thing appears in ASYLUM, but pushed even further (and to a bit of an excessive and silly extreme).But beyond that ........... something about this season simply failed to live up to potential.The setting of the insane asylum was not really used to best advantage and there was not really a good central story or theme this time around.As others have said, it felt more like random ideas thrown at a wall just to see what would stick and what would shock.I must say the 3rd season COVEN has already lost our attention completely.We quit watching.We really were excited by this series after seeing the first season, but for us at least ........ it failed to deliver and just became a mish-mash of random images and scenes meant to try and visually shock the viewer without really engaging them in a compelling story or plot.Honestly -- I think I see why Jessica Lange has voiced her intentions to leave the series and do no more of these.
Here's another series I tried my very best to like.  As a Cold Warrior military man the premise intrigued me, not just a little, but a lot.  When it came down to the stories, however, they just couldn't seem to hold it together or keep me interested.Sadly, the one subplot I did enjoy was the "what if the kids find out" line that weaves in and out of the show.  I never finished the first season and have no desire for a second.
Let me say this first, I thought the main actress was super hot! Just wow!!!Now, onto my review. I thought this movie was pretty good for a indie film. It was made better than most indie films and some theater release ones too. The monsters were easy to do because they are just vampires and not much needed to do, but good make-up and fangs. There were a few special effects needed and they were done well. The acting was okay, some actors were better than others. The directions was okay and I only spotted one error. The story was actually pretty well done,and that's what the movie really was best at.This movie isn't really scary, and just supposed to be funny. Personally, I just enjoyed it as a better indie film. I'll recommend this movie.
Not sure what is the point of putting things like this on the internet. Spend your time staring into the sun. You will have find it more fulfilling.
what the hell is wrong with film mkaersan adventure film should not be mindlessand just insaneas this plot isand get some big strong guys not tiny midget with no muscles for fighting jeeeeesh
Another gang of crime fighters with lab equipment, only these folks are out in the desert. Is there no end to these pathetic shows about dumb a criminal being caught by five or six crime fighting lab techs. Unfortunately even their lab technique stinks.This program is so old and stale it is almost impossible to comment on.
Not a fun series to watch. Too much heavy drama. I guess there are no good people left in the world and these deeply undercover cops are the only blue line left.
Not a big action movie...kind of a love story with a possible war breaking up...but most scenes are following 2 girls throughsome situations...lots of scenery..  music to put ya to sleep also......and its really not a movie for us guys....as even if you paid me I wouldn't watch it again.
This is a fun show to watch. The plot does not often stay true to it's course. Nevertheless I do enjoy the show because the characters seem to have fun with the show. I usually enjoy romantic comedies. They have to be really bad to get less than three stars form me.
The acting itself is great, but my interest was honestly lost within the first 4 minutes of the show..might appeal to different audience, but remember what has happened with similar shows, i.e. Glee..started strong, but now fizzled. :-(
Along with being recognized as The Farm Boy who became a Space Knight, Mark Hamill is a high-profile friend of a number of creators and editors at DC Comics, prompting him to write several introductions to their graphic reprints of their most popular collections and donating his voice as The Joker on "Batman, The Animated Series" as well as several "Justice League" series installments. Before he worked as the "Clown Prince of Crime," he appeared in two episodes of The Flash TV series as Barry Allen's answer to this deadly villain: James Jesse alias The Trickster! During the early stages of this TV series, most of the villains were either generic throwaway thugs or fabricated knock-offs of classic DC characters (notably Nightshade/The Original Sandman), but along with the appearance of Captain Cold(Michael Champion) and Mirror Master(David Cassidy), Hamill's Trickster was part of a long-awaited adaptation of members of The Flash's Classic Rogues Gallery.In this Rematch episode, he's sprung from facing trial by a new partner, Prank. Some would call her Harley Quinn before-the-fact and they wouldn't be too far off.While The Bad Guy's plot regarding how to deal with The Good Guy was an interesting twist, Julie "Catwoman" Newmar and Victor "King Tut" Buono did the same thing with Adam "Batman" West and Burt "Robin" Ward a few decades earlier, which made this installment less-than-great but not-that-bad. If they took the Comic-Book-on-the-screen path with the show from the beginning, it could have lasted as long as "Smallville" or at least "Lois and Clark." Who knows?
Not up to the caliber of most well done British mysteries.  We tried to watch it but it did not hold our attention.
Somewhat clich&eacute;d;  usual Hollywood family stereotypes.  No one seems to be actually working a regular job.  Some funny bits here and there.  Tambor brings his talent for understated funniness and pathos to his character.
I thought this would be a series about the impact of alcohol on history.  Instead,  it's drunks attempting to relate their versions of historical events. If there was nothing else to watch I'd turn off the TV before I'd watch this program.
This show as different, crazy with big reveals. Well in Season 2 they prove they are out of material. The show moves from one badly contrived episode to another until I couldn't take it anymore. I should have quit 3 episodes before I did. It's as if they had a little success so they brought in professional talent and that professional talent ruined it.
The movie never developed a "feeling" for the characters, wasnt very scary, wasnt a well made movie in any manner and is so forgetable I had to click on it to remember the basic plotline....what little there was of it.I dont recommend this movie......at all
Your normal house hunting show with each person from every episode sharing the same vocabulary......wow, OMG and flow and agents trying to impose their will on reluctant buyers by assuring them that a wall can be taken down or a bath can be remodeled.
I think this is supposed to be a comedy but I didn't find it funny at all. :( :( :(
Of the 5 new Amazon pilots this was, by far, my least favourite.  I rated the show exactly what it deserved.  Do not waste your time watching this pilot as the other 4 new pilots are winners in my opinion.
I LOVE the premise behind this show. The biggest problem for me is that the lead cannot act. She gets totally flustered around the cute guy...it is just weird. But the idea behind the show is great and I really like the guy in black. That works. I am going with 3 generous stars...could have done 2.
I like the show and will be following it for a while.  It has the potential to grow into something really good.  Hopefully, there will be some unexpected plot twists that will not be so predictable.
I feel like it's a show you would find on Adult Swim.  Not exactly my style.  It's not that creative, and somewhat predictable.  Things kind of just drag on too.
Parts of his performance made me cringe they we so awful. He's a terrific actor, so I don't know what was happening here. He didn't have chemistry with any of the cast and the whole thing seemed awkward and forced. Pilots can be a little rough around the edges, so maybe this will get better with time. Overall, I'm didn't like it enough to make it 'appointment' TV.
I loved the ending and it alone makes me want to see the next episode.  However, that's the only thing that's really new about this.  It's a different portrayal of apocalyptic creatures.  Other than that, this story has been told over and over again.  It looks like different people, different title, same story.  I'd have to see something more that's different in order to stay interested.
Stupid is as stupid does. What a cluster f.... mess These poor souls find disaster everyway they go. I finally started feeling sorry for them but most of there woes they bring on themselves. If you are really bored maybe watch it.Chuck
I'm kind of on the fence with this one.  Going into a flick called "Hobo With A Shotgun" you know your not getting "Mary Poppins".  You have to expect buckets of blood, gore, and bullet casings.  In order for a flick like this to work there has to be a certain ironic and tongue-in-cheek sense of humor.  Director Jason Eisener tries hard perhaps too hard.  He lays the bloodshed on so heavily that after a while you become immune to it but not particularly moved by it.  His effort strikes me as that of a student filmmaker attempting a homage to grindhouse.  This is not to say that there's not some things to recommend the film.  I thought the Plague were a bloodchilling and inspired touch.  Though most of the acting is strictly amateur hour, not entirely a bad thing, Rutger Hauer's presence gives the film gravitas.  In a subtle turn, Hauer with his weathered visage projects a man who is mad as hell and is not going take it anymore.  In olden days a film like this would have been drive-in fare or play as part of some triple feature in a seedy movie theatre.  Ironically, this film had a two week run at the local arthouse.  Just goes to show you that given time certain maligned genres are bestowed legitimacy by the "mainstream".
This sorry excuse for a movie is pure amateur hour. Bad writing, inept acting, silly special effects and it makes no sense at all - but who cares? Apparent they just slapped some scenes together and called it a day. Don't waste your time.
LOSS OF LIFE  is a "found footage" film about what occurs when a fun-loving group of teens embark on an evening of Halloween partying. Figuring on another "epic night" of getting loaded and getting laid, the six guys record everything -on multiple devices- for posterity. At first, all is light-hearted and casual. Then, a pair of masked strangers arrives, and everyone's party is over! As w/ many such movies, disbelief must be severely suspended at times, in order to buy the idea that anyone would record these axe-wielding madmen, especially while being attacked. However, if you can get beyond the illogic barrier, then this is a tense, jumpy thriller. The characters are authentic, the story is decent, and the finale is original and genuinely unexpected! Worth a watch...
Like all other SOA seasons there are some really cool car and motorcycle scenes along with some cool shoot outs, but this is the first season I'm not giving a 5 rating to. It's basically just wraps up the old theme that once you get into the life you can't get out but I guess I'm just getting tired of the SOA and watching them walk face first into the meat grinder for yet another season. In the end they leave it open, as TV shows always do, but I feel like the series is effectively over as of this season.
I had read all of the Longmire books before buying this.  I did not like the adaptation in the series at all.  My neighbor who has only seen the series and not read the books likes it, but I was just very disappointed.
I only watched this because of Bobby, Sue Ellen and JR whom tried NOT to steal every scene they were in which is commendable because the storyline is older than dried up oil wells in Texas
The pilot was done well, and the characters were all good with the exception of Billy Dee Williams. I liked neither the character nor him. My overall complaint of this show is that it is very reminiscent of &#34;Any Given Sunday&#34; with Cameron Diaz. All it needs is Ann Margaret. The new general manager character has real possibilities, as does the friction/interplay between the owner and the new quarterback. If done well, it could be a real hit.
Now I know that anyone can make a movie.  The grainy black and white filming was interesting, and really didn't add to the movie.  It's like they said &#34;We'll save money if it's not in color&#34;.
Not much to grab hold of in the first episode except a creature teaser at the end..This writer should watch an episode of (5 star) Justified. Dialog can be intelligent, entertaining and creative without every other word being &#34;f&#34;. It is distracting at first and becomes disturbing after a while. I am not a prude and I have known some people who talk this way. I found them stupid, lazy and boring.I may watch one more (if it gets off the ground) since I like apocalyptic flicks.
This was one of the pilots that I knew that I would like.  However I was surprised that 12 minutes into the pilot I hadn't laughed and I wasn't interested nor invested into any of the characters.  It wasn't bad but no where near my expectations.
this was a good show , however it was doomed after it's 8th episode. That episode featured a idiotic gangsta rap plot. Everyone I know stopped watching after that episode. I tried to convince them that this was a aboration. but to no avail.  There's a lesson here , most adults don't want a episode featuring gang rap plots; and it even featured a murdered rapper. Is there any other kind?  lol.  Oh well this one is no gone for good. The ratings did plummet after that one so that's that. gang rap equals death. well actually it does , just in this case death of a good show.
I wanted to get an inside look at some the things on the show, but it devolved into a conspiracy theory show rather than a &#34;behind the scenes&#34; look.  Three stars for entertainment value.
It would be better if other cities are covered as well.  Is Philly the only city with Parking Wars?  Anyway, it would be interesting to compare with other cities.  The show keeps viewer entertained but limited in content.
Barbara has a messy house where she cares for her grandson.  He's a cutie-puh-tootie.  She has beef with her daughter-in-law and seemed like a white Mother Jefferson to me.No offense, one notices that Richard is a swishy fishy.  You hear nothing about a wife or girlfriend in the picture.  The therapist said, "Richard is not secure in his identity."  His sister said, "Richard is keeping a secret from us."  So near the end, words come up that Richard finally tells his siblings what any viewer would know from jump.  It's a bit anti-climactic that they don't film it.  I'm guessing his adult siblings didn't care because they could just assume it.  I wish the show had interviewed them about it.  If you see the cartoon "Drawn Together," every character's face turns into a donkey's when they say "Duhhhhhh!!!" when the fey character comes out.  The same will happen here.  In short, the pink elephant in the room is so obviously a pink triangle, that it really shouldn't have been an issue.To be honest, sometimes the "Hoarders" episodes with closeted or out rainbow-flag men are the most interesting.  I recommend this, despite my frustrations.
Where's the humor?  I get this is a popular show and several people told me they liked it but it totally fell flat for me.  I suffered through one episode and then tossed the DVD into a black hole.  HUMOR: D minus; STORY/PLOTTING: C plus; CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: C plus; OVERALL GRADE: D plus to C minus; WHEN WATCHED: 02/08/2011.
The show tried hard but mostly missed.  I think I only laughed twice in the whole show.  I did appreciate the voice acting, casting Kripke as one of the leads was excellent.  He's a good fit for the character.  I think they might have been trying for crude funny but for me it really missed.  The crudeness was just thrown in and there wasn't much that was funny.I'd probably watch it but I'd never pay for it.  Overall just meh.
I was extremely disappointed by "The Great Buck Howard".The Great Buck Howard (John Malkovich) is a stage performer way past his prime.  A mentalist, he bounds up on stage and proceeds to astound his audience with mind reading, hypnotism and other mental games. The only problem is that he now plays broken down theaters in places like Bakersfield and Fresno and his audience, while still very enthusiastic, is aging and dwindling. In his heyday, he appeared on "The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson" sixty three times, a fact he mentions repeatedly, and Carson was so taken by the performer that he called him The Great Buck Howard, a title he has determinedly kept ever since. Preparing for his big comeback, his business manager (Ricky Jay) sets up a meeting with a potential Tour Manager. Troy Gable (Colin Hanks, son of Tom) has just dropped out of Law School and moved to LA to become a writer. But reality quickly settles in and he realizes he needs a job to pay the bills, so he interviews to work with Buck. He gets the job and heads out with the performer, making sure Buck's every request is filled, that the venues have everything set up, stagehands are ready to go, and the like. The problem is that Buck still thinks he is a huge star and expects the venues to treat him as such. Buck is very bitter that Jay Leno has never had him on his new "The Tonight Show" and plans a big stunt, guaranteed to kick-start his comeback. He decides Cincinnati is the place and asks his management company to send a publicist. Valerie Brennan (Emily Blunt, "Sunshine Cleaning", "The Devil Wears Prada") shows up and begins to set everything in place. But she is bemused by Buck and attracted to Troy and her presence causes things to begin to fall apart.Written and directed by Sean McGinly, "The Great Buck Howard" misses a very key element to make the film successful and memorable. It lacks the right tone.John Malkovich is interesting as the fading star who feeds on his self-perceived fame and glory. Buck trots out on stage at every venue and shouts, "I love this town," and he really seems to mean it. He plays in aging theaters and is barely able to fill them with his aging audience. But they also seem to genuinely enjoy his show. Buck enjoys performing and seems to eke a living out of it and we can't fault him for this.But Buck Howard is not very funny. We have seen this type of character before. Many times. And many of these performances have been more insightful, more daring and more interesting.For "Buck Howard" to work, we need to realize the character knows his career is fading. He doesn't seem to. He enjoys the shows so much, you get the feeling he could perform for one person and he would be having fun. In fact, much of the time, he seems to be trying to make Troy's life more difficult simply to have something to do and maintain his 'great' status.But Malkovich never portrays Howard as being self-aware. If Buck never has any doubt about his ability or standing, are we supposed to either laugh at or with, or feel empathy towards him? He isn't desperate enough and enjoys what he does, even on a smaller scale, too much.Colin Hanks is OK, but he spends most of the time standing to one side, observing everything.Its difficult to tell what Troy is thinking or feeling because Hanks rarely changes his expression. The only clues we seem to get come from his narration. And his narration never seems to stop, rambling on and on. Film is a visual medium, a visual art form, so hearing consistent narration throughout a movie is the equivalent of trying to read a book and having someone consistently shove a DVD player in your face to watch video of what you are reading. Narration is useful and necessary in some instances. It isn't necessary to provide an ongoing commentary about what characters are feeling on screen, when we can't tell this visually. At least it shouldn't be necessary.I can recall two recent examples of narration in film, both bad. In "Vicky Cristina Barcelona", Woody Allen uses an omniscient (and ever present) narrator to tell us the feelings, thoughts, likes and dislikes of the characters we are watching on screen. It quickly grates on the viewer's nerves. Worse, the narrator isn't even a character in the story. It's like he is reading us a story as we are trying to watch the same fable unfold before our eyes. The narration in "Buck Howard" seems designed for a different purpose. In many low budget, independent films, a narrator provides a useful tool. They tell us about things, bridging the gap in the stories, saving the filmmakers some money and allowing the story to proceed. I generally overlook this, because it isn't quite so obtrusive into the experience and it often helps enhance the film. In "Buck Howard", I get the sense the narration is designed for the same reasons, to help show things they couldn't afford to film, but Hank's descriptions go beyond this. They start to describe what he and other characters are feeling, thinking, want to do and accomplish. Why aren't we seeing this in the characters themselves? Why do we have to be told this?Hanks is not a very magnetic force in the film. He stands to the side a lot, observing, watching, rarely speaking. When he does, he always seems kind of flat, as though he can't muster up the energy to feel any real emotions. I can't help but think how much different his father's career would have been had he done similar work in the beginning of his career.When Emily Blunt's Valeria shows up, Troy becomes a little more energetic as they begin a romantic relationship. Troy actually smiles a few times and seems to enjoy the companionship.Emily Blunt provides a little bit of fresh air. Valerie arrives in town to help Buck navigate the press corps for his big presentation. From New York, it quickly becomes clear Valerie comes from a different world. She moves faster, registers faster, reacts faster than the people in Cincinnati and seems like a little tornado whirling through the town. As soon as she meets Troy, she begins to flirt with him (she must see something we don't) and he picks up on it, relishing the new relationship. At one point, Valerie can't help but laugh at one of Buck's statements, providing a little ray of sunshine among the group of people who are taking his every word so seriously.Steve Zahn and Debra Monk pop up as a brother and sister designated to be Buck's official hosts in Cincinnati. It is an amusing idea, but the roles don't really go anywhere and they end up simply disappearing.And there is an amusing ongoing joke about a feud between Buck and George Takei (Mr. Sulu on "Star Trek). But even this leads to what should have been a memorable moment and this moment just falls flat. It almost seems like everyone is playing the scene straight.I suspect "The Great Buck Howard" will enjoy a lifetime in obscurity, much like the fictional subject of this forgettable comedy.
My husband and I both love Martin Clunes in Doc Martin and in the documentary he did on dogs.  We were very disappointed in Regiie Perrin.  Canned laughter and certainly not a very challenging role for him to play.  Just not the same caliber as Doc Martin. If you have nothing to compare it to Reggie might be quite entertaining.
I love this cast, and I love the premise.  But it needs to be sharper and more honest.  For example, the filibuster scenes aren't especially funny, and they offer up a feel-good lie about how the Senate operates -- in reality, Republicans "filibuster" every single thing the Democrats want to do, and (except for one effort by Rand Paul) they do it without ever giving a single speech.  The real nightmare that is Congress today should provide a ton of material for dark humor.  But if it's going to be sugar-coated, it's not worth it.
Two smart attractive people are at a transitional point in their lives.  They each take dead end jobs at a zoo to keep busy and bring in a little cash and...whaddaya know: romance blossoms with a couple of standard movie roadblocks that almost keep it from happening.  Women will like this one.  Men will see every plot twist coming a mile away.
the title does not fit the movie at all- the movie moves so s-l-o-w due to the directors ambitious drive to focus on details- details that bring absolutely contribute nothing to the plot. That being said- the movie actually has stunning, "award worthy" cinematography (even though I was unaware of any pyramids on the Mexican / US border)still- the acting was above average and the actors / actresses were believable- and very realistic; the scenes of south america kept me interested even when the plot didn't. Only problem was, you never really believed these aliens were "monsters."this movie was basically a mash-up of "war or the worlds" and "clover field" except with land roaming octopus instead of high-tech machines or some lizard creature. The lack of imagination regarding the "monsters" was disappointing. But- it was worth the watch, especially if you have a little time to kill at an airport like I did...
In all honesty I didn't know what I was getting myself into with this British film directed by Ben Wheatley.  I almost pulled the plug as the first act seemed to drone on endlessly with no point.  In addition, although I'm no newcomer to various English accents coming out of the U. K., no matter how loud I turned up the sound, I couldn't comprehend what half the words were.  So my fellow Americans, my advice is go ahead and put on the English subtitles, shift gears and hang on for one of the most head-scratching films you'll see.The movie evolves from a domestic squabble between Shel (MyAnna Buring), a former Swedish soldier and Jay (Neil Maskell), a temporarily unemployed killer-for-hire.  After a job went south in Russia, Jay's nerves are a bit shaky but his partner in crime, Gal (Michael Smiley), convinces him it's time to get back in the game.  They do and their targets are focused on a priest and likely pedophile and a porn distributor.At this stage we're not too concerned about their fate.  They deserve what they get.  Yet something is amiss.  They thank Jay before their demise.  Events become more and more unsettling as their search for their targets drives them into areas they (and I) didn't see coming.  The occult and Satanism show their faces.  As the movie shifts into high gear, it also changes tone, now entering some scary and gory horror.  And Wheatley and his writing partner, Amy Jump, don't pull their punches.  I'm still trying to figure out what I just saw.  I suspect you might too.
Things I love about the show:Characters from various backgroundsThat it seems to be going more toward the supernatural side rather than the zombie side of things. &#34;The After&#34; please don't make these things zombies. I'm so tired of zombies.I do like the suspense and how it plays out.Things I hate about the show:The F-word is said every other sentence for this show. I mean....I am not opposed the word. In any sense but when its not character appropriate it just doesn't make sense. I mean my favorite movie is Boondock saints and I thought that was tame compared to the amount of F-bombs they use in this show. Its appropriate for the irish and the convict character It really doesn't fit anyone else to say it. /endrantOther than that it looks like it has potential
The writing was full of puns that were intended to be funny, but it just came off as corny--very unpleasant to watch. I tried to force myself to watch an entire episode, but I couldn't make it beyond about 15 minutes. I realized that it hadn't gotten better by then so chances are that it wasn't going to happen by the end.
Acting was good in this series. The story line was interesting, but for the first couple of shows was not done that well. By the third show, it was beginning to be more realistic with better concepts and dialogue, and really began to bring the peoples' personalities and issues into the script. This made it 100% better.
It is taking 7 to 8 minutes to show how a tooth-pick is made and the same time how an engine is made !If you think that it makes any sense, then watch it. I stopped.
I was skeptical going into this movie. Nothing really good can come out of Susan Sarandon and Richard Gere when they want to "denounce" corporate greed. Everything was clich&eacute; in this movie. Down to the donation of 2 millions to a cancer research foundation, that will be used to make the doctors more rich and famous for nothing. They will use the funds to have "meetings" in exotic places in order to "share the information" (I haven't seen a scientific meeting downtown Detroit in a while). They will use the money to have big dinners and share big awards between them and patting themselves on the back. No drug that will cure a real disease will ever come out from these big donations and galas. In spite of this, people still believe that they are doing the right thing by donating money to these foundations. What a waste!The plot is somehow complicated and we are not getting a real answer because the movie just ends!  Robert Miller (Gere) is a hedge-fund magnate (immediately you think he is the bad evil guy who deserves to die!) who has manipulated the books because of a bad investment (where else, in Russia) that cost him 420 millions. He wants to unload his company for approximately the same amount of money to replace the money before somebody checks the books (I guess he thinks that somebody who spends this kind of money, will not check the books first for accuracy,...but that is another story). One night while driving with his mistress he falls asleep and gets into an accident. She dies and he tries to cover up.Taking lessons of ethics and behavior in life from Richard Gere and Susan Sarandon it is quite amazing. I knew immediately even before the movie started that their goal was to denounce corporate greed and arrogant behavior. They didn't succeed in their goal since his mistress is not portrayed as a great person and we don't know much about her, just that she is of French origin. His wife is a cold selfish person that nobody should care about, and he is not greedy, he is just trying to cover for a mistake. They didn't want to make a real thriller or a mystery movie. They could have taken that route. That would have been a much better film. But they decided to make a (bad) propaganda movie. Just another complaint about people with money.  But wait: aren't they also arrogant millionaires that give their money to hedge-fund managers to make more money? And when I watched the extras I saw a patronizing Sarandon and a serious Gere lecturing us about the problems of the world and what is ethical or not.  What a bunch of pretentious hypocrites!Richard Gere performance is the same as in "Pretty Woman" or "an Officer and a Gentleman". Average, nothing special. When I heard rumors of him going for the Oscars this year against Daniel-Day Lewis in "Lincoln" it made me vomit. This film was already nominated for the Golden Globe which is a prelude to the Oscars. The only reason they will give him an award for this pathetic performance in this pathetic movie, is because everything is rigged in Hollywood and they want to promote their anti-Wall Street propaganda. Really don't understand why the Hollywood people will bite the hand that feeds them. I don't think that the average Joe buys their propaganda: "white collar corruption", "corporate greed", "fair share...fair share"...blah, blah, blah. These are clich&eacute; sentences that only minimum educated people (...like the occupy Wall Street moronic crowd) believe. This is totally illogical. Nothing in this film deserves even the mention of an award. And please people, get Susan Sarandon some decent clothes. She was dressed with rags like a homeless person throughout the movie. In contrast, Brit Marling was very classy (we can tell that she already worked on Wall Street) but Susan Sarandon...was really very casual (to say the least) for a hedge-fund magnate wife.The only bright moments in this movie are the performances of Jimmy (Nate Parker) and of Detective Bryar (Tim Roth). Great acting and really great presence. But still, trying to manipulate a picture and make up a poorly pixilated license plate was really cheap and sad. Anybody can do much better these days with a computer!Two stars only for Nate Parker's performance that really saves the film from the abyss where it really belongs together with the entire pathetic script.
Richard Gere is the best part of this film. In it he plays a billionaire who stands to lose everything because of a bad deal with a copper mine and so the lies come out as things go from bad to worse.Unfortunately most of the plot points were overly predictable but fortunately the performances were delivered better.Susan Sarandon plays the wife of Gere and you can tell early on that the couple is  disconnected one. Also starring Tim Roth as a police detective.A message of rich people getting away with it but it lacked any depth or twist or anything remotely interesting enough to push it above average. Also, you had Gere and Sarandon and that was the best you could do with them?The budget for this picture was not listed (always suspicious and likely that means a loss) and it made a bit over $22M at the Box Office.STORY/PLOTTING/EDITING: C to C plus; CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: C plus to B minus; SOUND/MUSIC: B minus; CINEMATOGRAPHY: B minus; MORALITY FOCUSES/MESSAGE: C to C plus; OVERALL GRADE: C plus; WHEN WATCHED: early January 2013.
This movie reminds me of those old Troma movies from the 80s lots of cheesy unbelievable bad guys getting blasted by a hobo with a shotgun.
This satiric take on the epic mini-series of the seventies and eighties is a one trick, one joke pony. The idea is to make fun of the tropes and melodrama of the epic, best selling, historical romances that proliferated during the period. All of the familiar elements are present: the wealthy but troubled family with secrets, their home, sometimes with hints of the gothic that represents a character in itself, unrequited love, revenge, death, business and wealth.In the real world, there is the mineable territory of Hollywood with its excesses and egotistical stars, directors and writers. S of B takes them all on, making fun of the mini-series and novels that it lampoons. Conclusion? These books and the productions based on them were melodrama that took themselves far too seriously and had quality issues of writing, directing, acting and production. That's it. That's the joke....full stop.I could get on board if I was getting a decent story and characters supporting the joke, but we don't because to give good story and characters the production team would have to resort to the techniques and tropes of  the genre they're satirizing and they can't do that because that would cut the legs from under their one joke pony. Not recommended as story or satire.
I wish it was 40 minutes long.  Good but not great, yet.  Hopefully it will continue to improve in the future.
My wife and I watched a couple of episodes and found Helix slow, gross and predictable.  CGI comically bad at times.
This is one of those shows that needs to grow on you. So far it hasn't found any arable land here. I'm being patient and maybe somebody will sprinkle me with fertilizer in the future.
First, the second takes of the principals exchanging incredulous glances becomes very old, very quickly. At times the possible danger of a situation seems exaggerated. Most episodes do not hold my attention of very long.
I've said it before, and, if RITES OF SPRINGS teaches me anything, it's that it often bears repeating: almost anyone with an idea can write and shoot a slasher/horror picture these days, AND almost any studio will distribute it.  The upside?  The market continues to be flooded with good and ... erm ... let's say "less than good" product, and that keeps the consumers coming back to the trough for yet another scare.  The downside?  Well, because the dynamics of producing even a modestly-thought-out idea, video store shelves are stacked with one forgettable piece of garbage after another.Don't say I didn't warn you.After killing a local businessman's wife, a group of entry-level kidnappers nab his tween daughter to hold for $1 million ransom.  Hiding out in an abandoned school, the team of criminals is surprised when a blood-stained young woman stumbles into their hidey-hole ... with a maniacal axe-wielding killer in pursuit!  Forced to team up for safety, the criminals and the young woman realize they're in the wrong place at the wrong time, and, unless they can cooperate, they're bound to become the lunatic's dinner ... or something.This is Dumb.  Yes, dumb.  With a capital `D.'(NOTE: unfortunately, there's no way to review RITES without some spoilers, folks.  So if you want to know my final rating, then jump down to the last two paragraphs.  However, if you're up for some laughs, then read on!)Writer/director Padraig Reynolds bears the distinction of shooting the most ill-prepared slasher script I've watched in decades.  To his credit, there's some mythology here - apparently, the `barn creature' feasts only on the heads of five female victims once every first day of Spring, hence the title - though it makes absolutely no sense.  See, he has a keeper who - for reasons never made clear - catches the women for him.  The `barn creature' can't do it himself (or herself?) because he's kept locked in the cellar of a barn (?!?!) for the rest of the year.Not only that, but also the monster apparently has a fetish for munching only the heads of beauty pageant queens or other reasonably hot-looking women, though (again) we're given no logical explanation for that, either.  Instead, each woman is hotter looking than the one before, and, no doubt, we can figure out the subsequent lookers' fates once we've seen `em.Not only that, but also this ritual - Reynolds calls them "rites" for a reason, kiddies - has been going on for 25 years ... and yet no one has ever come up with the idea to simply close shop, take your good-looking women and children, and leave town every March 21st in order to escape the ensuing annual bloodshed and mayhem.  Instead, the townies go about their business like nothing's ever happened, and you can what happens from there.Not only that, but these characters aren't fleshed out enough to be anything other than stock fodder for the maniac's blade of choice in a script desperately in need of going under the knife.  There's the bad criminal.  Then, there's the criminal with a heart of gold who only has to take the law into his own hands because he's $300,000 in debt.  There's that guy's good-looking girlfriend (can you guess her fate?).  Then there that guy's mistake-prone brother (can you guess his fate?).Not only that, but, technically, the film stinks of amateurism.  Here's a tip: when making a film with a handicam or steadycam or hand-held camera of any sort, it might actually serve the process to stand still every now and then.  I have nothing against the herky-jerky documentary look of filmmaking, but, when you do it in a slasher film, you're constantly giving the audience the impression that you're seeing things from the perspective of the killer.  When that ain't the case, you're confusing the story!  And to complicate matters further, the story goes from daylight to nighttime in the flick of a switch.  Literally!  Guy goes into the abandoned school, and it's bright daylight; guy runs from abandoned school only moments later, and it's the dark of night.  Really?  Plus, as long as I'm piling it on, do you know any abandoned and clearly condemned schoolhouses fully equipped with mood lighting only?  I mean, maybe that's the reason that the schoolhouse was condemned, after all.  The school district should be ashamed of itself.To the film's credit, it ends.  However, the way it ends, makes absolutely no sense, and I (seriously) laughed for about five minutes.  I guess when Padraig Reynolds says cut, his crew took him seriously.  Stay tuned after the credits, though, because there are a few seconds more that try to ratchet up a few more scares ... or was that a few more laughs?RITES OF SPRING is produced by IFC Midnight, Red Planet Entertainment and White Rock Lake Productions in association with Vigilante Entertainment.  DVD distribution is being handled by MPI Media Group.  The disc looks and sounds about as well as any scream flick probably can and should - not a bad thing, just nothing all that special.  A few sequences were poorly miked, but, when you're making schlock-horror on a budget, you take what you get.  The disc comes with a commentary track and some pleasant enough behind-the-scenes materials, if you're inclined to check `em out.  Again, nothing special, but it's nice to see that the cast & crew put some thought into some aspects of their tale; it's just too bad it wasn't in the script.NOT REALLY RECOMMENDED unless you're a glutton for punishment or in the mood for a cheap laugh.  It isn't that RITES OF SPRING is poorly made.  To the contrary, the cast and crew do they best they can to muster a few scares along the way.  It's just that so little of the script makes any coherent sense.  It's as if writer/director Reynolds had an idea - one based on a regular diet of slash and gore - and then he ran with it.  And why not?  Horror pics of this nature nearly always turn a profit, if not a few stomachs.In the interests of fairness, the fine folks at MPI Media Group provided me with a DVD screener copy of RITES OF SPRING for the expressed purpose of completing this review.
little disappointed, same stuff, they working to hard to make it seem like everyday life.  It all seems to be just for show.  I have stopped watching them after this.
I saw this show on our FIOS menu and decided to record it.  We watched last night.  My mom and stepfather liked it.  I could not stand it.  There are a few reasons why.1. There was a lot of action going on.  Not much in the way of story.  I felt like I was watching the season finale of a show, not the first episode.2. There were a lot of characters being thrown at me all at once.  I honestly don&#8217;t remember the names of any of the characters.3. Am I supposed to like the main character?  He is a traitor.  He is a dirty cop who will let his group do whatever they want.  He did take care of one guy.  But the way he did it made me hate him even more.  I understand that they are probably trying to show that it is hard for him, being on both sides.  But I do not care.  I hate the character and do not care if he lives or dies.4. Finally, I wonder how long they will be able to go with this type of story?  I mean, how long can they have a character playing both sides before it just gets ridiculous?  Will they have something in which every five or six episodes, he gets close to getting caught?  Again, that will get old fast.I will try this show again.  I am stuck with it now because my mom and step dad like it.  But I think it sucks to put it simply.
But I Did like the end where it points to alcohol as the gateway drug and that death rates for it and cigarettes/nicotine.  Also liked the bunch about the pharmaceutical industry, however, prescription drugs are to be used as prescribed, and addicts don't obey doctor's orders.  It had its good points, but a lot of it was an annoying push for drug legalization.  While there are some bad cops out there, I get tired of them being portrayed as the bad guy by the criminals.  This was a documentary with stories told by criminals, that wouldn't be criminals if there weren't &#34;evil&#34; drug laws banning them.  The guys telling their stories were mostly dealers who got caught. Then we have Hollywood elite just because they are famous, and people listen to them.  I don't think kids should be able to get to watch this video, cause I doubt they would watch till the end.  They would just hear the part about easy money making and see the hot girls dancing in clubs, and see fun in the club.  And the way they start: &#34;I was in poverty, and I just wanted an easy way to make money, and drug selling was the answer&#34;.  Well the drugs that people abuse still have horrible effects on those who are addicts, their families, and the communities as well.  We already have alcohol and cigarettes, do we really need all the more dangerous ones legalized, too?  There has to be a better answer out there.  How about we just have communities out there where we can put all drug abusers together and they can have a big party and wreak their own havoc on each other.  Same for rapists and murderers.  Drugs lower inhibitions and judgment and cause people to do  things they would not normally do. There has to be a better solution.
"She's our responsibility now. We've got to get her off this mounting as soon as possible." When a group of mountain climbers out for a weekend of fun hear a sound in the forest they begin to investigate. When they find a little girl held prisoner in a small chamber they decide to rescue her. While trying to get her to freedom the hunters decide that a group is more fun to hunt then one little girl. This is a very frustrating movie to watch. The beginning was very tense and has you interested almost immediately. You feel like you can't catch your breath the entire time and are really rooting for the crew. Then with about a half hour left the movies stumbles badly and turns into something completely different and is barely able to hold your attention until the end. If I judged the movie based off the first hour I would definitely say watch this. Based off the ending I would say watch it still, but shut it off with a half hour left and have someone tell you the ending. Very disappointing. Overall, a very good movie for most of it. I give it a B- (would have been higher if ending was better.)
This may be related to my sense of humor or my generation, but these people are no Robin Williams, or even Jeff Duham.  Too much commentary on social issues or nu-relatable events instead of relating to common values or situations.
The Orphanage (Juan Antonion Bayona, 2007)I was thrilled with The Orphanage just after I first saw it, and was all set to go round comparing it to Pan's Labyrinth like everyone else is doing. But then I got behind and didn't start writing this review for a week, and when I sat down to do so, I realized I'd forgotten a great deal of it. It took some serious brain-wracking and a consultation of a plot synopsis for me to start remembering scenes from the movie that had impressed me.Laura (Mar Adentro's Belen Rueda) moves back to her childhood home, an abandoned orphanage, looking to refurbish it and start a smaller, more intimate home for disabled children. She and her family aren't even settled in. however, when her autistic son finds himself some imaginary friend-- but just how imaginary are they, and what do they want with him? Distressed by this turn of events, Laura turns to paranormal investigators to find out what's going on.I think my problems with remembering the film have to do with my seeing Saint Ange last month, which riffs on many of the same themes and is, simply, a better and more memorable movie. Still, Bayona's first big-screen feature film does outdo a number of recent Spanish supernatural flicks that have made it over the Atlantic (viz, the awful Darkness). A second viewing reminded me what I liked about it the first time-- the acting is mostly solid, the atmosphere is well-done, the pacing and direction are both first-rate. Definitely recommended, but I'd suggest watching Saint Ange around the same time for a compare-and-contrast session. *** 
Both the film and the subject. I've never seen a group of more dysfunctional and dangerous people ever. Not worth the time. Who wants to know about people of this ilk anyway. Yuk.
I think this is the lowest rating I've ever given a Robin Williams movie. Sorry, but I really did not like much of anything about it except Robin.Lance Clayton (Robin Williams) is a writer who has never been published, and an English teacher at the same school his douchebag of a son attends. The pejorative is Lance's, and it is deserved. Kyle (Daryl Sabara) is a spoiled, foul-mouthed, scheming, brat who is obsessed with all sorts of sexual kinks, among them hanging himself while masturbating. I know there's a technical term for it, and I lost a friend to the thing. It's of course very dangerous, because one can accidentally kill himself.And that's exactly what Kyle did. His father walked in on him doing this almost-hanging thing once, and was shocked, and told him how dangerous it was. Kyle blew off his father's advice just like he blew off everything his father said. But one day he did indeed accidentally kill himself.So Lance arranged the body as if it was a real suicide instead of an accidental one, and wrote a suicide note for Kyle, so that no one would have to know how perverted the kid was. Then one of the students (or was it one of the teachers?) discovered the suicide note in the police records and published it. They had all hated Kyle, but now it turns out he was a gifted writer and a tortured kid. He had only one friend, who was as much afraid of him as everyone else, was not doing well in school, disgusted all the girls, and had a serious case of the hots for his father's girlfriend, the art teacher (Alexie Gilmore).Inspired, Lance wrote an entire journal for Kyle, full of teenage angst, which Claire (the art teacher) encouraged him to publish. They did, and passed it around the school, and made a sensation, and Lance was invited onto a TV show to talk about it, and . . .Oh, I'm giving too much away. It's listed as a comedy, and I suppose it is in a dark sort of way, but I didn't find it all that funny. Robin Williams does his best, but I don't think anyone could have given this film a focus that would hold up to the seriousness of the topics. Yes, troubled teens are a major problem, and everyone wants to try to keep them from committing suicide, but I'm not sure this is the way.
To this point I have viewed all but one of the first session's episodes and I cannot say that I find the evidence convincing. That may not be the goal of the program; perhaps it is intended to entertain or stir up frisson in its viewers. No differences from ghost sightings from the 20th century except now we have digital cameras and video and audio recorders. Most sightings happen in poor lighting and on camera or video only--no one sees them at the time the photo is taken or the recording is made. Any speech attributed to the ghosts is garbled and at the level of the background noise. Growing up with Casper has spoiled it for me: he was visible (when he wanted to be) and transparent and spoke clearly (and sometimes softly).
I do not know why some companies think their movies are worth outrageous prices just to rent them for a short period of time...If we look at this rental, the actual purchase price would be well $60 for the movie on DVD...Please price these movies appropriately...nobody wants to rent movies at prices which they might buy it instead...
This spin off from the Closer I had high hopes for but it left me longing for Kyra Sedgwick.  No one can replace her in this role.  I bought the entire season to try it out and ended up giving up after episode 5.  This series seemed to mostly revolve around Rusty.  The chemistry seemed dead and the magic was gone.  I wish I could get a refund.
The commander at the start of the movie caused me to see Captain Sheridan of Babylon 5.  When we're bringing in the Scotty person... they're actually from Firefly, not Star Trek.Ok, the Scotty boy went to see the obviously alien prisoner and had an explosive device that exploded causing quite a ship-wide catastrophe.Now this confused me A LOT.  Bang and everyone is still there?  Wait, wait, watch, wait... hey.... maybe that boom thing was a remote control because no one around it suffered a boom.  But the ship sure did.I'm going to give it 3 stars.  Start with 5, knock off one for being shorter than most TV episodes. Knock off another for confusion and worrisome acting.  The &#8220;special effects&#8221;....ah...  did someone pay the Babylon 5 make up guy some money? We do have a dangerous and sexy alien.The sexy skills of Alias star Jennifer Garner but in a Babylon 5 decked out type of alien.... who can essentially kick ass.  Just like they straight-out-told-you about the time of the &#8220;prisoner transfer&#8221;.I have a few questions though.  Why did the Firefly &#8220;Scotty&#8221; go bozo?  Well, never-mind.... lots of questions.This movie may have been a really cool episode of a really good science fiction series where there are plenty of episodes before and after this one.  This one, credit where credit is due, does conclude.  It didn't make me say, &#8220;Oh, yeah, now I get it!&#8221; but it was a conclusion that may spark some fun ideas... not unlike Alien with Sigorney Weaver.  Her real name is Susan, lets stop this Siggy nonsense.If you have an hour until dinner and you can get this on your 10 inch tablet in your kitchen... and you don't mind missing everything as you toss the salad while the casserole is cooking.  Good call.  You won't &#8220;get it&#8221; any better than I did but you'll feel like you got in a movie while making dinner.Never-mind that it isn't really &#8220;movie&#8221; length.  I have been unfair a bit though.  While I could criticize this thing until the cows come home, I don't feel like I wasted any of my time.  I think who ever put this together with (I hear) a limited budget, is someone who has the basics down on how to tell a story in film.  I think one day they will be widely recognized.  But not for this one.
First, decide which media device you want to watch these episodes on.  If you want to watch them on your computer, you get the view-on-demand option that lets you watch on your computer -- but not your TV of course (unless you can run a cable from your computer to your TV) -- or you can get the "burn on demand" option here that lets you watch on your consumer electronic DVD player but NOT on your computer.  Seems like a scheme the gophers would come up with.My kids love this show, and do their "screen time" on the computer, so there's really no need for this.  If you are a dedicated consumer electronic DVD player person, then these work, but it looks like there are no special features.  Just be sure of what you're buying before you click "buy".
I only watched 1-1/2 episodes of this show.  I did not find it interesting or entertaining.  I don't recommend it.
It's a bit too early as of yet, however, all 3 stories that were shared in both the free preview, and the first episode, were stories that I'd already seen covered by other Paranormal/Ghost television series such as: My Ghost Story or A Haunting. I am NOT saying their stories may or may not be true. In fact, they were very believable and....frightening!  What I don't believe; is this is original material for this "New" upcoming fall television series and, that's a big disappointment. I was really looking forward to seeing this new show every week but now I'm not so sure. The first episode was not much of anything, especially when the  preview seemed to  boast of so much more! Not only was old material presented, it was presented very poorly. I was almost bored to tears. There was no excitement at all. It was like watching a tennis match....between cutout paper dolls. For something that should  have been extremely traumatic, I saw very little eemotion from....I'll continue to watch one or two more episodes with the hope it'll improve. I'll update this review if it does.
I totally missed how/why these Senators are roommates and two of them share a couch? This needs to be explained... Its kind of like a bizarro world House of Cards. Good cast and writing beyond the totally confusing set up.
For me, it is not as good as previous seasons. The story line is getting into racial issues too much. I don't like to watch anything that starts preaching an agenda, whatever the agenda.
This show is just like the Onion as you read on-line. It&#8217;s zany and funny. I think most people will like it.
As we began to watch there was interest in the characters and various logging technics. It was the attitude of one boss inparticular that turn us to turning it off. A small big mouth, large temper guy who physically shoved down threatened and also choked co-workers. To serious an occupation for such an immature person. Done watching!
Director Randy Moore filmed Escape from Tomorrow entirely at the Disney World and Disneyland theme parks. As he did not have permission to do so, he used meticulously planned guerrilla tactics in order to shoot the film without being caught. The actors kept the script on their iPhones. The crew used handheld cameras and dressed as park visitors. Scenes were blocked and rehearsed several times in hotel rooms before shooting, and dialogue was recorded using digital devices which were taped to the actors. The film was also shot in monochrome, in order to avoid lighting issues. No one ever suspected the cast or crew of foul play. In this respect, Escape from Tomorrow is an incredibly risky one of a kind achievement. Randy Moore was afraid that Disney would find out about his little experiment, and so he edited the film in South Korea. The film was released at Sundance, and word of mouth spread quickly.Ultimately, the unorthodox history behind the making of the film would prove to be far interesting than the film itself.Escape from Tomorrow tells the story of Jim White, who finds out that he has lost his job on the last day of his family vacation at Disney World. He decides to keep it to himself, so that his wife, his son, and daughter can have a fun time without all of the drama. As he and his family ride the monorail to the park, Jim catches sight of two young Parisian girls &#8211; two little Lolita&#8217;s that he will soon become obsessed with. Make no mistake, Jim is a disturbed man. While riding the &#8220;Small World&#8221; attraction, Jim begins to hallucinate. The cherub-faced animatronics begin to grow fangs, smiling evilly at Jim as he passes by. Later, Jim catches sight of the Parisian girls once again, and follows them to Space Mountain, where he forces his son to ride. After the kid gets motion sickness, Jim&#8217;s wife chastises him, and she takes the boy back to the hotel to recover. Jim takes his daughter to the Magic Kingdom, where the son of a creepy wheel-chair bound man pushes her to the ground, scraping her knee. Jim takes her to the nurse, who seems to be a bit disturbed and warns Jim of a mysterious &#8220;cat flu&#8221; that is going around the park. &#8220;You can be a host and not even know it,&#8221; she says.For the rest of the day, Jim will continue to follow the Parisian girls, he will fall under the spell of an ex-Disney princess who is now an evil queen, and he will learn that the majority of the ever-smiling Disney Princesses at the park are actually expensive hookers who sell themselves to rich Japanese businessmen, while also becoming the target of an evil plot at Epcot&#8217;s Spaceship Earth which will purge him of his vivid imagination. Hallucinatory images are sprinkled throughout to give the film a surreal Lynchian feel, but these moments are fleeting &#8211; which is upsetting, because these are perhaps the most involving sequences in the film, as the bulk of the running time is dedicated to Jim&#8217;s tireless pursuit of those darned Parisian girls. These scenes are repetitive and dull &#8211; and honestly, Jim is a poorly written character. After a while, I was ready to get away from him.And then there&#8217;s the &#8220;cat flu&#8221; sequence, which brought back memories of a certain toilet scene from Dumb and Dumber. After a few more slightly trippy scenes, the film ends in a bizarre fashion that doesn&#8217;t quite work, not even in the realm of avant-garde cinema. The trailer for Escape from Tomorrow would have you believe that this is one of the greatest films ever made, a psychedelic wonder the likes of which you have never seen before. At the end of the day, all that it really offers is weak social commentary on the inherent creepiness behind family theme parks, featuring the shenanigans of a Lester Burnham wannabe. The one saving grace in Escape from Tomorrow comes in the form of Abel Korzeniowski&#8217;s beautiful score.I wanted to love this film. I really did. While there are some clever moments here, they never really add up to much. I wanted this film to take me to new heights, to restore my faith in the medium. It didn&#8217;t do any of those things. In fact, it&#8217;s all painfully, unforgivably ordinary.
Peggy Lee lives in Hawaii.  She has four children and a second husband.  She is an alcoholic.Peggy's first husband abandoned her two sons, but they chose to live with him when he returned.  This propelled her drinking, and her own mother was an alcoholic.  This reminded of Toni Morrison's "Beloved," a book which begins by the main character's two sons leaving her house.I related to Peggy Lee because she often talks and yells to herself, with no actual audience.  Although I've never been diagnosed with alcoholism, I do that stuff too.  [Place embarrassment emoticon here.]  Peggy Lee babysits her grandson and it's a total accident waiting to happen.  I think more than Peggy could be punished by Children & Family Services if something bad did occur.Peggy Lee calls herself a fifth-generation Hawaiian.  I kinda wish she had stated what her ethnicity was.  I kept asking myself, "I wonder if they're entirely Asian or a mix of Asian and Polynesian."  Then again, Hawaiians of all kinds of backgrounds sometimes call themselves "just Hawaiian."I thought the show would end on a down note, but it ended positively, surprisingly.
Didn't care for the show at all. It 's not uplifting and doesn't leave you wanting to see more. I was glad when it was over.
I have heard from a lot of people about this show, so I was curious to see a few episodes for myself.  It lives up to the descriptions of my friend, but I was disturbed by how the therapists treated - or rather failed to treat - the underly issues of the &#34;hoarders.&#34;  The show is seriously over dramatized, which isn't unexpected for a reality TV show, but I would expect more from the therapists, who I would assume have a professional duty to treat their patients rather than to just antagonize for the cameras.
Honestly, I was confused by this episode and never figured out the point. It shows a mirror universe and that's it... nothing to tie it to the other universe or nothing to show how it ties to the rest of the episodes. I thought it would be like when DS9 had episodes for an alternate universe and they tied together but this wasn't like that at all. It seems like there should have been a Part III to make it all come together and make sense.
I rented this movie because I heard good things about Richard Gere's performance and I am a fan.  I agree that some of the movie was predicatable but the final resolution was not.  Gere's performance was great as was most of the other cast members.  It would have been nice to see more of Susan Sarandon but waht she does at the end makes up for her small scene time.  Worth watching at least once.
I would have truly loved this if the background music/singing wasn't so loud and overwhelming and distracting. I think that the music was beautiful and I would have loved to have listened to it separately from this documentary, but paired so loudly with the show it was a nuisance. When there was no background music/singing I found this program very good.
The pace ... omg ... slow, slow, slow, glacially slow...soporific.  And the images ... a naked woman in a bed of black satin sheets ... one drop of blood?  Please -- every lame vampire book on the market has that one on the cover.  Lots of  talk about sex and death and the psyche.  Most of which is silly and lame.  Pretentious.  Dull.  Not worth a penny.  I hope all of the characters find a creative way to eat each other until all of them are dead.
Only the first episode is included with Amazon Prime, so I'm only rating that.This series, despite its intriguing title plays on sensational claims that are not supported by evidence.  I wouldn't consider it worthy of a channel dedicated to &#34;history&#34;.
Having worked in the animation industry as a composer for 30 years, and more recently as a writer of children's programing, here are my thoughts.The LookIt has a home HD quality to it. I&#8217;m not sure why. The camera lighting/angles? The framing? The color correction/saturation?The ConceptNot at all well established. The name &#8220;Maker Shack Agency&#8221; is not a compelling title and gives no strong clues as to what the show is about without reading the log line. It would have been better to start with the expositional main title sequence showing the boys in the midst of successes and failures with blue flame explosions and fumes pouring out their garage doors - then cut to the cafeteria.Think &#8220;Phil of the Future&#8221; as a model. Along with this, the main title song&#8217;s outlining what&#8217;s to come as well as establishing the character&#8217;s relationships would have gone a long way to set the context and sustain the opening of the show.The CurriculumA science show for sure but, the underpinnings are more intended to be humorous than inspirational, if barely functional. I&#8217;m never in favor of base potty jokes, so their &#8220;fart detector&#8221; was a demographically marketable add on for me.On the other hand, imagine if Wolfie had very bad gas and was about to go out on a date. How much funnier it would have been for him to invent and use a &#8220;fart canceling machine&#8221; while trying to conceal the device in the car. Out of his control it would have been &#8220;farts gone wild&#8221;.His date, &#8220;Wolfie, what&#8217;s that box. Is that a new invention of yours? Oh&#8230; you are soooo smart. Can I see it? What does it DO!?&#8221;The audience would know as does Wolfie, that the instant he loses control of the box a methane disaster awaits! The struggle between them and Wolfie&#8217;s lame excuses as to just why she can&#8217;t see the box would have been ripe for side gripping humor&#8211;especially if she lurches and grabs it out of his hands and fiddles with the knobs! Now theirs a scene that really stinks for you!So, the &#8220;science gone wild&#8221; was pallid for me as no invention, real or imagined solved any worldly problems. It&#8217;s &#8220;Flubber&#8221; with teens at the helm with the steering wheel missing.Plot / Story ArcIt seems as if the main plot, the Maker Shack, was the subplot. The focus was not clear as the &#8220;science&#8221; aspect was secondary to &#8220;teens revenge&#8221; themes and a preoccupation with farting. As for plot focus, think &#8220;Weird Science&#8221; for a parallel teen adventure movie.As a teen SitCom the humor that DID NOT involve farts was itself very self conscious. And though I am clearly out of THAT demographic, having been schooled by my own teenage daughters, I found the set-ups predictable with a few exceptions.Then, given the obesity epidemic, I was troubled by a plot that involved a candy baron and&#8230; a candy peddler in the school&#8217;s cafeteria. That CANDY drove the storyline is a real negative in children&#8217;s media. Consider: Cookie Monster has been switched to broccoli!([...])That is certainly an indication that this is not the proper &#8220;teen sweet spot&#8221; (industry term) and is the wrong plot motivation for a teen&#8217;s show in this health conscious day and age.The CharactersFor me, the most serious problem is the lead, Wolfie, who if properly cast could have held the show more together. He lacked the over-the-top energy and charisma necessary to pull off some of the antics. His emotional tachometer seemed to idle at 2500 rpm throughout the show. The other characters seem more like stereotypical set pieces.The MusicIndy rock I suppose? Usually mixed WAY TOO LOW. As a backdrop to the action it was one-dimensional and struggled to comment on the humor and antics.A Note on SoundPoor production sound and mic-ing hurt the dialogue. The room tone was uneven and the dialogue seemed at a distance. Further, the &#8220;walla&#8221;(BKG chatter), street and cafeteria backgrounds were not handled well leaving many scenes unnaturally quiet and bare.ConclusionIn this technological hi-tech age, the show never reached for the their inventions &#8220;wow factor&#8221;. It relied on more primitive wires and batteries, blinking lights and a laptop. The audience for this show will become much more interested if it can come up the something that looks like real awesome breakthroughs that gets the job done along with a boatload of clever set-ups and humor.
The show starts off slow and either there's a lot of foreshadowing going on or the plot is pretty transparent, not really sure which.  It just seems like a standard post-apocalypse scenario.  I'll watch it but it isn't on mi &#34;must see&#34; list.  If you are offended by foul language this is not something you want to watch.
Just finished watching season 6 on DVD. (I live in Europe and it has been out a few weeks already) Dumbest ideas ever in 24. Fox should definetely fire the writers! There got to be more qualified people out there?Don`t buy it. Rather buy season 5 (which was great)
After watching Transparent, I thought we were in for a really quality set of pilots this time around, but The Rebels brought me crashing down to earth. Natalie Zea is great but she deserves better than this. Everything about it is derivative, from the drugged-up monkey (which made me cringe) to the stereotyped people of color to the aging quarterback giving it one last shot. The idea that a woman being in charge of a football team is enough of a story in itself to build a TV show around might have been revolutionary in 1987, but it turns out, women like sports too. If you're a total bro who thinks the N-word is funny and loves nothing more than a simian in a diaper, you'll probably love it. But that's not a compliment.
While the concept of the show was unique and its potential was amazing the actual writing and plot development was disjointed and seemed contrived at times.  Some characters were introduced and then killed off so soon one wondered why they were even there.  Others started shallow and stayed there as the sister who was kidnapped and imprisoned.  She spent the entire first episodes screaming and nothing else to the point where I winced every time her character came on. Other people essential to the plot popped up out of nowhere and one wondered what was going on.  On a good note many of the characters were well done and the acting was first rate!
I enjoyed this short lived series but if is forgettable. I follows a well worn and used theme and structure. Butiful, competent, flawed wonan getting to the top teamed with a maverick detective fighting crime. The good guys win.
Nothing new here,. just boring, and the only good thing about it is Rebecca DeMornay, who is always great.
I enjoyed about 35% of the episodes. Frontline is pretty out dated. My favorite is Dateline, it gets 5stars. Enjoy real stories, like Frontline.
This show seemed interesting at first, but it just became boring after only a few episodes. I think if I still had cable and didn't have to pay per episode, I might watch it when nothing else was on. But at this price, it just isn't worth it to me.
I use the series to help me sleep. The plot and characters are pretty much the same...and on and on....
The plot line was a little contrived and hard to believe. After watching the first episode, I have no desire to see anymore of the series.
I saw a preview for this show on TV and was quite interested as a fan or crime drama/horror.  I bought the pilot episode and couldn't quite get into it for some reason.  I normally love crime drama and serial killer shows, but for some reason couldn't quite get into this show.  Maybe someday I'll give it a few more episodes but for now it remains unwatched.
This season is OK.....not as funny as the last. I am a HUGE the league fan. But, this one falls very short from the last 3 seasons. They are not nearly as funny as the prior ones. Save your money.
After not watching a rotation of Survivor since the All-Stars edition of 2004, I had some free time on my hands this fall and decided to jump back in.  After the initial excitement of watching the show again faded, I was quickly reminded of why I dropped out in the first place...until the final few episodes, when the drama kicks up to classic levels.The &#34;gimmick&#34; of this season revolves around loved ones.  One returning player this time brings along a loved one to play with/against depending on the tribal alignments.  Redemption Island is also brought back for this season, as is the hidden immunity idol.The trouble overall with this season is that its first half is quite bad.  It is all tears and whining.  The loved ones angle is (IMHO) a step back for this series, as it just leads to more contrived drama (something this show now produces enough of on its own).  I felt as if the &#34;what will my loved one think&#34; angle was beat over our heads time and time again.I also didn't like Redemption Island (this was the first season I've watched that featured its &#34;second chance&#34;).  The concept is novel, to be sure, but I liked the sheer drama of &#34;the tribe has spoken&#34; at each tribal council, with the voted-out party not being able to return.I really began enjoying this 27th season in the final four or so episodes, when all the chaff was cut away and it turned into the Survivor I remembered from years ago.  Thus, it turned into at least an &#34;okay&#34; season.  2.5 stars would have been my exact rating, but I'll bump it up to a three due to the final few hours of drama.Basically, I felt that there was just too doggone much going on in &#34;Blood vs Water&#34; and all the craziness overshadowed a show that even to this day can produce some real drama.  I hope that cycle #28 goes back to all (or mostly) new competitors and favors a more traditional show structure.  Go away from Redemption Island in favor of more inventive reward challenges, and just lighten things up again.  Survivor is always best when focusing on the human drama.  Why rely on gimmicks to overshadow it?
I'm a nerd and so I gravitated towards the hard science-y Annebots and Sara Solves It.  But I've heard STEM needs to be more STEAM, blending Art into the discipline, and I agree with that.It seems more like Little Einsteins (no, not Baby Einsteins) where it was taking hefty elementary school concepts and putting it onto a preschool skin.I liked the zen feel cutesy animation, but going into terms like pointilism was a little much -- seems too lectury and too deep.I'm still giving it 3 stars though.
Like most of the comments say,there is no substance,just eye candy.Like my parents used to say,if you want to watch something,watch a show where you can learn something from/that has a moral story.Most shows these days are glorifying pre-marital sex.In the real world,there are kids having kids,different daddies.But to each her own.
Season 6 is OK but the novelty is wearing off.  Jack is superhuman, of course.  Supporting characters Morris & Cloe are interesting. The rest are basic carryovers.  We will see if the new (12 hour) 'Live another day' comes up with something new.  I have been working my way through from season one over the last few months.  Could be better with long breaks between seasons so you get ready for a fresh Jack Attack fix?  That's how I see it.  Have fun watching!
After watching only the premier episode of Season 4, it's too early to know how the overall season will end up but it has certainly taken a dark, depressing turn at the start of the season. It's a combination of Nazi concentration camps and the French underground resistance from WWII. I hope it gets a little more upbeat as the season progresses.
Ultimate, Bigfoot research project checklist:- Trusty hand-held video-camera with limitless battery power...  Check!- The nave expectation Discovery Channel would buy my amateur documentary... Check!- Girlfriend tagging along knowing full well that there are no female Bigfoots...  Check!What begins as a tongue-in-cheek look at the strange, cultural fascination with giant, unconfirmed hominids stalking America's national forests turns into an amateur adventurer's worst nightmare.  Sort of wish Goldthwait would take this back to the studio and edit out about 10 minutes of the not-so-suspenseful "tent scene"; but I suppose that all the extra time spent with these two, likable characters (played by actual actors who can act) got me fairly invested in their fate whereas the last twenty minutes took a turn towards seriously creepy and had me scooting towards the edge of muh cushy seat.  :o)
Not really that good. It very often deteriorates into minutia. It seems to have no real direction for the plot.
I can't rate the second season, but I did enjoy the first season.The story, although a bit far fetched, is still credible,The characters, are three dimensional, and well acted. You won't go wrong by watching this series.
This ensemble cast shines together, even if the storylines grow stale. Looks like they're going to try something new, a little separation anxiety to keep the plates spinning next season.
This show is insipid, humorless, ridiculous and a total failure. Do not waste your time. Repeat..DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME
Despite a very good cast and clever stories, I just couldn't like the lead actor.  He looks like a runway model, first of all, and secondly his character is written as shallow, deceitful, self-absorbed, and manipulative.  He's just not likable.  Yet in every story the decent, caring, honest people all around him repeatedly overlook his betrayal of their trust!  He puts their careers, even their lives, in danger over and over again, but they accept his apology and go ahead and trust him again and again.  In real life he would be considered a sociopath and anyone involved with him would be a victim of his abusive, toxic personality.  Moving past the unpleasant lead character, let's talk about the women in his life.  All the women cast as his romantic interests are so thin as to look disturbingly anorexic.  Painfully scrawny, boney, and unhealthy.  Honestly, is this STILL the message we want to send to young women?  To starve themselves in order to be successful and desirable?  Despite the great supporting cast, I just couldn't continue to watch this, especially when there are so many other excellent programs available.
But poorly acted and directed.  Shame. The story line has a lot of potential but it seems the casting director missed the mark and mbecause it appears to be so poorly directed, the actors do not seem to have much to work wi\th.
she has to go.  need a more dyaminc character to work.  She just doesn't have the &#34;it&#34; factor.  Show will more then likely be cancelled because of her.
The entire Clara storyline is getting boring and this season is not holding me as well as other seasons have.  I really hope season 8 is better.
I bought a season pass to this by accident, and I am very sorry I did. The nicest thing I can say about this show is that it's marginally better than Agents of Shield. It's too bad really, because it has a good cast and I do like how they are trying to tell two stories at the same time, but the script writing and editing are lacking in continuity and common sense, and all the characters have the emotional maturity of eight year olds.I get that I'm not the target demographic for this show, but I'd like to think teenagers don't appreciate gaping plot holes and senseless melodrama either. :p
To begin, I'm not the biggest "alien" fan.  However, I absolutely love the "found footage" genre of films and will take a chance on pretty much any I come across.  Let me be clear, the problem with this movie ISN'T in the production, acting, sound, or anything of that nature.  The problem I had with the film was the fact that I just didn't find it all that interesting.  Honestly, I'm not 100% sure what could have been done to remedy this problem?  The entire movie is based on "found footage" recorded by the youngest member of the Morris family, Riley (Riley Polanski).  Riley suffers from a form of autism and the video camcorder helps him cope with the world around him.  It's a pretty straight forward ride here.The Morris family is on vacation and decides to take a trip to Brown Mountain in North Carolina.  While camping one night, Riley is awaken by strange lights.  He wakes his brother, Corey (Corey Eid) and sister, Jillian (Jillain Clare) to inspect what he is looking at.  Three lights appear in the sky overhead and quickly shoot out of sight.  This is apparently an ongoing phenomenon that occurs in North Carolina and is simply known as the Brown Mountain Lights.Riley continues to film the vacation and eventually the family gets lost in twisty mountain roads.  When they come upon a tunnel, they discover numerous cars that have been vacated suddenly and are blocking the road ahead.  When their dad, Peter (Peter Holden) gets out to inspect, the 3 guys head inside while Jillian and her mom, Katie (Katherine Sigismund) go for a bathroom break.  While inside the tunnel the 3 come face to face with the problem.From here on out, it's basically footage of Riley and family rushing around and LOTS of super bright, blue lights shining through a variety of objects.  There is around 5 minutes of actual "alien" shots and about 1 minute of the "abduction".  Just seemed to me that I spent 95% of the movie WAITING for something to happen and when it finally did, it was over.Final Verdict:  PASS!If this review has helped you, please click the "yes" button below to let me know.  And be sure to go on my profile and check out my other movie reviews.  Thanks.
This is a potentially horrifying story about a little island whose children suddenly turn vicious and deadly.  A vacationing couple tries to find a way out before they too are killed.Some questions needed to be answered:  what caused this problem?  Is it going to be spread everywhere?  Why did the couple choose this crummy place for a getaway, esp. with the woman being 7 months pregnant with 2 kids back home?
I don't know if Paul W.S. Anderson is a just a lousy director or maybe it is that he just doesn't know when he's reading a lousy script. Either way this is the next in his line of stinkers.Here's the scoop. Milo (Kit Harington), as a young boy, sees his family and village slaughtered by Roman soldiers. He's put into slavery, raised as a gladiator of exceptional skill and makes his way from the British Isles to Pompeii because it's a better venue. All sorts of things happen to him when he arrives.I simply couldn't believe it. Not only have most seasoned viewers seen this all before, they've seen it better. This lifted elements directly from, &#34;Spartacus&#34; (both the film and the TV series), &#34;Gladiator&#34; and others. You have the young Turk going up against the lifer. The young princess shunning the advances of the Roman upper-up while falling for the lowly gladiator. All manner of political intrigue ensues and a looming volcano set to go off at any minute.The acting is generally good, though Keifer Sutherland was miscast as Corvus, the Roman heavyweight. Carrie Ann Moss had way too small a role. I wonder why she even bothered. Jared Harris could have used a few more lines as well. The directing was decent enough, as were the other production values. This is interesting in and of itself because I didn't recognize the names of any of the main production people. Most of the effects were good but some stuck (stunk) out as suspect. I AM glad they chose a more realistic ending. But by then it was too little too late.I guess there might have been little or nothing that could have been done in trying to write a story around the erupting of a volcano. But I can't imagine this is the best that could be done. This is a waste of time and money. Don't bother.
Season 5 does not have the original flavor of the past 4 seasons. Sorry but somewhere here the writing changed and became tired to my viewing.I can't quite put my finger on it but it feels like the acting is forced. The kids have grown up but the writing has not evolved with their basic personalities and adapted. The Americanization of Gloria has wiped out the character. Sorry but it's true. The change in hair color took away the original Gloria. Nerdy lovable Phil feels forced, there's no reason for this sitcom Dad to change cause the kids grew up. Alex the middle sister has grown so much I hardly recognize her. The writing needs to be adapted to this. What happened to the great humor? Did the original writers get fired or something? I don't know, I was disappointed when I watched a few episodes of season 5. But Seasons 1,2, 3 and 4 are gems to enjoy forever!
My Ghost Story is supposed to be a collection of true stories told by the people they happened to. There is nothing very exciting about the filming, special effects, atmosphere. Nothing impressive about the series in my opinion.
Story line is slow developing and the use of period English slang makes some of the dialog difficult to follow. I gave up after the first episode.
not that entertaining.  Taking place at a teen party, the film centers around a time warp and doubles enter of another enter in.
Somebody has to say itAMC's The Walking Dead has without a doubt worn out it's welcomeSeason Four Episode One: maybe one of the worst "attempts" to do Strong Awesome tvHow on earth did the big wigs at AMC let this episode through (They are just drunk off there ego & Hype!)I Loved the Zombie Genre way before it became this "Marketing" Monsterwatching the episode from Sunday "30 Days without a Accident"Made me uncomfortable and ashamed of where the so-called Zombie Craze has goneZombies selling Microsoft Products, and buying Cell phones really???The walking dead has become a parody of itselfGreg Nicotero taking over Directing the showJesus I guess Greg forgot where he came fromThe opening scene came off very familiarCause they ripped-of Day of the dead once againInstead of just doing a slight gag with Zombies falling through the Ceiling they just kept going with it way to many times to a point it became like a "Bad" Three Stooges bit!Way to much CGI Gore effects and a Green Screen phony looking helicopter falling trough a ceiling ReallyThought i was walking The Naked GunThe whole episode over-all is just presented in this very lazy weak story driven ideaThat has lasted way to bloody LongHow much longer til a Zombie Michael Jackson or Amy Winehouse make a cameo (Product placement Gotta Luv it)and yes i know The 4th Season pulled in crazy ratings SundayBut, let's be honest Keeping Up with the Kardashians and Duck Dynasty pull in Big Ratings too!Doesn't mean muchI think I'm just washing my hands of this "Garbage" they wanna convince it's so cutting edge & originalAMC pick where you are going with this show either over the top bad comedy or over the top "very fake" looking Torture pornyou can't have it both waysOf Curse you can't say one bad thing about the golden child That is "The Walking Dead"But, good good it's pure nonsensical  Junk tv at it's worst!@ this point Porn Studios can write better story driven films that this showFor those die hard fan boys Yes I'm just jealousCause it's so hard to Rip-off Lucio Fulci , George A. Romero and Dan O'Bannon among others.....AMC you cancel Something Special like The Killing but, put this out so lame and unoriginal You AMC Suck!Bring in Romero as the show runner.......
Interesting idea, decent special effects. Though it reminds me of theThe Blair Witch Project, which I did not much like.Very clever ending though.
I caught some grief with my initial review--with good cause.  I returned and carefully watched all of the first episode and have revised my rating to 3 stars.  It was okay--but formulaic and hurried.  The main female lead's acting began rather stilted but was beginning to improve as the episode progressed.  The predictable "hunk" with the 2012 police force, linked with the usual gun battle, the lame interrogation scene, and the gimmicky body suit, left me cold.  The characters needed much more early development so we actually cared about any of them, and were basically one-dimensional.  Perhaps subsequent episodes will eventually get to working on this.  Sure, it's science fiction and not expected to be reality-based, but the wildly improbable scene where a group execution turned inexplicably into time travel, left me groaning and rolling my eyes.  Way more background leading up to this would have been very welcome to make it more plausible.  The time travelers are a stereotypic group of personality-disorderd misfits and, even though they are presumably the "good guys", none were in the least bit likeable or sufficiently intelligent to have ever invented time travel.  I plan to try episode 2 but if the superficial plot and shallow characterization doesn't pick up soon, it may be my last.
This is a conventional story about a former award winning writer of western novels.  Monte Wildhorn (Morgan Freeman) has given up writing and has become an alcoholic.  He hasn't written since his wife's death 6 years earlier.  He's confined to a wheel chair as the result of an auto accident years before that.  His nephew (Kenan Thompson) arranges to have him stay for the summer at a lake house in upstate New York.His neighbor is about-to-be-divorced Charlotte (Virginia Madsen) and her 3 daughters who range in age from about 7 to 15.  The middle girl (Emma Fuhrmann) who is "9 " is particularly interested in how Monte creates stories.  She insists on paying him her savings (about $38) if he will tutor her.  This film is full of sugary sweetness, emotion, sentimentality and has the ability to coax moisture from tear ducts.  And it's no secret where the story's going. So what!  It's all worth it to watch the always good Madsen and especially Freeman, do their thing.  Listening and watching Freeman deliver the eloquent words of co-writers Rob Reiner and Guy Thomas are enough for me.  This is a soft, gentle story that many will enjoy.
I have to agree with reviewer Neil Bergman where he states; &#34;It's a combination of Nazi concentration camps and the French underground resistance from WWII.&#34; The series is getting well to the point that it is no longer believable sci-fi, which is the kind that I like most. If you replace the enemies here with Nazis, etc., it might as well pass as a WWII drama. At this point, there are too many subplots to follow, and to me, the whole youth Nazi camp brain washing thing is a bit much for me. I will give it a couple of more episodes, but I am quickly loosing interest.Since I no longer have cable, I have to pay for it here on Amazon Prime Video since Hulu+ does not carry it, or wait a while and watch it on TNT's website with ads. So, this had get more interesting to me or I will cancel my TV pass for this season. Falling Skies Season Four; the skies are falling indeed!
I have to admit when I first started watching this show I was prepared to dislike it intensely. I'm not a huge zombie fan to begin with, too much grossness what with falling body parts and their predeliction to snacking on the living plus the screaming just doesn't usually make for the kind of entertainment I enjoy. But the Walking Dead Season 1 charmed me enough with it's believable, intriguing characters and end of the world as we know it depiction to get into watching it. And I found myself enjoying it immensely even though I had to hold a pillow in my lap to block out the more squeem-inducing moments. (If you've seen the show you know what I'm talking about)Season 2 was equally great, more so since now we knew the characters enough to care about their fates and/or even be annoyed by some while growing to love others. WARNING: SPOILER ALERT HERE - But then when Shane died at the end of Season 2 I thought, "Uh-oh, am I going to even like Season 3?" Granted while Shane wasn't the greatest humanitarian he was THE main source of the internal conflict amongst the group. It made watching the series so worth it for me since I was by turns fascinated, frightened and even sometimes sympathetic of his hoped for role as savior and hero being upstaged repeatedly by his best friend, Rick. It's enough to drive a man mad and sure enough that's what happened to Shane and then Rick, every the shining hero put an end to Shane's life. And sadly the best source of internal conflict on the show too. This left me wondering what Season 3 would bring. I heard about Michonne and that seemed like a good thing. A kickbutt woman with a katana? How cool will that be, right?And then Season 3 arrived and with it my feelings of growing...boredom. Sadly Michonne's character is taking forever to develop and sorry, but having the actress run around looking angry all the time while not saying much does not endear her to me. I know Michonne's a strong, silent warrior type, but I don't know why since she's just not been given the time and attention her character needs to take it's place in the overall story. The Governor is also boring since again we know he's a bad guy who seems charming on the surface, but not really why outside of the usual cliched "former nobody finds himself in power and aims to keep it that way no matter who he has to mow down along the way" villian. And the survivors themselves haven't really gained much in the way of new developments either. All of this leads to a not very compelling story to watch and maybe it's just me, but I find myself having to use the pillow in my lap alot more this season. Even in places where I don't think we should have to like did we really have to see Hershel's foot getting cut off? That coupled with the fact that things just keep getting worse and worse and worse and there's no real reason to care or goal to be had makes me feel that this story is simply another one of the walking dead, shuffling along with a blank stare on its collective face. And I'm so jaded by this point I just dance out of the zombie's way a little bit then don't even bother with the head shot since it really just isn't anything I'm interested in dealing with now. For me anyways, this show is dead.
The series has been going at it for years now, but the fixation on keeping production costs low has damaged the feel and substance of the show.  Sad to see a good idea decline.
I'm always looking out for a menacing or cerebral Mars film and this film met my needs, although coming up short in at least two major areas. Starting with the negative aspects first, the movie was filmed poorly. I don't mind the shaky camera technique once in a while but this film over used it, and in an amateurish way. I was also frustrated by an often tight camera look that cried out for an "un-zooming."I watched this non blu ray and the DVD picture quality was hazy and disappointing.  It took something very interesting for me to muddle through these serious drawbacks, and that was the well done high tension and Mars atmosphere. Is it Mars on a grand scale? No, but its effective enough to carry the story.You've probably read the "zombies on Mars" reviews and I can't entirely disagree. I just felt these bacteria infected creatures had an original look that aided in keeping me watching. Obviously the actors are almost completely British, and being an American,the dialogue was a bit unclear, but that was also due to mumbling. I used the subtitles and I didn't hate the script.The film is actually strangely compelling while showing its cheap attributes in the filming process which is odd from my perspective. I think the film opened up some potential for higher tech Mars horror/sci-fi films. There is a demand for it and "The Last Days On Mars" explores that opportunity.Oh, what was the movie about? A good old Mars bacteria and a crew that deals with the shear horror of it. Fun and effectively scary stuff even with its shortcomings. The DVD contains some surprisingly in depth behind the scenes extras, especially for a Red Box rental that has of late been removing ( or unable to supply) extras from their discs.
Although this movie appeared at various international film festivals in 2010, it didn't show up in America until the spring of 2011.  Twenty-somethings Joanna (Keira Knightley) and Michael (Sam Worthington) have been married for a couple years but have known each other "since college."  By all accounts they are happy but when they attend a cocktail party sponsored by Michael's boss (Anson Mount), Joanna learns that Michael has been working with a new employee (Eva Mendes).  She is sophisticated and beautiful and Michael never mentioned her.After a fight that night, Michael leaves on a business trip with his associate Andy (Daniel Eric Gold) and yep, Laura (Mendes).  At this point, we're not sure if Joanna should be worried as Michael appears to be honest with his wife.  After Michael leaves, Joanna goes down the block from her cool Manhattan apartment to get some coffee and runs into an old flame from Paris (Guillaume Canet).  Wow, what a coincidence!  He invites her out to dinner with another couple.  She primps and purrs but we're not sure if she's on the prowl or just wants a little flirtatious attention.One of the best characters in this movie is one of the friends played by Griffin Dunne.  He gives Joanna and Alex (Canet) the third degree but does it in such a playful, inventive way it doesn't seem overly intrusive or personal.  From here director/writer Massy Tadjedin goes back and forth in scenes between the 2 couples and the will they or won't they conflict.  When asked by Laura, as they paddle about a hotel swimming pool in their underwear, as to whether Michael is happy with his marriage, he responds, "You can be happy and still be tempted."  Great line.Without giving away too much, I've always wondered which is worse in terms of marriage fidelity.  To do everything emotionally romantic both physically and mentally except engage in an actual sex act and remain technically faithful or have meaningless sex.  For the most part, Ms. Tadjedin keeps things in balance but I suspect this film will have more appeal to the fairer sex.As far as the Blu ray quality, it is a 1080p in a 2.39:1 aspect ratio.  It looks great.  Much is shot at night and in a dark indoor setting, so your display's black levels will be tested.  Watch in a dark room if you can.  The DTS HD MA 5.1 sound is also clear and concise but this movie is a talkie, so much won't be happening in the surrounds save the beautiful soundtrack.
Another of the History Channel's increasing roster of infotainment programs, "America's Book of Secrets" is one that is decidedly hit or miss.  Playing up speculation, myth, and even scandal, the show aims to be somewhat provocative but, more often the not, comes across as a bit silly.  I mean, really, there is an episode about the Playboy Mansion!  I certainly don't have anything against Hef and the girls, but the episode seems ill-fitting at best and completely overblown at worst.  And for a show that promises secrets, many of the episodes offer very little new material (especially if you have a pre-existing interest in and knowledge of the topic).  Instead of straightforward profiles, in most cases the show attempts to sensationalize its subjects.  So we've got myth and speculation, conspiracy theories, and factual specifics all wrapped up in a docuseries that is overflowing with self importance.  If you watch History Channel offerings with frequency, you'll know what I mean.  Even the most mundane declarations are stated in such an overheated way!  It can be off-putting to new viewers, but it's something that has provided much amusement in my life.I'm not trying to discourage anyone from sampling "America's Book of Secrets" as it might appeal to those that love the National Treasure films or Dan Brown books or Brad Meltzer's Decoded.  I'm just trying to set appropriate expectations for new viewers of History fare.  The program is fun enough, but it works much better as entertainment (to my mind) than as a source of real information.DVD Specifics:  The set features the ten episodes of Season One plus the Bonus Special that launched the entire enterprise (let's just call it eleven episodes for the sake of ease) spread over 3 discs.  Each show clocks in at around 47 minutes so you're getting roughly 8.5 hours of material including the added bonus show.  The DVD has English and Spanish subtitle options.Episodes:(1) The White House, (2) Free Masons, (3) Fort Knox, (4) Area 51, (5) The Playboy Mansion, (6) Presidential Transports, (7) The FBI, (8) West Point, (9) Black Ops, and (10) The Pentagon.Bonus Episode: The MonumentsIf you are completely unfamiliar with the History series format, I might suggest sampling an episode (they repeat with frequency) before making the full investment.  My guess, this will either really appeal to you or it will really not.  While I enjoyed some of the episodes more than others, the series never really qualified as must-see destination television for me.  KGHarris, 9/12.
The premise is interesting: Soviet agents, fluent in English, in fake marriages, under deep cover, posing as a &#34;typical&#34; American family.However, how long can you play the game, what's more, what does the game playing do to you as a person and to your &#34;spouse&#34;, andyour children, if you had them with the &#34;spouse&#34;? Conversely, if you are in counterintelligence (FBI agent) trying to go tit-for-tat with theRussian spies, what does that game do to you and to your family? Sadly, in both cases the outcomes are disheartening, men (and women)turning from decent to vicious, from persons to monsters. The more I watched the more irritated I became. Then there is the authenticity (believability) angle: a spy's life is inversely proportional to his (her) achievements, the more active the spy is the greater the chance thelaw enforcement will catch up to the spy. This is not what is being portrayed here, the &#34;family&#34; leads a charmed life, taking crazy risks andcoming out on top, a little too hard to believe.
Based on the other reviews I read, I expected something as intriguing as 'The Killing'.  The female lead in this show is annoying and distracting.  What a disappointment.  If you want a good show, don't waste your time with this one.
Dysfunctional people leading dysfunctional lives...again. No one to care about, no apparent point to anything, just more garbage on TV. Skip it.
I LOVE this series. I HATE the way the "suits" let this end. 5 stars for the series... ZERO stars for the "SUITS"! It was such a disappointment to see the episodes again and see the story heat up, only to be kicked in the teeth by corporate greed at the end... This isn't even a cliffhanger... this is just waking up in the middle of a dream and never knowing the whole story...
the first season is interesting,  but not compelling. the premise, to start, was not very believable. later it begins to make more sense.
I usually love Robin Williams, which is why we started watching it.  But it was so depressing that we turned it off about 15 minutes into the movie.  It may say hilarious, but the whole time we saw it, there was not one funny line.
The unusual use of the victim's voice is the only thing that saves this show from the dull normal level of story telling in most of the reality TV shows out now.  It is still maddening to spend most of the show recycling a few scenes from different angles although editing does seem a bit better than average.  Not worth my effort to see again.
Very funny show.  Intelligent witty family.  I cannot afford the cost of the prime membership and to pay individually for the episodes.  But if they were included in my membership I would definitely watch.
Good premise. gets old and goes nowhere. good stories but very predictable. watched about five or six episodes before figuring out that each episode is pretty much a one-off.
If you really want to see a psychological character study on nymphomania, watch the movie Shame, directed by Steve McQueen. This movie was laborious on every level. So, why the two stars? Uma Thurman! She was the one bright spot in this entire dark mess. Her 10 minute performance was perfection!Maybe Part 2 will reveal  more, but sadly, I won't waste my time seeing it. I enjoy Lars Von Trier's other works, this one was a huge disappointment. First comparing her disease with fly fishing. Then the short vignettes with the mother and father. A little more needed to be brought out in this movie to help explain why Jo is the way she is.Don't waste your time on this, watch Shame instead!
We did not think this was Gere's career-high.  Sarandon, usually wonderful, didn't have enough to do and appeared to phone this in. Big waste of money - don't fall for the great reviews.
This was a horrible waste of $9.99 for a "pre-theatrical" rental.  If this movie ever comes out in a theater, I'd be quite shocked more by that than anything in the movie.It was so stupid and poorly done on all levels, that I watched most of it on FF just to get through it in case somehow all this tied together with something more than the ending it did have.As someone else aptly put in the title of their review..."This movie sucks".  I agree.But to each their own.I've seen several posts praising this movie for being "daring", "innovative", "superb" even.  Did we watch the same movie?!?!  Wow!Now THAT would be a terrific gimmick...Different movies all under the same title, and a random pick by a computer which one you actually get to see.  This way you'd have to find out how many different ones there are, and then hope you rent enough times to see them all.  I'm fairly certain the movie "Clue" did something like this in the theaters each having different endings of "whodunit".  The DVD shows all the endings the movie actually had.  Now that was a well done fun movie based off of a fun board game.There ya have it...simple and to the point.  Let's see how many call me names for writing this review?I guess based on those other reviews we'll all just have to wait until Hollywood finds a well-written horror comic book to make into the next awesome movie.  Why not do a GOOD Vampirella movie since we've got the whole supernatural being thing going hot & heavy with True Blood, Supernatural, The Vampire Diaries, etc., etc.  The original was terrible, but it is a cult classic.  Just sayin'...
"Why Stop Now" is a comedy-drama in which a simple trip to an audition becomes a life-changing adventure.  Piano prodigy Eli Bloom (Jesse Eisenberg) is on his way to the most important audition of his life, but first he has to drop off his mother, Penny (Melissa Leo), at a drug rehab center.Since Penny is not quite high enough to be admitted, mother and son end up at the door of her dealer, Sprinkles (Tracy Morgan).  Since Penny is in debt and Sprinkles is low on product, Eli must play negotiator as the unlikely team hits the streets.  A series of comic misadventures ensues, perhaps too many to make the events even passably possible.  The cast is in top form, however, though each of the principals has been showcased far better in other projects.Bonus extras on the Blu-ray release include a making-of featurette, interview with Tracy Morgan, and theatrical trailer.
If you like Christopher Guest and friends you'll like this one.  He guest starts along with Lenny from Laverne & Shirley..
Worth one watch and that is about it.  It is has a few good moments but not much more.  could have been a good flick.
I was un-happy about the movie that I ended it early on. I like moore action films then this movie.
If this was a spoof on exorcist/possession movies it might have been marginally acceptable. But, outside of the frequent profanities and really bad fakey vomiting, well pretty boring. Unless you like bad makeup and lots of throwing Holy water around.
It was good I guess I expected more but it was entertaining. I would recommend it but not strongly.  It was okay.
The show would have been better if it were only one hour.  It drags out to fill the time slot and I lose interest.
I watched this show, right up until Phil's interview with GQ. How can anyone, ANYONE, claim that African Americans were &#34;happy, happy, happy&#34; under the Jim Crow laws? How can anyone, ANYONE, be so hateful about people who identify as LGBT? I will never watch again. Feel free to hate on this review. Just because some people agree with him doesn't make it right.
It may be true how some of our representatives act in Washington; however, I don't think that it needs to be thrown in our face.  I honestly believe there are many of our representatives that attempt to do a good day's work without all the bad language and disgusting habits.  If this is Hollywood's way of depicting Washington, I want nothing of it.  These writers need to go back to their muses and begin again, i.e. Mr. Smith goes to Washington.  Don't give our bad side a voice.
The show is created with limited video footage and there is too much repetition of scenes to fill in time.  That is the only negative.  It is a good show revealing the day to day struggles of surviving in the mountains.
It's alright like I said in my title I just have a hard time not seeing him as Hank since both series are still on. It's maybe a little bit to spread out, but I'm sure they'll bring it all together at the end. Watched part of the Simpson's Movie. Wow what a coincidence.
I like this show, though it is pretty low budget. The hosts show bravery in investigating many of these paranormal entities and creatures.
Really wanted to like this show, however, it just never came together.  Hard to care about people you wish would have died.  The only redeeming factor - the ending.  Sorry there are other MUCH better shows doing this type of stuff.
"Vengeance is mine," saith somebody.... I'm sure I read it somewhere. That's what this is all about. We are in the desolate Australian Outback ten years after "the global collapse" (shades of "The Road Warrior"), where director David Michd ("Animal Kingdom") working from a story by Joel Edgerton (better known as an actor "The Great Gatsby") generates a grim, sweaty ordeal with premier performances from his two lead actors.The cast:* Guy Pearce ("Priscilla, Queen of the Desert"...smile... I'll bet you forgot) lost everything in the latest economic catastrophe, and now he has lost his last possession of any value...his car. This is a man capable of sudden violence and unexpected mercy. The versatile Pearce is wonderful as a taciturn loner/rover in this role.* Robert Pattinson ("Twilight") is a wounded gang member, left behind to die by his brother. If he isn't retarded, at least he's "simple." Pattinson plays him slightly squirrelly, shambling, always in motion, with little facial twitches; none of these actions are overt, just tiny parts of the whole. I have never been a Pattinson fan, but he is affecting in this one.In my opinion this bleak, violent, suspenseful story is made believable by two highly capable actors. I was impressed by Edgerton's creation of such a resolute hero, even though he begins with a clich&eacute;d post-apocalyptic setting. In the very last scene we finally see why our rover was so determined to get his car back. The DVD from Amazon will answer the question for you, too.Would I see it again? Absolutely not.
Fell asleep watching it. It was rather boring. Don't remember what it was about because it was so boring. Sorry.
The second season is not as good as the first. The plots have some minor flaws in it. But it is good entertainment.
Interesting idea- these actors are well known and almost all of them appear to be acting really badly- at times it seems like they want the show to tank.A bloodier, much, much less funny Barney Miller I'm sorry to say-B U T - I'll probably watch more episodes ... so there must be SOMETHING I see in it
While there was always a little sexual undertone with the tension between Penny and the others, this season has become a non-stop barrage of sexual innuendo and jokes.  It is unnecessary.
Great story idea.  Great ensemble of actors.  Terrible script, editing, WAY of telling the story.  Puts one to sleep, no identification with the characters, no backstory to justify hanging in to watch during the long mimic-BBC pauses with the meaningful looks.  Yawn.A Gary Oldman or Alec Guinness or Ian X (really, any of the 'Ian' actors we all know and love), can hold the viewer's interest, during long Brit-like pregnant pauses and silences, which alike baffle the average audience.  Yet actors you rarely see on TV or film, need something more;  they need LINES, or at least meaningful blocking.  Since these long pauses and silences don't seem to add to the plot at all, and since there is no backstory to establish empathy with the characters, one is left waiting waiting waiting for something to be said or done to justify watching further.Some of the reviewers are all happy about the sophistication in the storyline.  Yeah, but if you're watching paint dry for most of each episode, the sophistication doesn't 'pay off'.  We don't need car chases and shoot-em-ups, we need MORE LINES.  Shakespeare knew that.  So why didn't the script writer, here?  Who messed up this good story?So I forced myself to get through the series.  So I don't wonder why AMC pulled the plug.  It's bad scripting and bad film editing; not the acting, and not the plot.  WAY TOO SLOW, people.  WAY TOO LACKING in lines, subplots unexplored, so of course the viewer will be bored.  Were I a potential commercial sponsor, I wouldn't want my commercials playing during this show, due to its snoozy presentation.  Not fair to the actors or the plot, either.  A story which needs to be explored (whether plausible or not) -- just got wasted.  Pity.FIX IT, please, and redo so the audience can follow along, cut all those long meaningless pauses with headshots, substitute meaningful dialog instead, so the audience can connect the dots.  People like whodunits, that's the most popular story format since the Garden of Eden.Then, you'll get a good audience.
I was irritated from the first moments by the music.  After 10 or 15 minutes of asking ourselves &#34;what the hell?&#34;, we turned it off, never to return I suspect.  Sorry - not our thing.
If your into history you'll love this!!! ***** for all seasons!! It's a must see. Not for younger children!!! I love to see how people lived in the 1700's.
This serries is OK, but it really lacks the substance that Criminal Minds, MI-5, CSI or Alias has.  The list goes on. When is the second season of Bones and Criminal Minds coming out?
My wife and I turned Browsers off just 10 minutes into the show.  We couldn't watch another minute.  Bad songs, bad dialogue, bad characters.
The shows selected would stop and go with my system; PC-DSL. LO is the show for me and why you might asked? I once wore a &#34;Badge&#34;, I served with honor and respect and proud to have served.
This was quite possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen  and I very much regret spending the money for it. I had high hopes for it because of the actors involved but we stopped watching because of how totally stupid it was.  It was a total waste of money and time.  It was just unbelievably bad.
This is one of the worst foreign films of the year in my opinion. Definitely skip it cause there are much better ones out there to be viewed.
this is a well crafted but otherwise unremarkable film. statham veered for a while into kickboxing capers with strong third world potential, but this film (and "parker" even more) suggest he is trying to carry his brand into more substantial roles. it has most of the standard action film elements -- rising from degradation to heroism, a forbidden romance that has no future, the revenge of an innocent's death at the hands of an evil man, and a few well choreographed villain stomping sequences -- but the film has the relaxed pace of a romantic drama, and statham shows he can project a range of complex emotions with strength and understatement. he and the director seem to have really clicked, the pairing with the luminous and birdlike agata buzek creates an unusually interesting romantic subplot (especially as both are haunted by the past), and the cinematography, alternating between darkness and light, skillfully responds to the moods of the story.
I do enjoy this show, but it would have to group it among my guilty pleasures. The tone is somewhat uneven and the show does fail to provide those moments that will make you have to watch the next week. A bit campy at times, which does help overall, I'll be interested to see if the second season is any better than the first.
Racial stereotypes;  Barbie doll athletic widow.  This could be the makings of a standard Hollywood high concept meme.  With work and some honest scriptwriting this has some promise.  Makes me wish Hollywood could try a little BBC casting where actors look like real people and not photoshopped dolls.  I would watch more if the plot progresses but I'm concerned about where this will go and grow.
I loved House of Cards.  Why?  Because it has truly engaging characters that continue to reveal the complexity of their inner turmoil while trying to maintain a public persona - cognitive dissonance on steroids.  But other than one word in both their titles the similarity ends there.  I've managed to make it through the pilot and first couple episodes and will finish it up this weekend but not particularly excited and if anything comes along more interesting, like vacuuming the den, I may just miss it.Which is odd because I love Gary Trudeau and have tended to appreciate almost every role John Goodman has played as he brings a certain je ne sais quoi to each role that makes him the standout character.But trying to make dysfunctional conservatives huggable and likeable is a tall task.  So far I find their personal character flaws just as annoying on the big screen as in Congress itself.There's just no way to make psychopaths loveable.  Oh, wait, Dexter and Breaking Bad, kind of.This should be called Old Frat House as we see grown men navigating their lives with the same level of skill and nuance of a freshman frat party.
This second season has the characters stuck in Neverland, and it drags on and on.Sorry to say that i lost interest.
The show has some funny gags. But focusing on one party, really a bad idea. If they had two houses with a set of democratic and a set of republicans, or mixed them in a house it would have been better. I am all for political satire, but even the Colbert report, and The Daily Show go after both parties. Honestly I am not sure what it was, but I felt venom in the jokes, not satire. I sort of felt like I was watching a 1938 comedy out of Germany depicting jews, or a cold war era comedy stereotyping Warsaw pact nations peoples, or a black face play in the 1920's, or a 1950's kids cartoon stereotyping indians, or asians. You get the idea.If they went after all sides, like all successful political satires do I would approve. But in it's current form, it is really not something I want to see more of. They should have taken more inspiration from the late George Carlin.
Explanation For Lower Rating:I'm not sure what the History Channel is doing with their DVD releases this year, but it is certainly a step in the wrong direction.  When they released "Pawn Stars: Volume Three," many people assumed that the show would be Season Three as the other two seasons of the program had been released in their entirety.  It was, in fact, only sixteen episodes.  When they released "American Pickers: Volume Two," it was the same thing.  Season One had been released with all episodes, but this Volume Two was only eight episodes of Season Two.  I know some people that preordered sight unseen, or just weren't paying attention, felt a little shortchanged by these smaller portions as opposed to what they had assumed were full season DVD releases.  Personally, I didn't agree with the decision--but, at least, the DVD packaging was very clear about what was included.  Anyone who read the box knew what to expect--how many episodes and which ones, so it wasn't a blind investment!Not so for "American Restoration, Volume One!"  I am sitting here with the DVD in hand and nowhere does it say how many episodes are inside.  Never mind that it doesn't list them (which in my opinion it should if it is not a Complete Season package)--it doesn't even tell you how many episodes you are getting.  I suppose I'm supposed to look at the running time and do some estimated mathematics?  I know this may seem trivial to some or that I'm overreacting, but I think the company owes potential buyers this information.  My lower rating, therefore, reflects the History Channel's (or A&E; Networks distributing) apparent disregard for its own fan base.  I don't like to make purchases without knowing exactly what I'm paying for!I, however, will tell you what is inside.  The 2 DVD set has sixteen episodes:  all four from the abbreviated Season One and the first twelve from Season Two.  Really, how hard would it have been to include the fact that there were sixteen episodes on the DVD box?Season One: (1) Hopalong Rock, (2) Ice Cold, (3) Lights Out, and (4) Buttered Up.Season Two: (1) Cooler Kings, (2) Knockout, (3) Duck and Cover, (4)Pumped Up, (5) Space Kowboy, (6) Jackpot, (7) Safe Keeping, (8) Suck Up, (9) Rev'd Up, (10) Apples and X-Rays, (11) Hot & Cold, and (12) Secret Fan.Actual Review:I will be brief in my actual review since I already went on a tirade.  "American Restoration" is an offshoot of the popular "Pawn Stars," and fits comfortably into the History Channel's stable of reality based programming.  Its star (Rick Dale) made semi-regular appearances on that program, but now we get a closer look at what he does.  Based in Las Vegas, Dale and team locate objects that might be of value (or represent lost bits of Americana) and figure out ways to restore the item to its former glory.  It's an easy show to like and fascinating especially if you enjoy antiquing or modern day treasure hunting shows (Pawn Stars, Storage Wars and others).  I found it very interesting to see the different techniques of this unusual art form--and I do think Dale is an artist!  The program itself merits four stars.  KGHarris, 11/11.
I fell asleep watching it and won't watch anymore episodes if they decide to make more.  What I stayed awake for seemed to be well made though.
I REALLY wanted to like this movie.  I like Elijah Wood and John Cusack, both,...so for me, this was a pretty easy choice.  Unfortunately, the story just doesn't have the same quality as the actors that starred.The movie follows famed pianist, Tom Selznick (Wood), in his attempt to make a come back following a 5 year hiatus.  He had apparently attempted to play "The Impossible Piece" during his last live performance and hit the wrong notes causing him a breakdown and a newly acquired bout of stage fright.  His wife, Emma (Kerry Bish&eacute;), is a world famous actress that has set her sights on fixing his problem.  She sets up a symphony in honor of his recently deceased mentor, Patrick Godureaux (Jack Taylor) with Reisinger (Don McManus) acting as Conductor for the performance.  As Tom begins to play he sees strange markings in his sheet music.  After he begins reading, he is instructed to rush to his dressing room during a "down moment" in the piece, where he finds an ear piece which he then uses to communicate with Clem (Cusack), the man behind the strange writing.  Clem informs him that he MUST play "The Impossible Piece" at the end of the show to perfection or both he and his wife will die.Sounds interesting, right?  I sort of thought so too.  Of course, I also took into consideration the level of acting that was involved in the picture.  Unfortunately, they must have seen more than I did in the final product.  The movie, while interesting at times, is just too ridiculous to be believable.*******SPOILERS*******Apparently, Clem is a locksmith.  And having done work for the late Patrick Godureaux, he installed a lock inside his famous Grand Piano that only someone able to actually play, The Impossible Piece, could open.  Apparently, there are only 2 people that have this ability:  Godureaux and Tom Selznick.  Since Godureaux is dead, that only leaves Tom.  If this were the case, Clem (as an apparent MASTER locksmith(?)) could either break into the late Godureaux's estate and dismantle the piano for the key hidden within, or simple pick the lock that the key opens?  At the very least, couldn't he just have gotten Selznick alone and had him play it that way?  Either way, the whole plot seemed WAY to far fetched for my taste.  Besides, the contents of the safe are never revealed.******* END SPOILERS*******Final Verdict:  PASS!  You WILL be disappointed.If this review has helped you, please click the "yes" button below to let me know.  Thanks.
I wouldn't waste the money on this season, a lot of shameless sponsor plugs-it gets annoying, the challenges don't make sense-they seem overly silly and made up for TV, the judges are too nice, and I wish they brought back Gunner and had a judging panel of &#34;all stars&#34; and a cast of people who didn't win...now that combination would make for good TV!
The wear and tear of attempting writers seems to show by the end of the third season on any show. I think our favorite character is running out of steam --- becoming too real -- becoming the steriotypical cop who crosses a line.
A potentially good story, good premise, however the producers once again succumbed to using &#34;lessons in how to perform sexually&#34; in order to capture the attentions of those who still need these lessons.  Oh, how I wish a story could be told without the explicit demonstrations of all types of perversions.  The British seem to be able to do so -  subtly, and often with humor.  I watched 3 episodes before getting sick of it.
I know, I know..... I only managed to watch 5 minutes and so I probably shouldn't be allowed to comment.  But in that first five minutes, so many things were off that I had to stop.  Let's see:1) The guy driving on the bridge and looking at his watch.  Really? A watch? Who's wearing a watch? What about a smartphone or maybe just the time on the dashboard?2) Someone manages to shut down and then turn back on all the power on both sides of the border.  Really? Come on man.3) First really bad line of the show "Shut down the border!".4) Some guy smokes a cig, puts it out and takes the butt.  Then walks away.  Obviously we're meant to be like "oh remember that guy" but really it feels like they're banging us over the head with it.5) The detective woman is wearing her iPhone earbuds while she walks over the crime scene. Really? If the writers want to give us the notion that she's all like "Whatever.. blah blah" then at least spend a few minutes building that rather than trying to convince us with some iPhone earbuds. Really, do detectives show up to a middle of the night call listening to their iPod?6) Of course she's inhospitable to the detective on the other side of the border.7) Very, very oddly enough there's an ambulance coming FROM Mexico over to the USA. I suppose its possible but does that happen??  Also, her husband is theoretically dying in the ambulance and the detective is like "oh well, he can just die because you can't cross" when clearly the ambulance would be let through.8) The wife tries to hand some hundreds to the police detective to let her through.  I know that works in a lot of places around the world, but any normal person would know you can't just hand over money to the police.That's only five minutes!!!!!  Oh well, I guess I'm out $1.99 for the pilot.  I'll go watch Luther Season 3.
campy and often juvenile. actors are not believable. storyline is foolish and overplayed, could not get beyond a few episodes.
the majority of the show consist of extras walking into each other in circles on a street were that many people wouldn't ever be at one time and the main characters not knowing why
Show's okay, but a little slow-moving and the two lead detectives annoy me.  Better casting a good idea.  Seattle as a setting?  I  cannot imagine a more depressing place.  I felt mildewed after one episode.  They should have considered Detroit.
The series started off pretty good.  It was a fresh approach the first ten minutes, but then began the stereotypical misunderstood cop. The supporting cast  was good, except for the  &#34;older&#34; police woman.  She was just too old to be starting out to be a police woman at this stage of life.  She looked old enough to be ready for retirement.  She should have been in her middle to late thirties, but looked well into her forties.  Just a flaw in the casting, but one that was  jarring.  The protagonist, Bosch, appeared to be weak.  He had the appearance of being jaded.  He needs to have more character.. Its an okay series, but one that I probably wouldn't seek out to see, but might watch if there wasn't anything else to watch.  As long as I had a book to read while the series played in the back ground I would watch it.  Bosch just wasn't a character that I cared about. It's not the actors fault.  He's a good supporting actor, but he won't be able to carry the show as long as the script is as poor as it is. There was too much happening in the pilot.  Everything was thrown in at once and cliches were used to prop it up.
When I first discovered director Neil Marshall, I was an instant fan.  In the horror genre, he did some solid work with the satisfying werewolf tale "Dog Soldiers" and the sublimely staged "The Descent" (which I know has its detractors, but for me was one of the most entertaining films of its year).  The "Mad Max" retread "Doomsday" was an inevitable disappointment--but didn't dispel the notion that, at least, Marshall had a visual flair.  I was intrigued to see him wander into "Gladiator" type territory with "Centurion" because the man can stage one heck of a battle.  While the film, which is certainly better than "Doomsday," has a lot going for it--sadly, it ends up missing the mark.  My guy reaction as I turned to my friend at the end was "Man, I wanted to like that much more than I did!"I was genuinely and actively rooting for "Centurion" to be more wholly satisfying--so I guess that's a positive comment in and of itself.  First off, the film looks absolutely incredible.  The sweeping countryside and mountainous terrain as the camera pans across is breathtaking.  The battle sequences are alive and bloody--not as dreary as some recent higher profile epics.  The film sounds fantastic with a pulsing orchestration that fits the film beautifully.  But the film's greatest asset is its star Michael Fassbender.  A sensation in the art house favorite "Hunger," Fassbender claims leading man status with ease.  His grounded physicality and intelligence shine through--at times, you think that he's smarter than the material he's been dealt.The film covers the period of A.D. 117 when Roman troops were engaged in a struggle and trying to advance upon the the Picts in the Scottish highlands.  The Picts employed guerilla tactics to hold the Romans off for 20 years.  I won't, but could, debate historical accuracy in the film, but it is clearly meant to be an adventure yarn and not a historical treatise.  However, the film seems to want us to identify with the Romans and brand the Picts as the villains when all they wanted to do was defend their land from being conquered.  Not so bad in my book.  My main issues with the film is that sometimes the screenplay can be conveniently silly.  Several times the Picts don't finish off the stragglers after the epic battle by choice ("oh, just let him bleed"). Their guerilla camp is invaded by not one, but about 6, Romans soldiers in a rescue attempt--not very alert for guerillas!  And a tracker who could trail soldiers for hundreds of wilderness miles couldn't find them in a one room cabin!  These are but a few examples that had me scratching my head.I won't even discuss the unnecessary twist ending or the tacked-on romance, I'll just say that "Centurion" ended up losing some of my good will.  I'd probably still recommend the film as light entertainment, especially if you put your brain on hold, but I wanted it to be great!  But look for Fassbender elsewhere--he's going to be big (I hope)!  KGHarris 08/10
Somewhat of a disappointment ...I like the premise and the characters have potential but somehow the stories don't execute...I keep wanting it to be better
Script and acting leave a bit to be desired. With the current state of our country, the plot does not seem so far fetched!
Very pedestrian. Not very interesting. Gave it up after first two episodes. Don't recommend it. Watch something else. Not very good.
This series started out promising but seasons 2 has too many unbelievable turns with the relationships. It just doesn't work for me. I'll finish watching this season but I don't think I'll go on to season 3.
It was ok. It's not as funny as the actual The Onion. The characters seem a little silly. The show is trying to parody everything but doesn't quite do it as well as The Onion videos.
I enjoyed watching this show. Seems like the producers thought that they should limit filming of vacuuming gravel and sorting for gold. Actually that's the best part. To replace the filming of actual gold mining, they created false issues and fake fights. I didn't care for the fake drama. I wanted to see more of the mining and the gold.
This is not my favorite show on USA, but I do really like it. The lead character has such great heart. It is fun to watch her as she navigates through her personal & professional life in this series. I am going to give it 3 stars instead of 4 -- which was hard to do because I do enjoy it -- in comparison to my others shows the pull & personal connection it has for me isn't as strong. It is in no way a bad reflection on the series because it is a sound enjoyable show.
Executive-produced by Ridley Scott (among nineteen producers in all), "Welcome to the Punch" revolves around a London police detective Max Lewinsky (James McAvoy, "Last King of Scotland") hunting down a master criminal Jacob Sternwood (Mark Strong, Guy Ritchie-directed "Sherlock Holmes"). When Sternwood flies back home to meet his heavily injured son Ruan (Elyes Gabel), Max, still emotionally traumatized, is given another chance to capture Sternwood with his partner Sarah Hawks (Andrea Riseborough).This is a sophomore work from a British director Eran Creevy ("Shifty"). He effectively uses the blue-tinted images of the deserted streets and buildings of London, but despite the stylish photography and slick narrative, the story and characters needs some more details.The leading players deliver fine performances. The film's interesting cast includes Dannielle Brent, Jason Flemyng, Johnny Harris, Daniel Mays, David Morrissey and Peter Mullan. Peter Mullan gives some depth to an otherwise stereotypical role as Sternwood's trusted friend, but not enough, and Jason Flemyng and Daniel Mays are wasted in the roles that are forgettable.Fast-paced modern-day noir "Welcome to the Punch" adds little to the genre. With two capable leads the film starts out well, but loses its momentum in the third act that gets more familiar and predictable. Still, all in all, this is a pretty satisfactory crime thriller with some nice camerawork.
Great short stories by some of the greatest directorsJonathon Schaech, Saul Rubinek and Sean Patrick, star in two of the stories.
When Only God Forgives was announced, I was stoked.  Drive was my favorite film of 2011, and the re-teaming of Refn and Ryan Gosling...I mean, how could you go wrong?  The original plot was listed as:A Bangkok police lieutenant and a gangster settle their differences in a Thai-boxing match.However, that must have changed.  That's only a few minutes of the film.  The actual plot has nothing to do with that.  The synopsis should have read:A drug dealer's mother hunts down the men that killed her son.This film is available in VERY select theaters or on VOD right now at home.  I went the at home route, as it was not playing anywhere near me.So...did I like it?This film is very hard to explain.  It's very avant-garde, and very 'old Kubrick'.  It's almost all visual, with little dialogue to support it.  All in all, Ryan Gosling only says about fifteen lines of dialogue.  That being said, the visuals are amazing.  Cliff Martinez does an amazing job creating a very unique look in Thailand...lots of contrasting reds and blues.  The score also stands out as swooning synths back the scenes not set to Karaoke music...and there are a few of those.The characters in this film (aside from the police lieutenant) are all unlikable.  There are various levels of filth, from Gosling's 'impotent watcher' to pedophiles, to sadistic mothers.  The lieutenant does leave an impression as a justice seeking machine, with little conscience.  I cannot say much more about the characters without spoiling things, so I won't.  The plot is very thin.  It's basically a standard revenge story.  The violence is sporadic but fierce.  There's a torture scene in here that is definitely not for the squeamish.The acting is serviceable.  Gosling is withdrawn and blank.  Most of his acting in this movie consists of errant stares.  Kristen Scott Thomas does a pretty good job as a mix of Courtney Love meets Lucille Bluth in a sadistic mother role.  Vithaya Pansringarm is fantastic as Chang.A lot of people are going to hate this film.  Gosling is even more withdrawn than he was in Drive, and Refn is in full on art house mode here.  This is for fans of Drive and even more so, Valhalla Rising.  If you didn't like those, you'll hate Only God Forgives.  Dave Chen from /Film described the film as 'Ryan Gosling walking down red hallways, fingering people'.  Not everyone is going to 'get' this one.I did not hate it.  I also did not like it right away, but the more I thought about it afterwards, the more I did like it.  It left an impression on me.  It's a beautifully crafted film, and I would definitely watch it again.Final Score: 3/5
It's hard to think of anything innovative these days. Especially if you had to judge the horror media today through this film.5 friends on a road trip? Check.Come across creepy places? Check.Ignoring a grave warning? Check.Constantly swear like your whole vocabulary has no words beyond 2 syllables? Check.Oh, and one of THE most annoying cliches: overt predictability.The shortest amount of time I had to be able to predict anything was around ten seconds. Either I've watched too many horror movies of this sort or... wait. Maybe that's it.This is supposed to be IFC, yet it feels like Hollywood- meaning it feels cookie-cutter in its setup, premise, and execution (pun intended).There may have been one or two scenes that got me to jump, but The Grudge was better at getting me to really JUMP, not just have a small jumpstart. Not to mention the main character seemed to not know (at first) how to use his camera for anything more than to try to make a sex video with his girlfriend (believe it or not, filmmakers out there, not ALL men are sex animals, some actually respect women as women and not sex toys). He and the rest do seem to present the one thing that's almost convincing me to stop watching indie horror: no real aspect of hope of getting out alive, but pulling the same mistakes the kids in the previous horror film you watched make and getting offed in the process.The decisions these kids made made me think they were kindergarten dropouts rather than try to convince they had a brain at all. Not to mention the video itself, though described in the beginning to be top-of-the-line in all its features, kept having cliched glitches yet no explanation as to why they kept happening (I doubt cameras detect human tension and therefore constantly screw up their own quality in the process).I hope IFC doesn't keep letting people repeat this type of movie mistake.
Started out with High Hopes...really like many members of the cast in many thingsBUT wore thin in a few episodes and though we trudged on through anotherit just aint funny with The Congress we are enduring now....
This movie had no meaning to it whatsoever. I mean the scripting was like and um??? A woman had an abortion, was poor, and her boyfriend was crippled.  I mean that's everyday life but it ended with no sense at all.
Interesting plot about alternate universes. A little too weird for my taste but well produced and acted with great special effects.
Hoping for laughs and learning - not my style of humor and learning too little for time invested. Some younger may like it.
This show, which never was more nor less than a silly drama set in a swank, sweet location, has slid off to the side.  Season 4 lacked the bite it found in earlier seasons.  But all is not lost.  Once a fan... still worth watching.
I couldn't sit past 34 mins at which time that writers haven't even given a clue as to why the city is in crisis (which started at the beginning of the show).  And if you get mad at those typical TV things that would never happen in real life, then skip this one.
I love the Terminator Series. And it is FUN to have a bit more of the story to think about and enjoy.  However, there is so little story, and so much video game action, that you really can never stop thinking that you are in a video game, and not "watching a movie with a story and a plot."  To be clear, this is NOT a video game. It is a fan-fiction type of story that was made with animation software that you would see in video gaming software. Everything caries that jerky animation quality common to older video games. Still, this is an actual story of several chapters and it is fun in the respect that you are engaged once again in the Terminator Saga.I would give it a C- for a grade for the story. :(  Slow, boring in places... and it is hard to do that with an action film.  The graphics are really not so good.  Machima is NOT ready for Movie making in my opinion.  The technology isn't there yet.  So, graphic images fall flat.Still, it is fun to see more of the classic Terminator series! (even if there was no real story, and less visual interest.JJ
This season of I.R.T. is just a rehash of what had gone on before.  The two jerks, Hugh &#34;The Polar Bear&#34; and Rick &#34;The Cross between a Woman and a Parrot&#34; showed how they burned themselves out on the long haul route to Prudhoe Bay and got stuck driving the less profitable routes to Northern Canada.  At the end Hugh did it again by blowing off another employer.  I can't believe how these two can tear up an 18 wheeler unless it's part of this scripted series. Overall my rating has dropped from 4 Stars to only Three now.
You can tell by the way the show is no longer funny.  It's a shame, this was a great show.
However, everything considered, I have to admit that I prefer a more clearly-defined story line with a clear d&eacute;nouement, if I am watching for pure entertainment.  Some will laud this film.  Had it been longer, with fuller development, it would have been better suited to my simple taste.  Still, not a bad way to spend twenty minutes, all things considered.
These guys make incredibly poor choices but you just can't stop watching. If you like the gold mining shows, this one is below Gold Rush but just above Bering Sea in terms of quality. It's interesting, but you just want to smack these guys some times.
This show was better when I first began watching it.  I like it to see some of the strange exotic foodstuff that I had never even heard of and how they can be used in a dish.
An interesting premise that deserves a chance to find its audience.  There are many women who are football fans and many owner's wives and families who sit right there in the box and cheer on game day.  It looks like this show intends to demonstrate that those owner's wives might be capable of running the team - albeit in their own way - and be a success.  I hope it doesn't dissolve into an adult football version of the Bad News Bears, because I am going to stick with it for a while.
This show was funny, but it relates to a very specific kind of person. That's not me, and I suspect it isn't a big audience either. Its fun to watch bros relive their high school days, but not for long. An episode or two at most, but i'd be bored soon.
Not starting out good here. storyline ok, if not overdone. Acting by all except Mischa Barton was like bad soap opera acting, especially Rebecca De Morray. She chewed up every scene she was in. Mischa is actually a good actress and deserved better than this.but, taking the acting away, worth watching on a rainy day.
I would definitely suggest to anyone to catch at least the first season of this show. The premise is interesting and they do a really great job with the make-up, costumes and special effects. But I got bored when they took the storyline why to deep into the characters personalities and stories. Who cares? Show more interesting storybook creatures, not more &#34;human drama&#34;. Hundreds of shows do that, fictionally and reality.....First Season, definitely.
Well I loved the first three seasons watched them straight through. Its NOT that season four is bad but for me I couldn't stomach it.The series is pretty gory with characters lacking in moral compass in many ways but watching atrocities is not my idea of entertainment, far too raw for me.Acting is always wonderful and written well .
I have not found this rocking my world yet. I will give it another try and watch one more episode.
So the main female character Margot, gets exuberant over a new found male. Since we all go thru the motions after years of marriage, when the newness wears off, she feels vibrant again. Seems like this movie is a tale of you may get what you want, but was it really worth it? Definitely a slow paced movie, but watchable.
Urban and Ealy are very hot but that's not enough to keep my interest. Everything is dark and dirty all the time and at least for me that gets old. I'll give it a few episodes for character development, but honestly the constant darkness may be the deal killer for me.
Two beautiful, talented actresses, Naomi Watts and Robin Wright are wasted in this terrible story.  It's not only a creepy premise---that they each fall in love with the others' son, but it's totally unrealistic.  If you turn the sound off and just look at the beautiful bodies and the beach scenes, you might enjoy it..
This is one of those plays that may work brilliantly on stage, but is hard to translate to the screen. The cast is great, the director talented but the movie never quite gels into anything substantial.
Great series, although, by season 4, the story becomes too complicated and at times, unbelievable.  Really liked the mix of characters.  Totally unlike the Battlestar Galactica of the 1980s.
The first 2 seasons were interesting but then it is like they just had a show to put on and wanted to use the same characters somewhere. Even the actors seemed to have lost interest.
nice look back at diffeent time but a little slow. Worth a watch and at times very entertaining. put on the b list and hope for a winner
The first episode worked for me but not for my wife.  The courtroom drama is a distraction and the attorneys on both sides are real cliches.  I also weary of the rogue detective who has more conflict with his police peers than he does with the bad guys.  Fox's &#34;The Following&#34; is playing out the same worn out bit right now.  I'll try another episode, but it better get tighter and richer soon or I'm gone.
Same plot over and over again.  My husband watches it but it seems very boring to me.  Needs more plot variety.
Summary:At a high tech lab in the artic, there has been a release of an unknown contaminant.  It is assumed to be a virus.  Somehow, the CDC is approached to come and help with the situation.  Dr. Walker was specifically requested.  (This appears to be an important fact, but we are not told why.)The company with the lab is hiding what they are working on.  They won't tell the CDC, and they are lying about not working on monkeys.  An infected monkey is found by one of the CDC doctors.The story actually starts out pretty good.  I have seen the first 3 episodes.  The acting is good with the exception of Dr. Doreen Boyle, actress Catherine Lemieux, who appears to be unable to pick an accent.  Is she British or Southern?  I can't decide, but neither can she.From a suspense and action stand point, the story is well-written.  The infected people are angry and smart, and they have an irrational desire to infect others.  You never know when one of them will escape or reach out and grab you.  It is scary, suspenseful and a little bit gory.Most of the special effects, outside of the makeup, are more what you would expect from television.  Dr. Peter Farragut does an unbelievable Spiderman act where he bounds up into the ventilation.  The fighting mice are obviously CGI.  It isn't that bad though overall.  It is definitely acceptable to me, but it may not be to other people.There are hints of secrets that are untold.  There are two love triangles involving four people.  Eek!  Secrets like Dr. Hatake's contacts, Dr. Hatake's album full of pictures, are running throughout the story.  Dr. Peter's filmed secret hand signals, so his brother would know to run.  Who asked the CDC to come if Peter is telling them to run?  There are a lot more secret happenings.So why the 3 rating?Much of the science is just wrong as are the procedures.The air is safe because the rats/mice? are alive and the PRC test is negative.  Let's start with the obvious, what is a PRC test?  There is no such animal in the virus detection world.  There is however a PCR test, Polymerase Chain Reaction test..  This is used to detect viruses.  And how was the sample used to detect that there is no airborne virus?  A test would require a sample from the breathing area of the victim, like a bronchial wash.  The best way to take a sample would be biosamplers, using an impinger, if you want the actual air.  Airborne means what is coming out of the mouth and nose, and we know that yucky, infected gunk is coming out of their mouths.  The fact that the rats are alive mean nothing, since we don't even know if they are infected.  I would suggest putting the breathing apparatus back on.The virus was checked to see if it was cylindrical?  I didn't know that they were cylindrical.  And why was there a picture of what appeared to be a rotavirus shown being infiltrated by a helical virus?Those procedures for the strong, violent infected were just wrong.  Once you know they can be violent, you strap them down and sedate them, so you can safely work with them.  You also don't leave one person alone with people who are likely to become violent unless they are strapped down and sedated.  The idea is to keep them safe, the medical/science team safe, and the uninfected safe.  You don't just put them in a room and leave a member of the team alone in the middle of them.  Then after a team member is held hostage, you definitely don't repeat the same stupidity, but this show does it.EDIT:  I have now watched episodes 4-6.  The show seems to be employing the 'Lost' strategy.  There are more questions, more conspiracies, and I still don't have a clue about what is going on.  The only character I like at this point is Julia Walker.  I hope this show also doesn't go on forever without answering any of the questions it has raised.Edit:  I have now watched episodes 7-9.  People are switching sides like at a drop of a hat.  There isn't a lot apparent reasons for the side switches, except the company who owns the whole shebang is evil on a stick.  Major Sergio, who killed Dr. Doreen, is now A GOOD GUY.  The reason is he just feels bad about all the bad he has done.  He is a knight in shining armor.  And Dear (pick whatever you worship), I wasn't even surprised when Dr. Julia and Hatake had their "Luke, I am your father moment".Our newest mystery is why is this all being done for Julia.  With the overriding question, what in the heck are they doing for Julia?By the way, muriatic acid, ammonium nitrate, and potassium chloride are high unstable, explosive even.  This is what we are told in episode 9.  No, they aren't.  Ammonium nitrate might be if you heat it.  Ammonium nitrate and muriatic acid could create a rxn if combined, but I am clueless about the use of the potassium chloride.EDIT:  Episodes 10-11 and we still don't know what Hatake was doing, but we now know they are immortal.  And for the record, the removal of cerebral spinal fluid is not a death sentence.  It replenishes itself several times a day... is it 3 times... something like that.
I watched and enjoyed season 1 for a lot of the same reasons others did.  I expected more of the same this season.  I made it through three episodes and stopped.  It is a non-stop series of scenes depicting humiliation, gratuitous cruelty and violence, outright torture, sadism, bondage and obedience, degrading and violent sexuality, simple ghoulishness, and on and on. I find nothing redeeming in this series. There is nothing in it I would call a plot or a narrative arc or character development.  Any more than there is in your average porno production.  Just a pretext for more "torture porn."There is no wit or humor or depth or insight, either.  It is just relentlessly and oppressively cruel.The fact that it has so many positive reviews tells me that it has found a cult following - not that it actually deserves positive reviews.I think the actors in this series are not only wasted. I think they are degrading themselves and damaging their reputations by participating in the project. I will never be able to watch Jessica Lang, James Cromwell, Evan Peters or any of the other actors without unfortunate flashbacks to this series. Unfortunately, I used to enjoy these and other artists connected with the series. I wish I had never purchased the first episode. At least then I wouldn't have these awful associations tainting my memories of these actors.
Can't figure out how this show made it into seson 3. Stupid, stupid, stupid. This show deserves no more attention
I watched this movie waiting for the suspense and instead I got bored. The ending was expected and a let down. Gld that this was just a rental
I was expecting an action movie. It is and it isn't. There is a lot more story and less violence. It starts really slow. And it takes awhile to figure out exactly where the story is going. I liked both main characters. The female character is somewhat dull. But it fits the character. I would have preferred a different ending. But the ending is more realistic, perhaps, than my first choice.
While still my family's favorite series for &#34;family time&#34;, This episode did not live up to the quality of past episodes. I look forward to watching better story lines in the show and I hope this hiccup was only temporary because I believe my entire family has come to expect an exceptional 45 minutes of riveting zombie AKA: walkers action!
I thought the story would never get off the ground.  No definitive conclusion.  Lot of blood spilled and dead bodies seem to accumulate everywhere.
Same ole spy movie, as much as i like these types of movie/series this didn't get me as being any different than the rest started off slow to me not enough action to hold my attention.
I was hopeful this would be "a little gem" like one review stated.....even a gem of a B horror movie.Well in my opinion, this "little gem" stunk! Very poor story development.....lack luster acting all around...anda few scattered scares....but by that time who cares?  Very poorly done all around.....not even one of thosereally bad horror movies....that are SO bad they are kinda fun. Nope....this one has no redeeming qualities.I love a good haunted house movie.....this one fell super short in my opinion.
If I were to state clearly why I do not like the series I would start a fire storm and get a bunch of hate responses.My perception is that the series is being used in part to advance an agenda that is offensive to an awful lot of folks. It would not detract from the plot at all for it not to have been included.
It's not my favorite, but it's a good enough show to watch when nothing else is on. Some may have trouble following the dual storylines (one is the show and one is the &#34;show&#34;). I don't. But I know someone else who can't keep track.
This series started off decently enough, but as it has gone on, it has, in my opinion, become less and less believable. It seems to me that any advanced civilization capable of interstellar travel wouldn't mess around with bombs and lasers. If they really wanted to exterminate the native species, they most likely would have used some kind of genetically engineered bio-weapon that would have a near 100% kill rate. Also, some of the episodes have become more and more like a soap with the various on and off again relationships.I have noticed that this series has been renewed for a third season to air in the summer of 2013. I am not sure that I will waste the time on in next summer.
Film six unrelated films and film them separately.  Then cross-edit them all with zero continuity or interrelation and you have 360!  The idea is to come full-circle as the title states, but this does not happen here. Most film makers would just say the producers cheated.  The films are not related to each other except at the end, where there is some attempt to correlate crossover. So in watching it, the viewer is constantly wondering when the film is going to make any sense...this never happens, so is disappointing. Filmed in Slovakia, England, France, Vienna and the US we get some international flavor; but this doesn't assist the go-nowhere screenplay or storyline. The weak premise of the film is that opportunities only occur once in a lifetime and so you have to take advantage of them when you can. The screenplay has one basic premise...everyone is with the wrong partner, who they do not love...so it's time to get somebody else! All in all a weak submission, which is more the fault of a non-workable screenplay and storyline than anything else. Just another example of how one weak element in the hundreds it takes to make a film can totally screw the efforts of everyone involved!  Film making is tough!
We like anything with a paranormal twist but we were unable to get into this show.  For one thing, it's British and the British seem to have a different way of presenting plots.  This show is also geared towards young people and we are older than dirt.
I THOUGHT I'D LIKE IT BETTER THAN WHAT IT WAS... I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT TO EXPECT OUT OF THIS MOVIE BUT WHATEVER IT WAS I DIDN'T GET IT.
I like Jeff Dunham and all his characters. This is a different setting than the standup he's done. I'm still not sure which I like best.
Everything about this show was boring and predictable. I watched about half-way through and started falling asleep. Natalie Zea is pretty though.
Interesting movie with good acting and plot. Was interesting to see To, Hamks in his cameo role.
And go for a well produced, (It IS the History Channel folks...), but typically &#34;out there&#34;, (with the standard appearances by the usual suspects), as &#34;C.T.'s&#34; get!
Here is another Terrence Malick film, following "The Tree of Life" only made one year before. Reportedly, "To the Wonder" is, like his previous effort, a semi-autobiographical movie of the director fiercely protective of his private life. Here Ben Affleck plays Neil, an American travelling in Europe, who falls in love with a recently divorced Ukrainian mother of one daughter Marina played by Olga Kurylenko. Meanwhile, Father Quintana (Javier Bardem), respected priest losing his faith.Though "To the Wonder" benefits from the poetic beauty of the images thanks to photographer Emmanuel Lubezki (who worked for the director's "The New World" and "The Tree of Life"), the film itself remains an impressionistic collection of images. We are supposed to look behind these images and find something, while honestly I am not sure it's worth trying.I know Terrence Malick's unique filmmaking style, and I love his earlier work "Days of Heaven," which offers a simple but intriguing story. In this newest film, what the director does with fragmentary images may be unconventional, but what happens in the film, if derived of its showy styles, is pretty conventional, even banal, together with the dull voiceovers. To me, "To the Wonder" is frustratingly pretentious and self-indulgent.I think I know "To the Wonder" is trying to do. It's about the feeling and emotion envisioned by the director. But people just don't cry or laugh. There is a context in which those emotions are expressed, and usually dialogue, story or character development provides that context, which the film refuses to do. This may have worked with other material, but if it's a love story, which is a very personal thing, well, I don't think so.
Well..this is the 3rd season.. I was first a fan of it. The original story was about an abducted girl and some corruption around the case with some local politicians etc. involved. That is a good story. I was very well made as well with a certain darker theme ( most scenes were either done at night , dawn or when it was raining ). The main actress does very solid acting as well. However..making 3 seasons out of it is a little stretched....it turns basicially into different new side stories with occasional flashbacks to the season 1 main story.
hate challenges with hardware and pet store and candy as the material, come on get real, no real fashion designer is going to go out and make some high fashion clothes with sawdust and m&ms
I thought this would be so funny, but I'd just fall asleep and let my boyfriend watch it.  He didn't think it was funny, either.  The timing just wasn't right, but the premises seemed like they SHOULD have been hilarious.
I tried watching as long as I could, but 20 minutes is all I could take. I don't find &#34;Jewish&#34; humor funny. That is, unless your name is &#34;Seinfeld&#34;. It's not that I'm anti-Semitic, I'm anything but. It's just that smart ass sort of humor does nothing for me. I think a lot of folks will like this show. It's intelligent and I think, with further character development, it might become a hit. I am picky about comedy's and this one doesn't hit my funny bone.  I do think this show will find an audience, though.
A middle of the road, fairly amusing, end-of the world film that takes place one afternoon at a middle aged couples' suburban gathering, where the party-goers are kind of flaky to begin with.  As life on Earth unravels, conflicts and coping skills emerge to the sadness and the amusement of the viewer since this is in essence a black comedy. Mainstream religion comes in for a few knocks as well.  While it isn't really  a &#34;must see&#34; movie, it will serve you well as middling entertainment with a few hearty laughs thrown in.
omigod - I don't know if it is the lead actress's waxy skin or her waxy acting but she always looks like she is eager to be a hooker or something despite being an instant farm girl or whatever her clean as a whistle background is supposed to be.  I did enjoy Ivy's veteran nervousness but this is altogether a very creepy show EXPERTLY acted.  I don't understand the point of this show at all.  I thought at first it would be a launchpad for an actual Broadway show that would have guaranteed sales from fans of the show but I really doubt it now.  It's just a terrible and expensive embarassing show.  If only it was fun to watch in its awfulness.
The movie &#34;The last Days&#34; had to have been written reviews by the producer of the film. I was expecting the movie to be in English not Spanish first of all. I think it maybe pretty decent for a apocalypse film of $1.99,for the most part I've see better. I couldn't finish writing this review and that say's a lot on my behalf. This wasn't my type of apocalypse; it dosn't even go into detail about why there going through a apocalypse. It's truly not worth $6.99 people.
good show.
We couldn't even finish the pilot; didn't like, or care about, the characters. Heaven knows what it is about, but we do not care.
This series was entertaining to a point.  The altruistic theme was a little too thick and tended to slow the real plot.  The altruistic line always bogs-down the story and seems to always take up so much of the air time the viewer gets bored and wants to leave the show!  Other than that it was worth the time spent to watch!  The theme and plot were well written and acted out.  The amateur-spy aspect played just right as to enhance the historical setting and events.  Conflict was abundant and helped overcome the altruistic bog.
Chris Colfer from TV's "Glee" is certainly making the most of his fame by expanding his resume as an author and a screenwriter, and I have to admire this tenacity and ambition.  As "Glee" winds down, the entire cast should be thinking about future career moves!  Colfer has become something of role model in recent years.  As an openly homosexual character on a popular television program, he has a platform that reaches millions of kids struggling with identity and/or bullying.  With this work, he has twice been nominated for an EMMY and even won a Golden Globe award.  "Struck by Lightning" is an adaptation of Colfer's popular teen novel, and its screenplay was penned by Colfer as well.  Director Brian Dannelly has assembled an extremely immense and TV friendly cast for this production and it's fun to see just who might pop up next.  Some of the notable actors in the ensemble include Allison Janney, Dermot Mulroney, Rebel Wilson, Polly Bergin, Sarah Hyland (Modern Family), Ashley Rickards (Awkward), Angela Kinsey (The Office), Christina Hendricks (Mad Men), Allie Grant (Suburgatory and Weeds), Graham Rogers (Revolution), Brad William Henke, and Ken Marino.The film tells the story of Carson Phillips (Colfer), who in the opening sequence is quite literally struck by lightning.  Through a series of flashbacks and a reflective voice over narration, Phillips recounts the days leading up to this event.  While he deals with an unstable mother (Janney) and a father (Mulroney) who seems to be moving on, he throws himself into making a better life for himself through education.  As the editor of the school paper, he is plagued by an unsupportive staff and an apathetic administration.  His college dreams may be off track unless he can come up with a noticeable project to pad his application.  Creating a literary magazine, he and his trusted sidekick (a remarkably restrained and quite good Rebel Wilson) use any means necessary to ensure the cooperation of all of the school's most influential students.  Meant to be a comic romp, the movie degenerates into a rather mean spirited adventure that actually seems to support reverse bullying.  As long as it isn't done by popular kids, does that make it defensible?There are plenty of things to like about "Struck by Lightning."  First of all, the cast is first rate.  And the film has its amusing moments.  Ultimately, though, Colfer's character is not someone that you can really root for and admire.  He's not a lovable underdog, he's a judgmental bully.  He's smarter than everyone else in the movie, quick to condescend and make fun.  As such, he never elicited even one moment of sympathy from me.  I know that's the point and that there are life lessons to be learned by all.  You can make a terrific black comedy that is merciless (Heathers comes to mind), but "Struck by Lightning" seems to want to have it both ways.  As Colfer bullies everyone and blackmails them to his own reward, the movie embraces a meanness that is a perfectly acceptable choice.  But the movie also wants to have its share of "warm and fuzzies."  After terrorizing everyone in his life, we're also supposed to embrace a positive message from the hero?  "Struck by Lightning" isn't a bad movie, by any stretch, it just sends a few mixed messages and one of them seems to support bullying as long as it's done by the right people for the right motives.  KGHarris, 5/13.
Enjoyed the first couple episodes but supect those to be enough for my viewing pleasure.
One good thing about the anthology horror &#8220;V/H/S/2&#8221; is that the sequel is much shorter than the original. The &#8220;frame story&#8221; gets tighter and more coherent. The main section has more variety in the subject matters and approaches than that of the first one.&#8220;V/H/S/2&#8221; has a similar opening to its predecessor, with a private investigator and his girlfriend looking for clues to a missing college student. What they stumbled upon in the student&#8217;s room is, of course, TV sets and VHS tapes.The introductory part is followed by four segments, each covering such topics as &#8220;ghosts&#8221; &#8220;zombies&#8221; &#8220;cult rituals&#8221; and &#8220;aliens,&#8221; with the &#8220;frame story&#8221; serving as a sort of interlude. The &#8220;zombies&#8221; part is more like a low-key comedy with a POV camera attached to a zombie. Probably the most impressive (and shocking) one would be the third segment about a documentary crew investigating a mysterious cult leader. All I can say is it is VERY gory.As far as storytelling goes, the second installment is an improvement on the first one. Even so, I think some of these stories could have been better with a conventional narrative style instead of using the found-footage format. The film is fairly entertaining, but I still do not see the point of sticking to this concept.
I had somewhat high hopes for this series but got my first warning sign moments into the pilot, when we are told that &#34;the only punishment for crime is the death penalty&#34; if you're over 18. Really? That's the best the writers could do? It gets worse. Of course the landing craft loses communication, but we can accept that as a necessary plot twist. Ok. But do all the teenagers have to act like they don't have any sense at all? Not all young adult fiction is like that (except for the CW channel it seems). Some, such as The Hunger Games, show young people making adult decisions in trying circumstances. Do we have to watch every pairing between perfectly tanned delinquents start off with the long, soulful &#34;kiss-me&#34; looks from the first episode? Do all the adults either have to be evil/ruthless or a crusader?Ok, ok....let's skip to the part where the girl strips to take a swim (again, great muscle tone and tanned skin for someone locked up for years), jumps in the water and gets nabbed by a giant snake....a giant snake which decides to release her as soon as the attractive teens on the shore toss a rock at it. Then the rescued young woman has nothing more than scratches on her leg, when she was being held underwater in it's jaws? By this time I was sighing aloud.Oh, the bad guys....the juvies who just want to raise hell, make out and....ok, so maybe that part is realistic. But still....how long into the apocalypse before stomach's start to growl? How long until someone thinks maybe gathering food and water might be a good plan? I know Survivor will still be playing 200 years from now, but clearly these kids haven't seen it. Survival? Wait, you mean we can't order pizza delivery???I made myself watch the second episode, which was not quite as dumb, but this is apparently going to be a show where every predictable plot twist and every hint of simmering young adult sexuality will be utilized as often as possible. I love science fiction and I especially love apocalypse fiction....but I love well-written drama, fleshed out characters and actual human unpredictability more.I hope it gets better. Really, I do. Not every show can be a Breaking Bad or Walking Dead, but hey....you writers are getting paid to write. It's a dream job. Put some work into it, willya???
It's a bit of a teaser.  Some of the secrets we already know because the programs are a little dated.  Some of the info is really interesting and some is pure conjecture.  I enjoy the historical segments, because basically I am an historian and facts, no matter how old and dusty, are of interest to me.  Many subjects are covered and you could find worse ways to spend your time.  After all any real secrets aren't going to find their way into the public stream no matter how enticing the title!
Enjoy police drama in a very crowded field in this genre, but nothing specially enticing to want to make me continue watching the proposed series
That about sums it up.  Watching it occasionally, but I'm not passionate about it.  I do think it's getting better, I'm just not excited yet.
Schmidt is disgusting. Jess is annoying. Nick is lame. No more new girl. Cancel it and mindy project too. Yuk.
So we need another movie like this?  The only reason I rented it was because others had given such good reviews.
Lots of twist and turns in this story. It keeps you watching and keeps you waiting for the next turn in the plot
Look up Bubble Guppies in Webster's and it will say &#34;See also: unwatchable...&#34;  The writers are obviously from either Colorado or Washington and too stoned to get a story together.
good solid movie.....typical storyline but i still enjoyed it.....nice thrill ride at the end of the movie...who will survive...who wont & what happens to the sole survivor.......good watch..............nice ending..........and it does make you wonder what can happen when u go hiking.....not that this will really happen but u never know - makes ur mind wonder....oh my :)
Ok, here's the thing with this show..everyone in it is excellent..I meaneveryone..the story line is fine and the writing good for the set up.I love the parents and always have but the show falls short of evergetting in the least little bit close to what it could be..I don't know whyit's a disappointment but it is..it's got all this gold and for some reasonit's been cast in lead.  Bummer man, because I would really like to watchthese people..and believe me I have tried more than once.
This show totally takes me back to my high school days.  It is cute, the characters are fun to watch.  It is likely a show targeted at younger viewers, like high school age.
Amazon's attempts at original work appeals to the lowest denominator - not common denominator, I mean the lowest IQ level - Dome is even worse than the wasteland TV is. Amazon has more money than Netflix; yet fails to create decent shows. Why is this happening to Amazon? Certainly Jeff B. has talent in all other areas; but, wow! Jeff B. fails totally at creativity. Netflix is making toast out of Amazon's attempts at films.
Seven dollars to rent a movie?  You could buy a DVD for $7 easily.  This is a rip off.  I watched this movie but found it horrible because the price was so high.
I enjoy Piper Perabo. But Auggie disappears in too many of the shows. But it is getting better this season.
I like the show, but it's starting to lose its touch. It's stiller better than other shows, but it doesn't have that &#34;thing&#34; that it used to have.
The concept is appealing but the execution is unimpressive.  Weird coincidences abound while unlikely &#34;lucky breaks&#34; derail the plot and take me out of the story.  As for the twist at the end of the episode, it almost feels like a decision was made to hit us with something extra weird just to keep us interested.Performances were not overly impressive, but not really terrible either.  I happen to like many of the actors/actresses and I've enjoyed their other work.  Bottom line, this series as an X-Files meets Lost sort of vibe going.  I'm not sure that this is a good thing.
Under the Dome [0558 - 07-18-2014]Summary:A small town is suddenly and inexplicitly sealed off from the rest of the world by a transparent dome. No communication can pass through the dome.Content & Packaging:4 disks - 13 episodes - standard DVD packaging. Several special features and few deleted scenes.Positive Comments: I bought this set used. I hope I can sell it to someone else - quickly.The Cast:With rare exception the ensemble cast for this show - Wiki lists 30 speaking roles - is uniformly bland and undistinguished. The most memorable character - a drug addled old preacher was killed off around episode 4. Dean Norris as &#34;Big Jim&#34; Rennie looks exhausted by the silly plots and dialogue he must contend with.Negative Comments: (where do I begin) Some of the worst plotted TV shows I have ever seen. For example a &#34;real cute guy&#34; working as debt collector for a bookie kills his client in a brawl. Quickly his digs a grave and buries the body just as the dome comes down with him inside. His victim's wife - she is real cute too - is frantic concerning her missing husband. Fast-forward a few episodes and the murderer is shacking up with the wife like nothing ever happened a couple of days ago - no remorse, no &#34;is this kinda weird' type conversations - I could go on and on. The few deleted scenes are at the end of disk 2, 3 & 4 but no reference is provided to the episode. Unbelievable this show will have a season 2.Recommendations:If you like shows about cute, precocious teens dressed in the latest fashions - falling in and out of love - going into trances and speaking nonsense when they touch fingertips - and can decipher the domes mysteries - then you will like this show.
I don't know why I keep watching.  From Abby's cruelty to the mom's fighting, I wonder how these talented girls will turn out in adulthood.  I don't recommend watching with children in the room at all.  Children need to always be affirmed and not have a critical spirit washed over them constantly.  Yes, there is a time for critism that helps, but constant negetive critism is justs harmful to ones spirit.  Why these mother's constantly put their children in this environment is a strange puzzle to me.
Really boring film with empty relationships and a very few interesting though strange moments. I think there might have been about 15 minutes total of mildly interesting content. Otherwise this film was a waste of time.
I've enjoyed watching this show for three seasons but this third season is problematic. Hank and his cohorts are all over the map. Also, the medical conditions are getting more and more bizarre.  This episode of the man passing out every time he gets in front of his new painting is a case in point.  The answer became so complicated that I began to lose interest.  This is also what is happening with the characters' lives. Plus there are now way too many characters and plotlines. Someone needs to put on the brakes with this series before it implodes,
What happens with such good ideas? This one started with a promising concept and some cool special effects, then quickly (by episode 5) had degenerated into a mess. Unbelievable scenarios, clich&eacute;d events, mediocre acting and disintegrating purpose. Horrible
We Steal Secrets: The Story of Wikileaks is a mixed bag at best. On the plus side, We Steal Secrets is brilliantly crafted, well-filmed and edited, and fast-paced and as exciting as a Hollywood thriller. On the negative side, the director clearly had a personal vendetta against Assange by the end, giving too much light to fishy stories of assault in Sweden and his melancholy time holed up in various safe houses.I have no idea why Alex Gibney, obviously a fine director, chose such obviously one-sided sources. We mostly hear from outcasts like Daniel Domscheit-Berg and other "former" WikiLeaks supporters, and too much screentime is given to some extremely questionable stories from the woman Assange allegedly sexually assaulted. Neither Bradley Manning nor Julian Assange were directly interviewed, which is obviously a huge blow to the film. We Steal Secrets starts out hopeful and mysterious, detailing the huge leaks perpetrated by conflicted soldier Bradley Manning, and the rise of Wikileaks - the triumphant exposures of heinous war crimes, lies, and secrets swept under the rug by various countries and organizations. Wikileaks gave us the truth on the Iraqi War and the War on Terror that no one else would. But the documentary tries to paint it, AND Assange (which I find heavily ironic since We Steal Secrets is against those who targeted Assange in person) as a controlling, paranoid, suspicious bunch of wierdos.Look, I'm NOT saying to paint Assange as a white knight in shining armor. He's a human being, full of faults and shortcomings, doubts and weaknesses. He's also one of the great visionaries of our time: a controversial and engimatic figure that dared to show us the secrets that our governments wouldn't. Along with whistleblowers like Manning and now, Edward Snowden, and organizations such as The Pirate Party and Anonymous, these individuals seek a more transparent, honest, and safer world. Thomas Jefferson said, "A government afraid of it's people is democracy. A people afraid of their government is a tyranny."When you look at it that way, WikiLeaks is a fight against tyranny. Freedom of speech, press, movement, and belief are untouchable rights of every human being. We must fight against tyranny alongside them. Long live sites like Wikileaks!In conclusion, We Steal Secrets is fascinating and provocative, but also biased and not as insightful as it might hope. Seek the truth out for yourself to make your own opinions, but this is in NO way a bad documentary, and I rather enjoyed it! A very solid 3 stars!
I don't want to give an episode by episode overview only my thoughts overall - Smash can be great - fun dancing, riveting singing/acting  and then completely silly and ridiculous all at the same time.  There are so many things that started out right with this show that when it went wrong with the story line (i.e. Michael Swift/Julia affair), it went REALLY wrong.  I've never seen Anjelica Huston throw so many drinks at the same guy - I was cheering and yelling for the guy to MOVE away.  Eileen (Anjelica Huston) had so much potential to be interesting but for goodness sake, became totally unreal when she starts seeing a bartender who happens to have money to invest in the Marilyn the Musical.  Julia and her husband Frank - another storyline that was completely 'weird'.  The relationship between Julia and Tom however was completely believable.  Derek was a fun character to watch even though he had a what seemed to be a personality disorder or multiple personalities as he seemed to forget previous actions/consequences and just kept on as if they were nothing.  Dev/Karen - what the heck, writers??  But it was the Michael/Julia affair that was the most completely utterly wrong storyline that killed me.  I actually fast forwarded through those sections.  It also seemed to me that Debra Messing and the actor playing Michael had absolutely no chemistry.  Why would they sleep together is beyond me.Now about the singing - Megan Hilty sings gloriously.  I'm sorry Kristen Chenowith, she kicks your fanny.  Megan is guilty of too much 'schmaltzing' but the musical numbers require it.  Megan can also dance and act and pretty darn well.  Katharine McPhee also sings extremely well.  In my opinion she is a little more affected than Megan but when they sing together, good grief, it's almost great.  Katharine too can dance and act.  BTW, why weren't one of these women given the part of Maria in &#34;The Sound of Music&#34; live performance?  Megan Hilty could've totally handled it as could Katharine and since they both can act, well....draw your own conclusions.  Sorry Carrie Underwood.I haven't seen the second season yet - I plan on watching it as when it aired on TV, it was supposidly revamped so I'm curious about that works out.
Somewhat slow-moving and depressing, but great acting and feels 'real'. Makes you think about what could have been, and the lead character's life is sad, but realistic. A good renter.
I'm not real sure on how, I should rate this series just yet since it's only the first episode. So I'm going with 3 stars until I see other episodes to help support my opinion on if it's really good or not(right now it's just ok). I will come back and update once I've seen more series. Now, when the movie takes off in the air plane scene, I thought I was in the movie myself. It start out like it's going to become a good apocalypse series, zombies , zombies I hope it will be worth they while. I will agree with another viewer who said, you get that cheap feel in between scenes something you've seen before. In order to keep the audience interesting there needs to be less talking about garbage (that can get boring ) more action/fear.  So far so good, the series seems to be just ok until further notice I'll be back to update. I'm waiting people this isn't my final review.
I enjoyed the shows and now every time I try to access one it says c content not available this is not the show rather something with Amazon
I always thought Meagan was a bit arrogant, but since she was a neurosurgeon I was willing to give her a break because it comes with the territory.  However, this current season, she has gone well past the lines of ego right up to hubris.  She is no longer amusing to be around and if the behavior (read writing) doesn't change, I will be leaving this show, even if they did bring a hunk on board to play Tommy.
What to say. If it had real animation it might actually be pretty good. As it is it is ok, which is a lot better than most of the Amazon show Crap so far.
The film opens with people screaming and running around getting killed by an off screen slasher. After that brief teaser opening, 5 girls take off to go camping. Kate (Zara Phythian) is five days back from Afghanistan (guess how her training plays in this). The girls drive, then leave their convertible with the top down to go hike and camp several hours away. The girls are armed with shorts, boots, back packs, and military issue undergarments that can double as a swim suit. It isn't long before they meet some cute boys and become flirty.If you were awake the first few minutes then you know where this goes.This is a &#34;me-too&#34; woods slasher. It offers nothing new. The characters were not well established. Their personality was bland. It was killing for the sake of killing. No cannibals, inbreeding, or a sportsman club. Boring.Parental Guide: F-bomb, rape, nudity (male and female)
The tone was somewhere in between Heroes & Lost for most of the show.  Some good drama initially, but the a-hole white guy character was pretty annoying the whole time.  The alien that appeared at the end changed the whole tone and made it like a cheesy horror film.  Before that end scene I would have said I'd watch it again.  After that, probably not.
A soap opera. Stupid script, bad acting, glaring tech flaws. It promises a lot and delivers a lot of boring stupidity.
Very boring.  If you are suppose to get hooked after only a few minutes of watching the show, then this 10 minute preview didn't do it for me.  I was bored.  It would have been better to show a bit more excitement of what is going on when the wave came in.  However I was not enticed to buy the show as I was too bored.
I don't watch this show, but I caught it because it was a crossover event.  I watched the early seasons, but when they Izzy died, it just got boring.
I haven't watched any of the seasons because the singers just aren't good enough to hold my interest.  I really like Debra Messing though.  I hope to see her in other gigs.
"We have to break into this house and all we have to do is steal this one VHS tape." This review will be a little different then the others I have done. This will be different because the movie was different. This first off isn't really a movie at all. They try to put a little plot in but the movie is more like a "Tales From The Crypt" type style where there 5 little movies that aren't connected to each other instead of one long flowing movie. The 1st one is nothing but sex and gore. the 2nd is "Paranormal Activity" like. 3rd one is a generic college kids on a getaway movie. 4th is a haunted house seen from a Skype point of view and the 5th is like a Twilight Zone type. Everyone of of these little movies started off OK but everyone had an anti-climatic ending and left you more and more disappointed. This really is for hard-core horror fans only. Overall, a strange idea that really will only work for hard-core horror fans. Since this isn't really a movie I won't give it a grade.
This was pretty good. There are some really bad independent zombie horror films out right now. It is no Fulci, or Romero, but it was fairly entertaining.
Complete and utter garbage.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.One star for casting.  Pretty, sparkling people. The rest, not so much.
ok for a rainy Saturday afternoon. a bit dark (that is putting it mildly) but well done Viking piece. the hero has a sense of altruism (for a Viking) but life's events turn him toward darkness. an interesting character, a sequel would be interesting. does annakin skywalker turn wholly to the dark side, or is there some good left in him. we will never know, but I expect he stays all in as a hard ass Viking as a result of tough life lessons.
This kind of movie the tv channel use to complete your schedule, boring,no action like in the trailer.Not interesting, need more action and less talk, 40 min is good, 1h is bad, 1:40h i can't saw this, sorry.
I didn't expect Jeremiah Johnson but this series is so staged that, to me, it's not watchable. Does a mountain man live in a two or three hundred thousand dollar house, travel on paved roads and get regular family visits? I wouldn't have thought so. There is only one of these men who resembles in the least how a mountain man would live. The rest are so faked it completely stultified my credulity. I don't recommend this series at all.
I watched this movie based on the four and a half stars...  The reviewers must have all been Norwegian family members of the film maker.  This plot is so tired and the effects were so bad give me a break.  No one on a film shot can figure out how to use night vision at night??  It's just stupid...the movie is stupid...and I feel stupid for wasting my time watching it...
Mindless brutality has been done so many times it's tiresome.  Three Alabama "rebel orphans" take a freelance job to swipe a valuable kid from a crime kingpen.  After the heist they face armies of Texas bodyguards, armed biker chick prostitutes, spiked leather black guys, and Indian archers.  All that's missing is ninjas with throwing stars.  Even Billy Bob can't lift this cheese off the ground.
This is a kind of amateurish film, with very poor character development. In fact, we only really get to know the female lead. In contrast, portrayals of the mother, father, boyfriend and sister are empty and shallow. While there is some hint of incestuous abuse early on, this thread is cut off with no follow-up. As for the pornography, it consists primarily of some topless shots and what might be called " dirty talk." A number attractive women are also shown kissing each other. Some males also do the same. The only bright spot in this production is the physical beauty of the female lead. The ending is kind of amorphous and the acting is sometimes hysterical--as marked by over-the-top emotional outbursts. Watching this film probably won't hurt you, but I don't believe that you'll get much it of it either. For those viewers that do happen to enjoy it, consideration might be given to the very similar movie,"Starlet".
So, I like the combo pack distribution method. You get both the Blu & the DVD in one simple package. Good stuff.It comes with basically one special feature, an AMEX sponsored "behind the scenes" featurette. Other than that' it's just the movie, and maybe a few trailers for other movies.That said, the movie itself was pretty middlin'. Not great, not terrible. But, in the end it really didn't amount to anything. Backstory was vaguely interesting. Supposedly some evil things dwells in a hollow tree and causes people to commit suicide, or something?You never actually see the supposed "thing." As with so many "found footage" films, it's just a bunch of people running around screaming about things you never actually. But it's in the dark so it's a little creepy. You keep expecting something to jump out of the dark and go "Boo!" Sadly, the only thing going "Boooo..." is the audience. Nothing ever really happens... The backstory isn't ever entirely explained, the characters are kind of boring. There are lots of shots of nothing. Like watching the windshield wipers, or pointing the camera at seagulls, or pointing the camera at the ground while walking (or running screaming). There seem to be a number of "cinematic transitions" that have no real explanation within the bounds of "how a handheld camera works." So, either the 'police' 'edited' the video to make it more interesting, or well obviously it's a 'movie.'In the end, there was just too little going on, too many scenes of nothing interesting going on and no explanation for everything that happened and you never actually SEE anything scary it's all just the psychological terror of running around in the dark and THINKING you MIGHT see something scary.Can't really recommend this over any other 'found footage' flicks. It's moody / atmospheric, if only 'cause portions of it at filmed in the dark. Otherwise? Not a whole lot going for it.I'd rather recommend watching the originalBlair Witch Project, theParanormal Activityseries, or a personal favorite,Grave Encounters, which actually gives you the creepy visual stuff so many others are lacking...
This series isn't the best that I've seen, but it is at least entertaining enough to spend my time.  Fun to watch if you were a fan of the original.
I REALLY HATE IT BECASUE I DON'T LIKE IT THAT WAS REALLY SCARY AND WE DO NOT LIKE IT THAT WAS OK
Not their best season. Seems like there are some issues going on behind the scenes. Just my opinion, but somethings amiss.
Its like in the 70's when short movies by unknown homedirectors started to come out... all associated with the films think their movieis great caused its so different but i always saw them as wanna be home movies.this is a quality wanna be ....some will love it cause its different and more willlike it cause it does'nt follow the same protocol as most movies today.The only good thing about the version i bought is the 3d cover on the dvd.Instead of CGI to give the Tire better life, all we get is good angles at rollingaround and the tire shakes when it gets mad...and...Bottom Line...Boring. Eventhe exploding heads cant save this DVD.Use as coaster after view.
Beautifully made with some fine action sequences and good performances. Unfortunately, it becomes tedious for epic stretches between the battles.
I thought I might like this show since it included many of the actresses that I really like, but I guess the writing is really bad because the show was boring. I may give it another chance.
For this film to be directed by such a good director in the past. This film misses the mark. Another fictional POV film about an infection in the water off of Maine, that infects the town off shore. In my opinion skip this film, because theres nothing there that we havent already seen countless other times.
I didn't give a better rating for this season because while some of the episodes were definitely 5 stars, there were too many from the season that just weren't that great. Also, I know the program is a dramedy and parts are supposed to be funny, but many of the characters in this season were just horrendously stereotyped and some of the written material is borderline racist, sexist, etc. I realize the Sue Sylvester character is supposed to be an obnoxious b*tch, but I just think some things she and other characters state can be done differently.I particularly was incensed when in Season 3 one of the characters used the phrase "rice queen" when referring to the Asian boy character and Sylvester constantly calling Santana "Sandbags" is very sexist, unless I am misunderstanding something here.Although Sue Sylvester seems to become more human and tolerant later in the season, I still think she can be portrayed as a b*tch and be funny WITHOUT all the stereotyping and comments her character makes.I realize the show is attempting to fight hate and bullying and support the rights of many, but I seem to get mixed messages from the show's writers. I certainly don't want the show censored or told what to do by any person or organization; it should appear the way the creators want it to appear.Maybe the whole point of Murphy and company pushing the envelope is to get people to think, but it is difficult at times to know when they are just trying to be funny/cute and what times they are trying to be hateful and/or stereotypical to make a point.
I liked the first season of this series, it was somewhat original and quirky while being a bit stereo typed, the &#34;bad cop turned good&#34; and the &#34;conflicted girl with a heart of gold and a past&#34; set to a Miami Vice theme, alligators, Armani suits and bikinis. The second season wasn't bad, even though there was a strong sense of &#34;I've seen this before&#34; and the super hot woman police inspector/supervisor didn't work at all. By the third season this series has simply become an excuse to show hot girls in bikinis, there is no pretense of a story or anything resembling a mystery or a thriller. It's almost as if the writers got bored with it. Nicely produced, well filmed but the story got lost in a hot tub.........
It's simply not believable.  Well enough done I guess but just not credible and therefore kind of a waste of time.  If you are worn out by the day, have nothing else AT ALL to do maybe.  But a small maybe at best.
The Americans was okay but I will not be watching it again. It wasn't what I expected it to be.
something happened circa 09/11/01. This show kinda soured. I used to think this show was hilarious. And since 9/11 the episodes were bad. Not even funny. It was kinda nostalgic to see this in 2012, which is why I give it 3 stars  when it should have gotten 2. And for that I think it is worth seeing by anyone who used to enjoy them. But the story was not really funny and they are all just old. Even Bubbles looks like an old woman trying to play a young woman--clownish or even a parody of her character. Kinda sad I think. But the grandmother looks well and her age. She doesn't seem to age much I don't think. Anyway how many story lines can they make about drugs? I never thought that was funny in this show or any movie for that matter. I guess there are people who do . . . from the laughter I hear sometimes in the movie theatre.  But because they obviously are limited at this point in what they can come up with they just made this entire episode about drugs. It kinda in a strange way reminds me of Lucille Ball and I Love Lucy. She should have just stopped after I Love Lucy. Instead she continued in an awful way with The Lucy Show doing the same tired old skits in a new show. Some were literally the same plot in a new dressing. She just ruined the image. When you have a good thing know when to stop.
This promises to be a good quirky show about a fractured family's eccentric relationships.  Each parent and sibling portrayed has his or her own weakness for some fetish or minority sexual orientation.  That's the only way it can be phrased without judging one character or another's behavior.  Shows that pander to fantasies about sexual or societal deviance are not in short supply. Shows about families full of self centered pleasure seeking wierdos are also being copied with only minor changes in locale, set design or genre covering up their basic sameness.  For instance, Hannibal, Dexter, Son's of Anarchy in the crime genre are not that much different than Curb Your Enthusiasm, Shameless, Girls in the Comedy genre.  They all portray the same freedom of perversion without any moral judgments in the scripts to give some direction to the viewer that the behavior depicted may not be desirable or in the best interests of viewers.  Of course well grounded adults can make intelligent decisions about such behavior but anyone over 18 can watch this stuff and younger people are permitted by clueless parents to watch it or kids watch it on the sly.  The acts depicted, whether they be violent or sexual, are becoming more and more outlandish as each new show of this type test the boundaries of what is acceptable.  This review began with the statement that the show was &#34;good&#34;.  Yes.  It was well acted, the humor was well done.  The show was funny and entertaining.  But is there any need for another of this kind of series?
Here we have your standard creature feature with nearly every cliched element represented. You've got a group of cocky youngsters in a lake where there's no cell phone reception. You've got a curious mismatch of personalities, from the creepy loner to the blonde tease to the nerdy filmmaker wannabe and (of course) the alpha male joke. I mean, jock. You've even got a wizened old man who warns them about impending danger (they ignore the old fart, natch). Watch as they take a row boat into the middle of a lake and begin getting picked off, one by one, by some kind of giant, carnivorous fish.Let's start with the only thing that works. I almost gave this movie one star but I decided not to solely because of the performances. These kids aren't portraying any group of seniors you'd ever want to know in real life, but at least they threw themselves into their roles wholeheartedly. The majority of them did pretty decent jobs, so kudos to the cast. It's too bad that the writing and directing were so completely inept that it turned the acting into frosting on a turd cake.This is not to say the characters were any good. You've got Johnny, the morose moron who actually knew about the fish and didn't try to stop his so-called friends as they gadded about in the water. He spends 90% of his screen time sulking, scowling, and pouting for no real reason. It looked for all the world like they cast him just to give the film a poor man's replica of another Johnny -- Depp. Watch him emote! And demonstrate a total lack of responsibility or skill! There's the nebbish Zeke, who spends the bulk of the film either pitying or glorifying himself. There's three other people, including that blonde who is just plain enough to flirt shamelessly with everyone. The end result: they're all horrible jerks.I blame the script. The film is trying to make a point, believe it or not, about how loyalties and friendship can be strained when death is on the line, but it makes the point in a bumbling and repetitive way. Plus, given that every single one of these people is despicable and annoying, there's absolutely no "will-they-won't-they" tension to the story. In fact, roughly forty minutes into the film I found my allegiances changing over to the fish. "Hurry up, fish," I thought. "What are you waiting for?" Instead of providing some kind of sympathetic figure to give the tale forward momentum, you've got people yelling and crying and endangering each others' lives for no reason other than because it's dramatic. Or supposed to be.Speaking of forward momentum, let's talk about how it takes five healthy kids something like ten hours to paddle a boat approximately two to three hundred yards to shore. The film wants you to feel like they're trapped in the middle of this lake (the fish quickly dispatches of their oars, but only because they idiotically use them to jab at the thing whenever it gets near), but it seems highly unlikely, since we are shown that the stuff they throw out of the boat (junk food, etc.) washes up on the shore hours before the end of the film. Even if you accept that the boat is somehow in a dead zone, they come up with the bright idea to vote people off the boat to distract the fish so that they can then paddle with their hands to the shore. The first time they do this, it buys them a paltry thirty seconds of time. But they keep doing it, over and over, and -- what a shock -- it never gets them anywhere.With a concept like this, viewers will be astonished less by the B-grade effects of the fish (when it's underwater, it seems pretty well done, but it surfaces enough times for you to sense that it's a glorified balloon) or by the violent turns these friends make, and more by how everything is essentially the result of stupid people being stupid. That's only good cinema if you're making a comedy. Sometimes B-grade horrors like this can be so bad they're funny, but such is not the case here. The film is a joke, for certain, but it takes itself so seriously that it inspires less friendly enjoyment and more irritated head shakes. If they remade it from the fish's point of view, it would probably be silly enough to be good times, but as it is, it's nothing but fairly talented young actors pouring their hearts out for weak, watery schlock.
My 4th season watching and Tod is as much a leader as a snake oil salesman.  He's very good at convincing people to keep hoping.  Any his crew always believes him lol.  But seriously, how could he be so dumb to go to the jungle without basic spare parts?  Seem ridiculous as amateurs for them to roll in there thinking they would strike it rich. I also hate the way mining ruins the natural environment.
This review has little to do with this mediocre, typical British film.  I rate the video at two stars, max...I lived there for two years, and this is de'javou. (SP?).  This review is about amazon prime streaming video.  I rate that 5 stars.....Anyone having issues with streaming video should look first to their internet connection/provider.  Then, look at your computer system.  I was having difficulty getting a good stream from anyone, (Hulu,WB, and Amazon) and I blamed them all for not providing the stream.  Not true, the stream was there, uninterrupted and in HD.  My provider insisted I was getting 1.5 meg,  I was not, the max I ever got was 664 Kb.  The liar was my internet provider, I should sue them for lying.I bitched about it for 6 mos, and low and behold, a few days ago I started receiving a 2.5 Meg uninterrupted stream.  You can't imagine the difference that made.But that's just part of the story,  I also installed an Nvidia video card, 1GIG, designed for streaming, whoaaa night and day, especially sound quality.  So if you are into streaming, hope this is helpful information.Only negative with Amazon, is they don't encode CC....  That would be a real plus, if they did......
did not care for casting at all ther out put projection was very week made move une conconvincing. did not watch whole movie.
This story of robbery went wrong and the brother sister criminals tried to escape with the loot in the snowy countryand held locals as hostages is so old, forced and predictable that it is boring.It is a complete waste of (this viewer's) time.Second worst film of recent years, after "The Paper Boy".
This is a light weight but pleasant way too spend some down time. The thing I like most was that the episodes don't end with a car chase or a gun battle, just the killer being knapped.  Kind of nice to see Florida scenery.
In the future the cult of celebrity reaches an inane position. People are famous for being famous. They pay to contract the same disease as a celebrity in order to feel closer to them. Meat is grown. synthesized from their DNA and is sold and consumed.Syd March (Caleb Landry Jones) works for the Lucus Clinic an agency whose flagship celebrity is Hannah Geist (Sarah Gadon). He freelances on the side, which causes trouble. He contracts a deadly virus shared by Hannah.The film questions today's celebrity craze, reality star society. I found it interesting and engrossing, but lacking in entertainment as our star mopes about the screen. The dialogue and action was boring and slow. While the film clearly questions the celebrity cult, it fails to create a satire with bite.Makes for an interesting, near thought provoking rental.Parental Guide: No f-bombs (?), No sex. Brief nudity.
Starts off with an interesting premise but very quickly gets mired in predictable twists and plot holes. If a character has a choice between calling the police for help and running toward danger, they run to danger.  From the get go a woman confronts and intruder, breaks free and then instead of running out the front door she instead runs past the exit, up the stairs and into a bathroom with no window.  In her own house.  Respect for the hero goes south as he blunders past painfully obvious clues.  Not worth paying for the rental, if you liked Inception and Dreamscape you'll be disappointed with this.
I went into this movie without any expectations, but I like wedding movies and thought I'd give it a try.  The primary female character has great screen presence. The story had potential, and I enjoyed the flash back technique used to tell the story. But the plot moved slowly and didn't quite close the loop. Kind of ended with a thud.
In the time since Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) was kidnapped, the United States has become a dangerous place.  Suicide bombers hit the country on a regular basis, and no one is safe.  New President Wayne Palmer (D. B. Woodside) has arranged Jack's release from a Chinese prison camp.  Jack is to be traded to the terrorists in exchange for a promised cease fire.Jack agrees to give his life for the peace of his country.  But when he finds out that it was all a lie, he escapes to begin another cat and mouse hunt with the terrorists.  Only this time, they've already struck once, leading to a calamity.  Meanwhile, the trail leads Jack to his own family.  What secrets are his dad and brother hiding?  Can he stop the terrorists before they unleash even more terror on America?And more importantly, what happened to this once great show?  I've been a fan of this show since season one.  While my favorite season was the third, I've thought all of the previous seasons were great.  But not this one.Part of the problem was the been there, done that factor.  The writers seem to be out of plot twists, so they are relying on the same one stand bys.  Unfortunately, loyal viewers can see those coming.  There was very little here that we hadn't seen before, which made the season boring.The other big problem was the dropped storylines.  Several times, a story was introduced and dropped in a matter of episodes.  Sometimes, they came back, sometimes they didn't, leaving us hanging.  Add to that the increase of personal drama over suspense, and you've got a lack luster season.Now, it wasn't all bad.  This season was still entertaining.  But compared to the previous years, day six was a real let down.
Wish I could choose 2 1/2 stars.  What I'm looking for in these shows is quantitative evidence.  The cameras in the house are tampered with post production.  FX are added, etc.This makes the main content badly unbelievable and a construction.
This is the only one of the five of the latest pilots here at Amazon where I am kind of going: "hmmm..."Let's focus on the good:  It was interesting to see the CAA building there in Century City ("Prism Investments" is the Fidelity office lol);  CGI work was outstanding -- at least the Century City (?) "eotwawki" scenes;  Admirable follow through (a credit to the writer) by the characters -- the two actually returning to the garage on their own recognizance;  Casting was solid.Me? I have never watched a single episode of X-Files, Lost or Survivor (not kidding).Maybe it's because I'm in my forties or something, but overall, I'm not really "feeling it" on this pilot.  The twelve year old me wouldn't have been "feeling it" either, unfortunately.  And frankly I'm wondering if this show's writer(s) and producers sincerely were/are, themselves...Will give it three stars for the effort -- maybe a few more episodes will prove the show merits four or five stars.Amazon, do give it a chance to stretch it's legs, though.  If it starts to walk, kill it (kidding). Hail Jeff Bezos.
I decided to pay $4 because Entertainment Weekly gave this movie an A. But I was sorely disappointed. It's a crap movie. And Amazon's video quality was horrifying. I've watched a few other things on Amazon Prime and had no trouble, but this was a mess, tech-wise.
I liked Jeff Dunham on his TV appearances but was disappointed in this show.  I guess he thinks he has to have some crude content to be funny.
Horton Foote (1916 - 2009) ) was an American playwright and screenwriter, perhaps best known for his Academy Award-winning screenplays for the 1962 film To Kill a Mockingbird and the 1983 film Tender Mercies, and his notable live television dramas during the Golden Age of Television. He received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1995 for his play The Young Man From Atlanta. His last original screenplay as MAIN STREET: it is fortunate that he didn't live to see it produced.  MAIN STREET seems to have something to say - that the economic crisis has devastated small towns to the point of making questionable decisions out of desperation about improving their near ghost town status; that lessons from around the world (Chernobyl and Fukushima, etc) about toxic waste too often go unheeded; that flight of youth from small towns merely to seek change is not always emotionally convincing a decision: that family history and the accoutrements of same don't necessarily guarantee survival for descendants. And out of these plausible concerns could come a decent story, but here the result is flatline. In his film debut as a director John Doyle (known for fine productions of the operas Peter Grimes, The Rise and Fall of the City of Mahagonny, and the musical comedy Company) he fails to show a grasp of the use of film to tell a story and we are left with a stew of separate ingredients that seem almost immiscible.Durham, North Carolina is the setting - a town shrinking by the year because of lack of jobs and crumbling businesses - and the major (Isiah Whitlock Jr.) is desperate, deciding whether to schedule or move or cancel the annual parade from Thanksgiving to Christmas due to the town's lack of interest and depression.  Enter Gus Leroy (Colin Firth) who has rented a defunct tobacco warehouse from a town widow Georgiana Carr (Ellen Burstyn) to store canisters of Hazardous Waste awaiting transport to Vernon, Texas for burying: Leroy's apparent Ecology informed company offers the Durham city council the opportunity for economic resurrection.  Georgiana has misgivings about the rental and is faced with the fact that her trust fund form her wealthy father is depleted and she must consider selling the mansion in which she has lived since her birth.  She seeks advice form her niece Willa (Patricia Clarkson) who at first objects but on meeting Leroy falls for the man and the project.  As a sidebar another family faces changes: young Mary Saunders (Amber Tamblyn) is under the spell of her boss (Andrew McCarthy) but still loves her high school sweetheart Harris (Orlando Bloom), a young cop who is studying law at night and living with his depressed mother (Margo Martindale), urging Harris to 'go steady' with Mary and forget law school to stay in Durham.  The human factor enters: there is an accident of one truck hauling canisters (and event that changes the outlook of the wannabe entrepreneur Leroy), Mary's boss is married, and the concept of 'progress' in the decaying town of Durham changes along with the changes in the folk involved in the story.Aside from failing to involve the audience in the story or the characters, the conundrum is why would such a stellar cast of brilliant actors (Colin Firth, Patricia Clarkson, Ellen Burstyn, Orlando Bloom) sign on for such an obvious box office disaster (it is yet to be released)?  One can only assume that it was an homage to the memory of the brilliant writer Horton Foote.  It is a shame this screenplay is the last note of the legacy he left us. Grady Harp, August 11
I like the show, but Candace gets on my nerves. She is such a drama queen and yells waayyyy to much. I think Phineas and Ferb are really cool, creative and smart though. The villian and Perry is also a cool part of the show. The villian is almost likeable. Which is good. He's just a bit misguided.
Mom's the bread winner, dad's the well meaning idiot, the kids are witty, and there's a superhero involved.  I can't take these formula CGI proposals anymore.  After a plethora of superhero flicks and CGI animation, with cross pollination of the same, I can't say that I found a whole lot of originality in the first twenty minutes of what I saw.It didn't hold my attention for all of the character reasons I mentioned in the first paragraph.  Maybe it's just me, but I'm really sick and tired of the man in the family always being the double digit IQ stay at home dad, and equally tired of the kids and mom knowing more than dad does.And does the world really need another superhero movie?  Well, one more couldn't hurt.  But domestic issues, to me, do not a movie make.I may try to give it another shot, but for now it's lost me.Rescreen; July 4th, 2013It's as bad as I thought it would be, and worse.  The "villain" isn't much of a villain, and the overall film is flat and lacks vision.  And the alleged superhero doesn't do much superhero work.  With a script put together by a committee and a market research team, thing is as sociopathic as they come.Having said all that, I'm sure it'll recoup its cost in the market, but returns will be modest at best at its current status.Avoid this thing or watch it with some comfort food, because you'll need it.
I liked the music and overall I liked it, I guess it just didn't move me all that much. They did use the F-word quite a bit, I didn't factor that into my rating scales though.
Background... Republicans housed up in a &#34;condo&#34; somewhere in Washington.Characters are somewhat interesting, plot... well, no real progression through the series plot, more like a weekly sitcom with a bit of carry over from one episode to the other.Trudeau (Doonesbury fame), is the major driving force behind a lot of this, and honestly, I never clicked all that well with Doonesbury.So, thinking it's an acquired taste, I have been watching the series.Started out as less than okay, slow, stilted conversations, not a lot of bantering interaction with speed (something that I like, see Sherlock)....But it's been growing on me, last episode or two it's been picking up and they've even thrown in some &#34;sight gags&#34; that to my mind worked.So, started a 2, about a 3 now, but showing signs of getting better.Personally, if I hadn't invested time in it already (and somewhat desperate as a cable cutter), I'd wait it out the first season, pick it up on the second (where I'm hoping it will gain more momentum), and back track to the first season, just to backfill my knowledge of the characters.Pilot by the way, had Bill Murray in it for all of about 5 minutes, but was the highlight of that episode.
A somewhat far fetched plot that keeps you interested in where the heck this is going feeling. If you are looking for something to watch, that doesnt need to be a five star movie, this is a decent choice.
I love good humor. I love clever humor. I love stupid humor. I even love good raunchy humor. This show is none of these things. It's barely funny. If a few high school kids came up with this stuff, it might be funny. But not from an adult. I guess if Dane Cook can be famous so can any other idiot!
Titus Welliver gives a strong performance as Bosch and parallel plotlines give an interesting twist to a tired genre.  Some glaring errors in fact (having cougar plaintiff's lawyer approach and banter with defendant without his lawyer present would get her disbarred).  Enjoyed seeing cast that look like real people (plaintiff lawyer excepted).  Writing needs a little tightening as having a lawyer violate ethical rules for dramatic effect is jarring and should be avoided.  Otherwise, the show is really worth watching for a full season.
So this movie is like hallucinating on Ambien while watching some children's horror movie.  It is scattered and overly silly.  Plainly, it is just a dumb film not worth watching till the end.  Although, I do in fact hope that all the characters die in the end.  I stopped watching it after its incoherent, flopping scenes just made no sense.  This movie had a chance to be entertaining.  It had good effects, a couple interesting and weird ideas, but it is a lot of trouble to get through.Not recommended, unless you frequently read Goosebumps books while on Ambien.
Didn't really give it a fair shot, but seemed predictable.
Casting for main character all wrong.  Mediocre writing, very off base cop to gang relationship.  It seems as if they cast MR. Rogers to be the bad ass, almost impossable to believer.
A DARK TRUTH is a polished, formulaic, badly paced, and quite predictable tale of corporate and governmental greed and evil. While it's understood that this film is supposedly based on a true story, the plot and conflict are half-baked and far-fetched (but not impossible). Moreover, the give-away dialogue is stilted and unnatural. The Ecuadorian Army must feel affronted by A DARK TRUTH's portrayal of its troops as both malignant and remarkably inept. Finally, the Toronto sequences are much more engaging and realistic than the Ecuadorian ones (filmed in the Dominican Republic), though unfortunately, the latter predominate here.Good performances by Whitaker and Coates. Best of all are both the character of Morgan Swinton and Deborah Unger's portrayal of her--too bad she's absent throughout most of the draggy mid-sections of the film.
I like the British actors better...like many series...it may be slipping into zombie overload...oh, wait...they haven't brought that in yet have they? Maybe I missed that episode.
I am still uncertain as to whether I should call "Rubber" a comedy or a horror. Whatever the film is, watching an ordinary-looking tire (billed as "Robert") killing animals and people in a David Cronenberg fashion is certainly a unique experience. The film's absurd premise - perhaps more absurd than that of "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes!" - interests us for the first 30 minutes or so, but the film soon runs out of trick, having nothing to add to the original concept of a stalking tire."Rubber" is about a killer tire roaming and murdering people in a California desert. You should not ask why it has to be a tire, because, as Lieutenant Chad (Stephen Spinella) warns you, these things happen for no reason. The tire destroys everything that happens to be in its path. Again, you shouldn't ask why. It just does."Rubber" is very self-conscious. In the film "audiences" or "spectators" (including Wings Hauser) are seen watching what is going on through their binoculars. One character breaks the fourth wall, talking directly to the camera. Wings Hauser's character (or "spectator") points out the film's weakness to us. Interestingly, what he says about the film he is in is exactly what I was thinking. But then I thought: Do we need all these things?The most interesting aspect of "Rubber" is the special effects used to make the killer tire look alive. Its movement is natural and creepy.Unfortunately, what the tire does in the film is repetitious and pretty boring. According to Lieutenant Chad, this film is `homage to the "no reason."' That is fine. There is no reason for a tire to kill people. But there is a reason for an 82-minute film to feel drawn-out.
This movie (Monsters) was okay...it kept my interest but too much was unexplained and left up to my limited imagination.
Utilizing the increasingly popular "found footage" genre that combines elements of the thriller into a faux documentary presentation, "Hollow" takes a rather slight story and serves up exactly what you might expect. It seems like many absolutely loathed "Hollow," but I think some of those people were expecting a full-on horror show. There is some creepiness, but this presentation doesn't show you much of anything that will actually scare you. It tries to get you to jump at jarring noises, that's the extent of its thrills. Neither particularly good or bad, this is a film with limited ambition or originality. I watched this with a friend, and when the movie ended--he turned to me and said "well, that was just what I thought it would be." It's not that either of us hated the film--far from it--we simply thought it lacked any real element of surprise. It's reasonably well made and the actors are appealing enough. It just lacks impact from a plotting standpoint. You've seen it all before and oftentimes better.Four friends venture to the countryside to a family estate for a weekend. Set in Suffolk, England, the house borders a creepy monastery with a history of driving local youths to suicide. The friends, comprised of two couples, make the best of things with no electricity and increasingly mysterious goings-on. As usual, it doesn't occur to anyone to leave until things have progressed too far. As an extra annoyance, they decide to film absolutely everything. Yes, this is one of those movies! Someone is always holding a camera! Tension, and even madness, starts to infiltrate the group. Can they work against a curse? Can they survive a murderer? Can they stay united? Just what is out there in the hollow? And for goodness sake, that's the best darn camera battery I've ever seen! If you want complex mythology to explain the nightmare, it's never really developed in any depth.For all that, though, "Hollow" is surprisingly well acted. What the screenplay lacks in horror, it makes up with some actual character development. The primary quartet are all quite believable. Emily Plumtree, Sam Stockman, Matt Stokoe, and Jessica Ellerby play the four leads. As the stress of the weekend starts to divide them, each turns in a performance that was more convincing that I had anticipated. Seriously, I think they all have the potential to go on to bigger projects. As much as I want to recommend "Hollow" for this reason, though, I'm still unable. The back story is both derivative and only vaguely explored. And in a movie that is trying to ratchet up the tension, this is a fatal mistake. I'd personally be happy if I never saw another "found footage" thriller. Too often, the genre lends itself to sloppy storytelling. Performances at 4 stars, plot at 2 stars, scares at 1 1/2 stars. The DVD/Blu-ray packaging might convince you that this is a horror story, but it's really a piece about relationships under duress. KGHarris, 2/13.
I liked this season enough to watch it but don't LOVE it like I loved the first couple of seasons.  There are WAY too many characters to have a real story and there's just too much going on.  It's also super corny and too much &#34;Trying to teach a lesson&#34; and trying to be too politically correct.  Still love the songs tho.
I applaud the effort put into this movie and am editing my review after further consideration. The uniqueness of the girl's talent needs upgrading. I believe that would go a long way in increasing interest.
This show I would never watch. I did not like it at all. that is not to say its bad just bad for me. enjoy and watch if you like it just leaving my review.
I had high hopes for this show, but now I see that it has been cancelled and will only run for 13 episodes. Sadly I am not completely surprised. This show really tries, and I think for many, it does not move fast enough. I was hoping also that since Terry O'Quinn from Lost was featured, that it would have more to offer, but I like O'Quinn's character and the rest of the cast in fact. That is the only reason that I keep watching. I like strange and creepy shows like this, and have been since the days of Twilight Zone, One Step Beyond, The Outer Limits, Lost, Fringe, etc. I do like the setting for this show; a haunted old building called the Drake converted to an upscale apartment complex, and modern tenants confronted with the paranormal. I only hope that there will be other shows that are more successful aired in the future.
It's okay, really mediocre. I didn't really laugh, only let out a few chuckles here and there. Doesn't make great use of the gift to mankind that is John Goodman. And to be honest, he and Matt Malloy are the only reasons I'm even giving it 3 stars. Also, sometimes some of the actors deliver lines that could be funny, in a way that doesn't make me laugh at all. Maybe they're still trying to get in the groove of the show, but it's a problem as of now.Onion News Empire would've been a far better choice for a series IMO.
Screenwriter Guillermo Arriaga's big-screen collaborations with director Alejandro Gonz&aacute;lez I&ntilde;&aacute;rritu have produced a trio of highly accomplished films -Amores Perros,21 Grams, andBabel- that juxtaposed several storylines, all tied together by characters who were damaged souls in search of redemption and connection with one another. Although the two had a very public falling-out, Arriaga still appears to be strongly influenced by his former partner's jumbled filmmaking style as he takes over the director's chair with this 2009 drama. The chief problem, however, is that Arriaga doesn't really show I&ntilde;&aacute;rritu's passion and audacity as he attempts to pull off the considerable demands of a non-linear narrative with conviction. Moreover, Arriaga the screenwriter lets down Arriaga the director with a script that ultimately feels too predictable and contrived despite strong performances from the cast.There looks to be four separate stories at the outset, which eventually transitions into two. The first involves Sylvia, the manager of an upscale, seaside restaurant in Portland, an extremely pained woman who prefers casual sex followed by self-inflicted punishment. She is obviously anguished over something that motivates her erratic behavior. The second thread takes place in New Mexico near the Mexican border where Gina, an unhappily married mother of four, is carrying on an affair with a local man named Nick, also married with children. The complication here is that her daughter Mariana finds out about the affair and embarks on a relationship with Nick's son Santiago. Meanwhile, in Mexico, a crop-duster plane crash-lands on an open field, as his twelve-year-old daughter Maria watches in horror.Arriaga's fractured approach works for a little while albeit in an emotionally draining, humorless way. However, when the moment of revelation arrives (and much too early), the plot unravels into a Lifetime TV-movie level of sanctimony obscured by the fiery explosion that gives the movie its name. Proving yet again that a beautiful woman can convincingly expose the torment of a soul under fire, Charlize Theron successfully makes the nihilistic Sylvia an ultimately sympathetic figure. Kim Basinger, looking entirely too stunning and wrinkle-free at 55 to be a K-Mart-shopping housewife, manages to get to the heart of a guilt-ridden woman, even as she shows Gina going through the predictable machinations of her illicit actions.The stand-out performance, however, comes from Jennifer Lawrence, a Jewel look-alike, as the troubled teen Mariana, the dramatic pivot for the whole movie. Tessa Ia makes a strong impression as the pensive Maria, while the men barely make a ripple - John Corbett as a smitten sous-chef in Sylvia's restaurant, Joaquim de Almeida as the passionate Nick, Jos&eacute; Mar&iacute;a Yazpik as the go-between Carlos, and Danny Pino as the pilot. The one exception is J.D. Pardo who plays Santiago as the impetuous Romeo to Lawrence's Juliet. Robin Tunney shows up in a smallish role as Sylvia's one true friend. Robert Elswit and John Toll share cinematography responsibilities here, and they do an excellent job capturing all the locales. At the end of the movie, I couldn't help thinking that Arriaga's yin was fundamentally missing I&ntilde;&aacute;rritu's yang.
This season did not get my attentions as did season one and two.I think it may have ran it's course, we will see.
Movie lasts less than 2 hours.  Seemed like 3 hours.  Characters and script generally not believable.  This is directorial debut of a screenwriter.  Lack of directorial experience shows.  Excellent cast wasted.
But the story lines lack the draw of the earlier years, before everyone got together and made babies.  The pairing of Bones and Booth took away the flirty anticipation that was so much fun in the beginning years.
This fun, monster-driven B-horror movie follows The Thing's playbook.  It's entertaining, but I'm not going to suggest you break down doors to see it.Finally, a film with a message!  This film addresses the important questions, like &#34;What will happen to us if the polar ice caps melt?&#34;  The answer:  we'll all be starring in a mash-up of National Geographic and The Thing (2011)!  I figure this is the inconvenient truth that Al Gore wanted you all to think would happen as a result of global warming if you don't start investing in more solar panels.This film opens with blatant over-exposition &#34;explaining away&#34; why each character is important in a color-by-numbers format.  Our story takes place at a climate research station in the Alps housing four people and a dog.  Did you just cringe, thinking about the dog kennel scene in the original The Thing? Yeah&#8230;me, too.During some sort of &#34;weather patrol&#34; with the dog (wink, wink) they stumble across a &#34;blood glacier.&#34;  They briefly lose track of the dog and everyone somehow gets conveniently cut or bruised.  From here, the auspiciously scored &#34;infection sequence&#34; is so obvious there may as well be smoke signals.  But it's not just the researchers we have to worry about.  The blood from the thawing glacier infects the local wildlife with some hybridizing single-celled organism that mutates them into hideous monsters.  HOORAY!The effects are not exactly high-tech, but they get the job done and the clumsily-puppeted rubber creatures put a big grin on my face.  There's a beetle-fox mutant (think The Nest), a giant killer roly-poly (think The Bay), giant mosquitoes, evil mountain goats, insectoid birds of prey&#8230;see the grin forming yet?There's nothing in this movie you haven't seen before many times over.  The scene with examining and explaining the virus/parasite/mutagenic thing, the infected dog scene, watching the clock as infected people become a liability, pulsating parasitic infections housing brooding monsters&#8230; I mean, there's basically even a facehugger scene.SO, WHAT COULD HAVE BEEN BETTER?  Well, there is the bummer that this was not in English.  This isn't necessarily a &#34;flaw&#34;, but I don't speak German.  I saw it dubbed in English, so I wasn't distracted from the effects by &#34;reading&#34; the movie or anything.  But the dubbing quality was akin to a less-popular Anime and the characters' mood and enthusiasm rarely seems to match the scene.  You also get little appreciative sense of the acting and you can basically hear in the tone of the voice actors that they simply don't get paid enough to care.  I felt this especially detracted from the humor of the opening scene, in which the debilitatingly hungover technician Janek (Gerhard Liebmann) is called to fix a glitch in his underwear.Director Marvin Kren (ABCs of Death 2, Rammbock: Berlin Undead) successfully delivers a trope-rich, predictable, fun monster movie that should please horror fans and gorehounds.  I'd save this for the fanatical, though.  Folks who watch &#34;a scary movie&#34; once a month will likely consider this terrible.
It just happens sometimes.  This is a great movie for juveniles and YA's for Saturday nights or when it's raining or they don't want to do homework.  Basically the story is about 20-somethings who don't really know each other clearing a camp site for future use, and then all hell breaks loose.  It's standard issue slasher/horror with endless blood, delightfully bad acting, and an unlikely plot, to say the least, with a tease of sex tossed in.  You could do much better than this, but sometimes you just don't want to.
And yet another television series about the legal profession.  The legal firm in question is a small partnership whose practice is exclusive to rich and powerful corporations or CEOs with the exception of the mandatory pro bono work. The "twist" is that one of the associates passed the bar without attending any law school, much less Harvard Law. The scripts are run of the mill, but Gabriel Macht, and the actress who plays the head of the firm have enough magnetism to rise above the scripts.  Second lead, the young associate sans formal legal training is pleasant but IMHO lacks chops. The "villin" of the show, the attorney responsible for the care and feeding of new associates is "Dishonest John" without the mustache. The character is written way over the top, but the actor playing him is very watchable and skilled, he manages to make a ridiculous part seem credible, and his mobile features contribute immensely to making the show watchable.
Basically, an android figuring out her place in the world, and if she can have emotions. In the end, she becomes quite possessive of her human male friend.Strictly low budget. The special effects are not that great, but then, not many are needed. For the most part, this is an android story that's been told before (think Galaxina, all the way up the new Galactica Cylons). The acting is not that bad, only a couple of sets are even needed (a lot of the film takes place outside on an alien world).The female android is attractive in a simple way, wearing a bland black jumpsuit. Maybe by altering her outfit, the producer could have made the movie a bit more spicy. LOLAnyway, this film might be worth watching once, but that's about it.
I had to look it up to remember what it was about.  I suppose that, given all the scientific evidence that humans evolved from sea critters, it's not so surprising to find life in the ice on another planet, but like a lot of movies these days, more attention was paid to the special effects than to the characters.
But I would like the writers's of the story line to spend more time on the dialogue interaction between potential couples. There is good intensity and acting, but most moments pass so quickly,  a viewer can turn to reach for something and can miss a key turning point/invitation/commitment, etc., and then one gets lost in the story line.
Dubbed. Couldn't finish it.
I only watched the first episode of this season. The characters who were once loyal to each other, do nothing but backstabbing and no one can be trusted. To be honest, it is getting a bit old. No company, including law firms, could survive in the business world with all this conflict and the &#34;look out for #1&#34; attitude. I may watch another episode or two, but I am losing interest in this once outsaanding new show.
We love Pawn Stars and appreciate being able to stream it but...Amazon's responsiveness has been horrid!!! They must improve on the responsiveness of the equipment serving up these videos. I essentially gave up after viewing just one episode (which we loved).The problem isn't once the streaming starts, but it is getting the system to the point where an episode can be selected and then started. I'm using a Roku3 box.
this is a cute, odd and light show for me anyway. I will watch it when I am tired of the intensity of other &#34;murder&#34;mystery shows. The main character is unlike any other in a series, therefore, more interest on my part to seethe subplot develop. A refreshing change from the drill of horror and murder .....
Survivors (2008-10) is a BBC production based on a book by Terry Nation that ran for two seasons, each with six episodes.  The story follows a group of people in Britain, in the aftermath of a worldwide pandemic that leaves few left alive.  This version is the second BBC adaptation of Nation's work, as a series of the same name was also produced in the mid-1970's.The story opens just as a global pandemic goes critical, and kills most of the world's population.  In Britain, Abby Grant (Julie Graham) contracts the virus, but somehow manages to survive.  With her husband and her neighbors all dead, Abby leaves her suburban home to search for her son Peter, who is away at school.  While on the road, Abby meets Greg Preston (Paterson Joseph), and they decide to travel together.  They find other survivors, that include Anya Raczynski (Zoe Tapper) a doctor, escaped convict Tom Price (Max Beesley), playboy Al Sadiq (Phillip Rhys), and Najid Hanif (Chahak Patel), a young boy.Banding together, the group takes up residence in a large house.  They forage for food and supplies from supermarkets, and homes, but somehow don't seem to gather any weapons or many tools.  On one of their forays, they are challenged by another band of survivors, led by a dislikable fellow named Dexter (Anthony Flanagan), who threatens them with a shotgun.  In a lawless world, Dexter seems to exercise some restraint, by not killing anyone.Joined by Sara (Robyn Addison), the group works together peaceably, while Abby often ventures off alone, looking for her son.  Abby finds a high tech settlement being run by Samantha Willis (Nikki Amuka-Bird), a former Government minister.  Willis seems rational, but has radical plans for the rebirth of a new government.  Abby is revolted by Willis' methods, yet strangely does little to dissuade her friends from going to the settlement, while she follows another lead to her son.The group is back together in Episode 5, which unfortunately is one of the low points of the season, as a religious group comes to stay at the house.  Fortunately, matters get back on track in the season finale, as Samantha Willis arrives at the house, and with Dexter as her aide, she attempts to implement more of her distorted vision.  The season closes violently, as Abby falls into the hands of a mysterious group, who will assume a major role in Season 2.Survivors features some interesting characters and is well acted, however as season progresses, the adventure is characterized by an increasingly pronounced disconnect with reality, that soon makes the program difficult to take seriously.  The limitations of television, no doubt contributes to what is a very "civilized" view of the breakdown of society.This is an unrealistic world where the roads are clear of abandoned vehicles, securing petrol is not a problem, there are no signs of the rotting dead, and few violent encounters or deaths.  With supposedly 99% of the population wiped out, people just keep popping up all over the place.  For the end of the world, things actually do not seem that bad.Abby Grant is a likeable and capable leader, but travelling alone without regard for safety is reckless.  The prospect of rape comes up a time or two, but it is quickly brushed away.  Most situations that feature violence are not handled well.  In general, the group has little regard for security, which often contributes to their finding themselves in trouble.While the writing falls short at times, the series is still entertaining, as an adventure that also explores different aspects of morality.  Although it often backs away from controversial issues, and is not suitable for the whole family, Survivors is certainly worth a watch, while available to Prime members in HD.  And for those that give the series a chance, the good news is that the writing actually improves appreciably in the second season.
Don't like real cop or drama shows. If you do you would like this because it shows how the cops handle a homiside.
I couldn't even bring myself to begin to start to even consider thinking about maybe watching this show. I seriously have no idea what the other reviewers saw that made them want to watch this but everyone is entitled to their own opinion I suppose. I hope to never see this preview, show, picture of the show or hear the dumpy white character talk like she is from the ghetto every again or I may turn into a serial killer and murder all the cartoon characters in the world. Really Amazon, this is what you think people will watch??????? Jump over to Netflix and check out House of Cards.
I really did love this show, until the characters started changing and the story line took off in a different direction.  Bring back all the old characters.  They were great.  The new ones are ok, but don't think I&#34;ll be watching this show if it continues on the same path.
You need to use the type of CGG that &#34;Archer&#34; uses rather than this stiff cartoonish animation. I could not watch past the first 5 minutes.The story is just too ho-hum. I would never even stream the thing let alone go to a theatre to view. Sorry. Try again.
&#34;What if we can get through this and there's life on the other side? If there is I want to be here with you, this is how I want to live.&#34; When her parents send her to the English countryside to stay with relatives Daisy (Ronan) thinks her life is over. After meeting someone she begins to loosed up and thinks she has found love. When a sudden attack leaves them all scattered it is up to her to escape the work camp and lead her cousin back home and to the family she left behind. All the while hoping the boys are really there. So the best and easiest way to describe this movie is a love story version of Red Dawn. The main difference is the kids aren't shown fighting back. This is a movie about a girl who hates everything transformed into someone who is trying to protect her cousin and lead her to a place of safety to be with the one person she has ever loved. While this does sound really girly it isn't as bad as it sounds. It's not that bad and worth watching, both men and women will get something out of it. Overall, nothing to rush and see but well worth checking out. I give it a B-.
It seems every year Hollywood dumps out a movie that is some combination of zombies, alien invasion, gory violence, gunplay and swordfighting all rolled into one.  For 2008, this was Mutant Chronicles, a movie about an ancient alien device that is re-awakened by WWIII and starts to turn mankind into zombies.  An international crew of soldiers, both guys and gals, are teamed up to destroy, or at least turn of, the alien device.  The movie has nothing special about its plot, dialogue, or even special effects.  All in all, a waste of almost 2 hours.
First of all very well produced. And the lead is wonderful and natural. But I still feel as if I've been there done this before. Wish I could see a show with older characters, more depth and more minorities in stronger roles.Are all people on Earth into drugs, casual sex , and fragile egos? Maybe that's what the writers and creators know and are familiar with. The first key to writing is write what you know. So with that in mind, I am sure there is an ongoing audience for this material.But it does not seem as original as &#34;Orange is the New Black&#34; or &#34;Breaking Bad&#34; But it is by far wayyyyyyyy better than Amazon's &#34;Alpha House.&#34;I am not a huge fan of classical music but I do enjoy it. So I enjoyed the show for that reason alone.I think the Amazon team might be better served producing dramedies with an hour long format that will give it time to develop story, plot and characters a bit more. And perhaps introduce some truly new voices to the process. Sure it's nice to have &#34;big names&#34; on board to promote a new venture. But with the big names comes to same old, old stuff, sensibilities and ideas.Let's shake things up a bit more and TRULY bring something new to the table.
Glorified nonsense!  But someone has to do it.  Some of it makes sense, some doesn't.  Don't take it too seriously and you'll find it worth watching.
This movie is a failure on so many levels.  Let's tackle the mundane first: It is boring, slow, and barely has a plot.  It milks the kid's sickness like a farmer on meth--to the point of mind-numbing nausea.  Melodrama anyone?The acting is terrible.  You may ask, &#34;Really? Even Kinnear?&#34;  Yes.  You know why?  Because these actors know that they are participating in a fraud, a money-making venture that is exploiting an attention-starved child to support his overzealous Christian parents.Jesus rides a rainbow horse.  Everybody has wings in Heaven.  The Holy Spirit basically looks like BooBerry.  Come on, now.If you think the movie is full of nonsense, read the book.  It will blow your mind that anyone gets away with this.  Really.  Colton's dad is going to fight in the end time.  It's going to be just as Revelation claims!  Literally.  Monsters and all.This movie is really about the father and, to a lesser extent, the mother.  Two poor Christians looking to make a spectacle of their child in order to bring in the cash flow.  The movie is less obvious than the book, but their true selves shine through.  This is not about a child's trip to Heaven.  It is about a father's manufacturing of an experience to excite complacent or bored Christians into coming to church and tithing like ATM's with food poisoning.No?  Look up how long it took for this &#34;experience&#34; to be revealed/reported to the world.  About as long as it takes to write a novel or two.Disgusting and heart-wrenching.  This child only wants to be loved and recognized and accepted as he is.  Yet he needs to jump through hoops and participate in an unconscionable fiction to gain his parents' attention.  This movie is an excellent eye-opener for the religious.  Stay home with your children more days than you go to church.  Maybe those prayer meetings can be skipped to show love to your child.AVOID AT ALL COSTS.  Certainly do not PAY for this tripe.
"It's a good sign when you feel a little bad." Brother and sister Addison (Bana) and Liza (Wilde) have just robbed a casino and are making their getaway when they get into an accident. Jay (Hunnam) is fresh out of jail and is looking for answers as to why he took the fall. When all their paths cross things turn for the worse. This is a movie I was looking forward too. The cast had me interested right away. The movie started off fast and never really slowed down. It is a movie where you seem to be one step ahead of what is going on though and that kind of hurts the overall enjoyment. When you can predict 90% of what is going to happen before it does you start to lose interest, at least I do. I did like the movie and I would recommend it but don't expect a lot of twists. The movie was good and entertaining though and the cast was great but a few twists could have made it better. Overall, an enjoyable movie that could have been better if it wasn't so predictable. I give it a B.
I've watched ER through 10 years, House for its duration and Grey's Anatomy for 7 years. I really enjoy medical shows. But even I know when its time to give up the ghost. Grey's has reached its end time. Would hope they don't let it drag on like ER. Story lines are getting too similar.
I used to really like Dual Survival but the new season with Joe Teti SUCKS.He maybe a great special ops man but Stinks at this just way to arrogant. mikyle Hawks would have been a better pick. Or better yet whatever the controversy is with Dave Canterbury(and yes we've all heard big deal) could have been overcome like the whole Bear Grills thing if someone at discovery hadn't freaked. AS is show is not worth watching anymore let alone buy.whole show is headed toward oblivion if discovery doesn't do something fast.And that would be a sad loss.
Still a good show and the cast is great, but its missing Lisa. Where did she go? Bring her back and keep it goin.
I found Chef Ramsay's screaming extremely hard to take. I had not watched this series before, and I would not purchase another year's version. What I did like about it was that more attention was given to actual cooking than on other similar reality shows. And I liked that when it got down to the final three contestants, Chef Ramsay was very kind to all. But before that, I found him angry and demeaning and I can't help but think his approach made it more difficult for everyone involved.
"The Innkeepers" is a thinking person's ghost story. That is what the latest effort from writer/director Ti West ("The House of the Devil") attempts to be. He would not resort to such familiar tricks as gores and loud noises to scare his audiences. That is a good thing. Unfortunately, the premise of "The Innkeepers," good as it is, ends up being poorly executed. In short, the film is atmospheric and sporadically scary, but all in all tedious."The Innkeepers" centers on two hotel clerks Claire (Sara Paxton) and Luke (Pat Healy) working for The Yankee Pedlar Inn that will close down soon. The hotel, it is rumored, is haunted by the ghost of Madeline O'Malley, a bride who died a tragic death many years ago. Claire and Luke, both enthusiastic about ghost stories and other paranormal activities, Claire and Luke, start investigating the legendary ghost, equipped with ghost hunting gear.Ti West as director employs a slow-burn approach for the first hour or so, keeping the pace deliberately slow with false alarms. That is not a bad idea. Then, while he ratchets up the tension towards the climax, he also leaves the interpretation of several key events open to our imagination. The problem is, most viewers would lose interest in what is going on before the film finally gets interesting."The Innkeepers" takes too much time in setting up the characters and the inn's back stories. Claire is a college drop-out who does not know what she wants to do, while Luke is a self-proclaimed paranormal investigator. Besides that, not much is revealed about them. With the arrival of former actress Leanne Rease-Jones (Kelly McGillis) as a guest, who gives a warning to Claire, the story finally knows where it should go.Even then, without a compelling storyline and teasing details, the film keeps us waiting for the climax that is pretty good. Until then "The Innkeepers" is all about suggestions and insinuations about what to come in the end, but the characters' motives remain unclear and unconvincing, and the suggested mysteries are not intriguing. Not saying everything is a time-tested technique to build interest and tension, to be sure, but taking too much time to do so (and saying too little for that matter) is a different thing.
Clever ensemble cast. The three principal teacher characters already have distinct identities without being stereotypes - unusual this early in any new show. The school principal with a new age / hippy view of the world is refreshingly different as is the boozing war vet with an attitude. I actually found myself surprised by the show's twists and turns. Reminded me of Vacation and the classic WKRP. Has a real chance if they can introduce some interesting oddball students to the mix.
Note: I saw up the first four or five episodes of this show via XFinity On Demand in HD.After a suspenseful, shocking, exciting, harrowing and quite literally edge-of-your-seat season finale, I had high hopes for Season III. But they were dashed by spoilers on Facebook ruining the first few episodes with 'spoiler-free' teasers, and a shocking bit of switchhitting that occured towards the end of the fourth or fifth episode. Right then and there, I decided to stop viewing the show.Previously, the switchhitting had only been implied through discreet camera angles or a quick cut to another scene, but this was the first time anything like that had been openly shown on camera, and I was horribly disappointed.ABC, you screwed up big-time. Shame on you not only for openly allowing this filth to be shown on screen, but also in letting Mike Kelley go. I doubt he'd approve of the way you've let his show go down the drain into muck.
out of the two episodes I bought of NCIS:LA this one would not play correctly.  I have had that happen only once before (Machine Gun Minister), and it was blamed on my internet connect.  Unfortunately, that is not what I have come to find out.  For I have watched many of the programs that I have bought back to back and out of all of them this and another were the only two I encountered problems with.  So no I could not rate this a success because of the reloading and reloading I have encountered all three times I tried to watch it. I have bought two seasons all have worked fine, then two episodes and only one works fine.  Two movies and only one worked fine too. So I am not happy with those two instances.  I have tried to play the NCIS:LA Episode three times each time with the same results. So in some instances I think the streaming is very erratic. I do not have this problem when watching Netflix.
An interesting movie but very dark.  I watched it once and decided I probably wouldn't watch it again.  I donated it to my local library.
I love southern gothic (like Cormac McCarthy's "Suttree") but this film is missing it's only crucial ingredient...truth.  The symbolism is very clumsy and the adults hopelessly stereotyped.  Like Bjork's "Dancer In The Dark" it had me and then it lost me in an ocean of self-indulgent bitterness.
The production values are high, the performances very good, but...The title is a bit of false advertising.  The main character is actually Will Graham, the tormented profiler previously played by William Petersen (in MANHUNTER) and Edward Norton (in the remake RED DRAGON).  Here Hugh Dancy takes over the role, and he does a good job with Graham's obsessiveness and vulnerability.  Mads Mikkelsen also gives a typically strong performance as a poker-faced Lector, and Laurence Fishburne rounds out the trio as Graham's boss Jack Crawford.  However, my gripe with this series is that it's not terribly interesting and doesn't really approach the material from a new angle.  Perhaps I've OD'd on serial killers and profilers on TV, but the gore is now just tiresome and the procedural aspects unsatisfying.  It's considerably smarter that Fox's cheesy THE FOLLOWING, but it's still a case of "been there, done that".
"The Friends of Eddie Coyle" is a 1970's crime movie, with great dialogue, acting, and intrigue. The movie reminded me of "The Sopranos" more than classic film noir. "Eddie Coyle" is more realistic and subdued than a lot of noir. It also has a lot of criminals interacting: pulling capers, making deals, and distrusting each other, like some of the criminals in "The Sopranos". It's centered more on the interaction of the characters and the story than on action. There are several great scenes, where the dialogue and the acting are engaging, particularly when Robert Mitchum speaks. I've never been a fan of Robert Mitchum, but here he's excellent, bringing a lot of emotion and weariness to Eddie Coyle. The story is also very good, as we see Eddie struggle to stay out of jail. The DVD is from The Criterion Collection, and looks good. There is a new commentary track from director Peter Yates. I don't think this film will appeal to a wide audience, because it's completely a crime film and nothing else, but fans of crime films might thoroughly enjoy it. Reviewed 8/23/2009 after watching on DVD.
Talk about actors that can do deadpan. I like it but man I don't know if I can watch more than one. On the other hand I want to see what happens next.
I wasn't a big fan of Futurama, but this seems to be in the same general category and may be a decent replacement for that show now that it is on the way to cancellation, they have some work to do on it, but overall it was funny adult humor.
I viewed several of these comedy pilots and none have achieved mediocrity status for me.  As with the others, there may be some potential but there just isn't enough quality humor to justify anyone putting money into this at present.  Concept is a little vague and writing (the key inadequacy of most of these efforts is the writing)is spotty at best.  I've watched House of Cards on Netflix and while it is not a comedy the quality is vastly superior to what I've seen here. If it is Amazon's intention to compete with Netflix in developing their own programming it is like a Rookie League taking on the Major Leagues.  Since I regard Amazon as a generally high quality operation I can only suggest they go back to the drawing boards and focus on upgrading the products.
I am still mad about them canceling Sarah Conner Chronicles. Its one of the few TV series that I really, really wanted to know what was going to happen next. The people who cancelled that series should be a;lsdk kdfjklFII!!! (its too bad for a Amazon review).Ok, so, if you haven't seen that series watch it. The second season is even better than the first.This video is animated and has graphics about the level of todays consoles (PS3/Xbox), but don't let that stop you. Its pretty good and lets cross our fingers that if the Terminator mythology is persistant enough we may see some more great content.
The book is phenomenal.  This series, despite some great acting by Dean Norris (Breaking Bad), suffers from a mix of poor writing and poor acting.  Most lines just came off flat or inappropriate to the character or situation.  Watching Mike Vogel and Rachelle Lefevre is about as exciting as reading the label on the back of a shampoo bottle.  The show seemed to get a little better as the season wore on - perhaps some of the writers were replaced or some of the younger actors learned how to act?
I fell asleep, but my husband watched the whole thing.  He said it was OK. He gave me a synapses of the what I missed and I never watched the rest of it.
The show makes it look like they're going to reveal mysteries but then they choose the most mundane conclusions for every &#34;so called&#34; mystery they examine. For example, the missing cornerstone of the white house is dismissed as a mystery because it's to big and heavy to move. Really?! That's pretty obvious from the beginning isn't it? Yes, it's a big heavy rock. It's missing. Well it has to be there because it's a big and heavy rock. Mystery solved!  That's pretty much how this show goes. Very boring and no fun to watch.
I think there has been other TV shows about what happens to civilization when power is lost. However, this may be the first to allude the loss of power to some kind of alien invasion. In any case, an interesting premise and one worthy of another look to see where we're heading here. Editorial comment: if this truly were the end of civilization, I think the first thing I would do would be to shoot the Irish guy. He definitely looks like the loose cannon in the bunch and the one most likely to get you hurt.
It beats watching a blank screen. However, I just don't seem to be in tune with to comedy of today.
A group of paranormal investigators set up in APARTMENT 143, where a man and his two kids have been experiencing bizarre, unexplained occurrences. While not bad, it did tend to lag a bit in the mid-section. The characters were solid, especially the teenage daughter. Still, it felt sort of like one more possession / exorcism movie. If you love the whole PARANORMAL ACTIVITY series, then you'll probably like A143. If not, you might bemoan the existence of yet another "found footage / shaky-cam" film...
This season seems to have tanked for me. The wedding arch is just ridiculous. I seems like the supporting cast took a back, way back seat this season and I'm not sure why. The Characters did not develop, they just all seemed to flatline. I hope next season improves. I'm just mostly bored with it.
2014PG: Not enough info to rate this higher than a 3. Looks interesting, but still need more info to determine if it will be a 4-star show. Can't see 'devilmen' (who don't speak English) making a full series, but who knows. March 7th may lead to the coming of the AntiChrist or something ... oh wait ... it's already March 9th! ;-) Enjoy MFJLabs 3x
I RENTED A FEW EPISODES AND WAS BILLED FOR THE ENTIRE SEASON WHICH I WATCHED ON HULU !  WHY IS AMAZON NOT TAKING CARE OF THERE CUSTOMERS ANYMORE?????? I SURE WOULD LIKE TO KNOW WHY THEY STIPPED CARING!
Whoever wrote this script needs to spend more time taking writing courses and/or reality courses.The entire plot oscillated between silly, dumb and making no sense. Why put an old skeleton key (looks like it would only fit old doors or old cabinets) in some really fakey mechanism inside an extremely expensive grand piano? Why not just break into the cabinet (or whatever the key fits) directly without having to go through all this elaborate, low probability, highly unpredictable caper. Or, just break into the piano. Or, just have the pianist play it at some other time like at night. Or, build a small mechanical device to play four notes. The whole laser, cryptic notes, ear phones, accomplice, murders, ending tussle, and then falling 60 feet destroying a piano and his hair looked as perfect as the first scene - all of it was just, Huh? Forgot, the movie is full of red laser pointer dots and beams. Are the several hundred people in the darkened hall blind?What wasted potential!
1 yr old seems to like this show but not as much as curious george and bubble guppies which he greatly prefers. this show has more educational value, but it's pretty lame.
Okay, let me see if I can guess the inspiration for this show.  Producer finds himself at a classical music concert and starts fantasizing about the orchestra (particularly the hot ones) and thinks "man, I bet those stiffs are party animals offstage, whoa.... I should totally make a show about snobby, artsy-fartsy musicians acting like out-of-control high-school students".  Now for the title: if we say "Shostakovich in the Jungle" nobody's gonna have a clue what we're talking about and if you go with Handel most peeps only know one of his pieces (which would totally send the wrong message); "Immortal Beloved" definitely made Beethoven seem kinda sexy, maybe a little angry but hey.... what about that 80's romantic fantasy "Amadeus".... ya, that's the ticket.So what's in a name?  Well, I hate to sound like a wet blanket but just maybe the creators of this show should've tried reading the lyrics to one of the composer's greatest works (Requiem in D Minor) before they associated his name with recreational sex, chemical dependency and towering ego's devoid of any respect for either the music they're playing or the people they're playing it with.  :(
Although it remains rather thin, the plot thickens during episode 6 by way of a flashback to Ingrid's sordid past and a glimpse of things to come when another character's true identity is revealed to the viewer. The pilot didn't leave me with a burning desire to keep watching, but I'm glad I did. While the show has much room for improvement, there are definite strengths here, most notably the cast (with one exception). The choice of Julia Ormond as Joanna Beauchamp is only slightly bested by the pick of M&auml;dchen Amick as the black cat of the family, Wendy Beauchamp. As for the daughters: Rachel Boston is convincing as Ingrid Beauchamp, but Jenna Dewan, despite being absolutely radiant on-screen, does not to me seem like a good fit for the show as Freya Beauchamp.The magick should be compelling by today's television standards, and indeed sometimes it is; other times, however, it more resembles parlour tricks, and occasionally is reminiscent of Bewitched from 1964. I'm still trying to figure out who the target demographic is for Witches of East End. It's brimming with soapy drama to potentially draw in the crowd who normally wouldn't watch a show in this genre, but it also maintains just enough of a morbid edge for viewers like me. In this sense, it is no better or worse than a serial like The Vampire Diaries.UPDATE &lt;Dec.2013> SEASON FINALE ... The final episode of the premier season goes about it the right way: ending a major plot line while at the same time providing a premonition of things to come. It remains a 3-star show; proficient enough to keep you coming back, but falling well short of providing episodes that blow you away. The introduction of Joel Gretsch as WitchDaddy (my term, not theirs) late in the season was a wise choice, as the actor brings credibility and potentially some fans (The 4400: The Complete Series). I'd like him to continue as a recurring character, and I'd like to see production of more than just the next season of WoEE (a second season of 13 episodes has been confirmed by Lifetime).
The best thing about this new series is the cast. I was drawn to the series by K Bake, J Purfoy and Maggie Grace.  Whoever made this show needs to put them in something good. The concept of the ultra genius serial killer with a following has been done to death.  We have the same nutty professor and flawed but brilliant agent who must catch him.  Buckets of blood but not not fun blood like "Dexter".  The end of the first episode is  predictable.  I cannot see spending any time with this show unless I get drunk and pass out.  Plus POE?  Give me a break....if you are a smarty pants professor pick someone less obvious like Proust, or Joyce or Norman Mailer (who would have made a really interesting serial killer).  Please Canadians release the New Primeval!
Some people have extreme highs and lows.  Dennis was a drug dealer, did prison time, etc.  However, he had a loving family and once had a lucrative housing business.  I do wonder if those ups & downs may have led to the drug abuse.Here's what really ate at me.  Dennis' wife waited for him for seven years to leave the pokey.  She was almost sexually attacked by her father-in-law.  In his addiction, Dennis has meth sex with other women, but then punishes his wife for having sex with another man when he was locked up.  Talk about the pot calling the kettle black!  She was nice enough to stand by you and yet you're throwing the baby out with the bathwater!?  Another thing that irked me was Dennis' daugther drived him around where he scored drugs.  Why does the daughter never think about how she's helping the father to cheat on the mother?  She's like the daughter of Franklin and Eleanor!If you love "Intervention" episodes that don't end successfully, then you will enjoy this.  I won't give away the details, but I loved that the family chose to be healthy even if Dennis didn't.  This episode was quite the eye-opener.
I like the concept, but it left me feeling like it was missing something. It can grow into a great show in almost any direction but something about the female character wasn't doing it for me. I hate to critique the young actress but she just doesn't seem ready. The male character on the other hand was much more believable.
It's so bad, but so good. The guest judges this season are hilarious-- Bette Midler, Joan Rivers, and more. I'd watch this show just to see judge Zach Posen's smile and hear his funny comments. He alone inspires me to dress more creatively.
For a show that is supposed to be a comedy I only laughed a few times.  Drama and making fun of programmers seems to be the main focus although I wonder how many people will get the jokes.  There is a girl, there is stressed friendships, there is looming defeat.  But hey it's a pilot so who knows?  I would like to watch a few more before making a final decision on this show because they end it with an upbeat, positive outlook that makes me wonder what else is in store.  Great cameos.
Overall, season 8 is not as funny as the previous seasons. I just purchased episodes 1, 2, 3, 7, 8 and 10. Episode 3: &#34;The Maureen Ponderosa Wedding Massacre&#34; is my favorite of season 8. The &#34;McPoyles&#34; are in the episode and they are pretty funny.
Not badly acted. Script and tension building work . I love the ever pervading atmosphere of an ancient labaryntine New York  apartment complex. One huge apartment anonymous and lost but strangely still in the consciouness of wierd or irate neighbours is very creepy although a faithful attentive doorman presides.The tenant has been advised to squat the apartment in order to uphold a very cheap rental agreement from grand-mother until it goes to court. Meanwhile tenant is mysteriously intimidated.Now this is supposed to be film probably on the paranormal. But ruined by a soon apparent wacking great hole in the back of a wall with a large space going up and down the side of the building....yes  a miscief-maker hired by a determined landlord could well be entering the apartment  which kills off the spooky side of the film.Secondly if the tenant can get the doorman to hire and let in an exterminator then he sure can let in a builder to cover said wacking great hole. There other hole is in the cognitive frontal lobe of the producer to miss this.
The newest episode aired over a week ago, but its still not on Amazon! I paid for the whole season & even sent them a complaint but nothing has happened...guess amazon just dropped the ball on this one...why am I paying for this again? I can just go watch it on some other site for free without the waiting around!
Love all the cast members, this show was setting the stage for the upcoming season thus actors didn't meld well. I look forward to watching future shows as I am sure it will get better. How could it not with that group of lovelies ;)
I watched this because the Brits usually do a good job with good production values, casting and story lines.  However, in this case it proved a waste of 5 hours. The writers, directors and editors should be ashamed to put their names in the credits.  Important things happen with no apparent reason and the watcher is left scratching his/her head wondering what was the point.  The American general is miscast and not believable.  Lots of clicking of computer keyboards for solutions that never seem to work out. The ending stinks!
I got lost somewhere. Did not understand the connection between beginning and ending. I do not want to watch any more episodes.
Nobody plays this type of roll which was well written and acted better than Richard Gere. He still has it.
This role would be tough for any actress because a large part of her job is acting out her thoughts which are being narrated for the viewers sake. The first season was sort of charming because she reacted to her thoughts with a humorous sort of dead pan/slow realization.  In Season 2 however, she's a bit too obvious and campy.  But I'll stick with it because I love the youthful &#34;bant&#34;.
"John Dies at the End" is based on the novel by David Wong (a pseudonym for author Jason Pargin). It's director Don Coscarelli's ("Phantasm," "Bubba Ho-Tep") first feature film in ten years. The horror comedy did make the rounds at certain film festivals in 2012, but is getting a limited theatrical run in certain markets in 2013 and is already available on demand. If you've never read Wong's novel, you don't really know what you're getting yourself into. Reception thus far has been mostly negative labeling the film as incredibly bizarre without much of a payoff, but that isn't entirely accurate. Speaking as someone who's a stickler for solid writing in cinema, this is a rare instance where a film can still be pretty enjoyable without everything making sense.Dave (Chase Williamson) is sitting in a dimly lit Chinese restaurant telling his unbelievable story to a reporter named Arnie (Paul Giamatti) and it's a doozy. After Dave is able to analyze everything about the change in Arnie's pocket without seeing it and knowing every detail of the dream Arnie had the night before without Arnie even bringing it up, Arnie is eventually able to come to the realization that this is no normal story. When Dave was still in high school, his friend John (Rob Mayes) was in a band. At a party that John's band was playing at, Dave met a Jamaican guy named Robert Marley (Tai Bennett) who not only knew everything about Dave but seemed to know every detail about everything before it happened. That is how Dave and John were introduced to a drug known as "soy sauce," a black liquid which "opens their minds to s*** they've never seen before;" those are the words of Robert Marley. Overloaded with heightened senses, Dave and John are now able to communicate and interact with creatures that aren't from this world but have bigger problems to worry about like how to defeat a monster made of refrigerated meats or figuring out how to throw a headstrong detective (Glynn Turman) off their trail. Arnie has the story of the century on his hands as Dave's story proves to be a prime example of truth being stranger than fiction.The erratic atmosphere and disorganized sense of humor makes itself apparent right from the very first frame with Dave's story about whether an axe is still the same axe if its had its head and handle replaced while killing a skinhead. Its messy pace takes some getting used to. The beginning of Dave's story where he and John try to help a girl named Shelly (Allison Weissman) deal with an abusive boyfriend that died two months prior is bizarre. Not only because of the subject content, but also because the chemistry between actors Chase Williamson and Rob Mayes and their desire to help those who've had problems with the paranormal is eerily similar to Jensen Ackles and Jared Padalecki as Sam and Dean Winchester on "Supernatural." As soon as you think that though, the film seems to steer in a completely different direction as Shelly explodes into snakes, a doorknob turns into male genitalia, and that refrigerated meat manifestation appears.That's about when all of these recognizable faces start appearing; Clancy Brown as TV psychic Albert Marconi who's a lot like John Edward except Marconi actually knows what he's talking about, Angus Scrimm in a small role as a priest, and Doug Jones portraying a man from another dimension named Ryan North. You'll actually be left wanting more of Arnie (Giamatti) and Ryan North (Jones). Paul Giamatti is still able to steal the spotlight even though he's only a supporting actor here. His line delivery is just the perfect amount of over the top disbelief when Dave shows Arnie what he has in his car and Arnie's line about Atlantic City is laugh out loud funny. The film is literally overflowing with sarcasm. There's so much of it that you feel like you may have missed some of its wit in just one viewing. When you're not laughing about how ridiculous the film is its humor is sure to circle back around to make sure you laugh at least once during the film's 90 minute duration.After you settle into the film's use of controlled insanity (it's like trying to throw a saddle on a tornado before attempting to ride it), you get used to its crazy pace and begin to enjoy it. The film is particularly pretty awesome until Dave and John go to another dimension and meet Korak, then it's just bat s*** insanity. The horror comedy gets even weirder than you'd come to expect from the first hour. Nothing about the film is predictable, so there is that to fall back on. But people who don't already hate the film will really hate it by the time the last twenty or so minutes come around."John Dies at the End" is really freaking weird. It's along the lines of Quentin Dupieux's "Rubber," but really pushes the boundaries of absurdity. With its flying moustaches, severed limbs with a mind of their own, having conversations with bratwursts, and a dog driving a truck through a house that's on fire, it's safe to say that "John Dies at the End" will go well over many heads and won't be appreciated and that's fine. Just remember that you don't choose the soy sauce. The soy sauce chooses you.
At the beginning of Season 1 this show had an edge but the show has been watered down.David Strhairn's character has been softened and the writer's can't seem to balance the timethey give to each character.
I'm 26 but I still enjoy a lot of the teen drama shows. Vampire diaries, PLL, al or of shows on The CW. But this show is awful. It has an interesting plot but the acting is beyond bad. The only decent character is Stiles.
Slow pace. Not a very interesting story line. Dark and hard to see. I don't think that it's something that I will go back to or recommend.Plus I think it's a little late to the &#34;Vampire&#34; party. Feels like a dance that's dying out.
Signs of bad:1. Cover is more scary than the what's in the movie. Called false advertising.2. Usual no-name studio, "Chiller Films". Usual no-name $100/day actors (OK, a few TV spots and similar cheap-to-make movies for their credits.)3. Usual dumbed down stereotypic plot hooks: Teens in car going to a remote site to party, with lots of boring scenes of van driving on road.4. Usual teen mix of hot chicks, jock, nerd/geek, cool quiet type guy.5. Usual stranded setup with no cell reception (so overused there are actual web sites that list all the no-cell-reception movies).6. Usual alcohol, usual dumb decisions, usual tension amongst are doomed group.7. So they get boat stranded on some small lake/reservoir. Only stranded in the sense that they can't figure out how to paddle a hundred yards to shore.8. Monster is one, and only one (reproduction is not in the cards) large catfish (they actually do get that big) with eyes on the top of it's head (why during their many chances our dummies didn't poke them out is beyond me). Eyes should have been on the side for a scavenging bottom feeder. Anyway, it's scary attribute are some teeth that are functionally pointless except for snagging on sunken trees.9. No scary or gory scenes except for a minimal amount of prosthetic blood tossed around.
Despite some of the cliches, I really found this episode interesting. Perhaps I'm a coward but the suspense actually got to me.That stated, there were so parts of it which were a million miles south of ridiculous. For example, the woman skinny dipping in the pool (around a bunch of men she doesn't know and in the midst of a rapidly approaching lawless society) and mentioning scripture (Revelations) as she comes out. Sorry but that was just to goofy for me.Finally, this was a series I would have considered watching (despite some of the stereotypical dialogue) but with the abundance of foul language (how often can anyone say the &#34;f&#34; word?)?Just as in real life, bad language (like bad writing) points to a lack of creativity which reveals something about the target audience of the creators. Despite my initial thoughts on this show, the language is enough for me to opt out.
This was okay, but watching the pilot and one episode was enough for me.  I couldn't watch any more.  Redundant.
Tries too hard to present characters that are complicated, but fails and instead we are presented with pretentious stereotypes who are just boring.  Comparisons with Arrested Development are likely, but the only thing it really has in common with that show is Jeffrey Tambor- who is also the only cast member with a shred of talent.Probably will get made just on Jill solloway's name...but if Amazon was smart they would bury this show six feet under!
This series was not as funny or interesting as I remember it to be.  I was disappointed.Why is there a minimum word usage
MINOR SPOILERS:With Callie now in Atlanta, the whole Jim/Callie dynamic is borderline annoying. The cases are still interesting, as is Jim's repartee with Carlos and Daniel. One reality check is in nearly every episode Jim verbally accuses 2-3 innoncent parties of being guilty where in the "real world" it would be construed as harassment.Welcome Taylor Cole (Jennifer) who joins the show as a Supervisor sent in to evaluate Jim's success rate while coming up with solutions to make his cases more trial-able. Jennifer is a raven haired beauty that is smoldering hot and has a knack for wearing heels and short skirts even in the most inappropriate of places. Since IMHO, the show itself is not any better than the previous season, I have to believe that the additional +-100k viewers per episodes are all her!Maybe it is an optical illusion, though I swear that Callie was filmed this year at odd angles, which is generally a sign of pregnancy or weight gain? Then again, will all due respect to Kiele Sanchez (AKA Callie), there are solid reasons why you rarely see her in the same frame as Taylor Cole!Without giving away the ending and under the guise of full disclosure, I may have removed 1/2 star from my rating for the simple reason that Jim took a pass on an impassioned plea by Taylor Cole when she essentially offered herself up!In sum, an entertaining show that may have lost a step in season 3, I can only hope that Ms. Cole reappears in Season 4 or I don't know if I will be compelled to tune in.
I have to agree with the low-rating reviews here, the characters are wooden and stereotyped and the plot is a mishmash. I tried, but I could not make it past minute 43. Biblical overtones... really? Not very original, characters'  gratuitious cursing (I don't mind cursing but this seemed too forced) and nudity was annoyingly trite... and I don't give this pilot the strength to hold up for an entire series. (Hey, Fast Forward had a good premise and did not make the cut, when it came to it, Misfits was entertaining but I didn't follow the entire series...) from other reviews I presume there's a monster responsible for all this (implied, smoke in the sky, broken windows, etc. chaos) ... this is just not IMO series-worthy. Again, too much of a similar concept to Fast Forward, but without the mystery. I was prepared to refute negative reviews but seriously couldn't. On another note, does the commercial from the sponsor at the beginning bode Amazon videos with commercial interruptions? I hope not. Sufficient commercials in the world of "traditional" and internet media as it is.
Low budget not worth the time to watch. Wasted the money to buy it. We didn't even finish pilot show
IT'S A REAL STINKER MY FRIENDS....IF U R A SEASONED VIEWER OF ALL GENRES OF FILM, THIS WILL DISAPPOINT U....ABSOLUTELY UNBELIEVABLE,ALTHOUGH THE RABID PEOPLE HANGING ABOUT FROM THE TREES AND SUCH WAS A NICE TOUCH...WHY, OH WHY, DON'T MOVIE PEOPLE VIEW THE FINISHED PRODUCT OF THE FILM THEY R ABOUT TO RELEASE? SOMEONE TRIED VERY HARD WITH THIS ONE, I THINK.......BUT, (I'M SORRY!),IT NEEDS TO BE TOSSED IN AN 'OPEN GRAVE.'M.P.
I found the lead character insufferably cliched, as were most of the others.  The only thing I liked was the plot twist, but I figured it out just before it was revealed in the show.  Won't be going back to this one.  Your mileage may vary, as they say.
Two yakuza families that were once able to co-exist thanks to a pact made by their bosses while the two were in prison soon find themselves at each other's throats after there are a few hiccups in the drug trafficking side of the business. The Ikemoto family and the Murase family are in the middle of a war as the chairman the two crime syndicates answer to continues to pull the strings. Sekuichi (Kitamura Soichiro), the boss of the Sannokai, tells his right-hand man Ikemuto (Kunimura Jun) to put the Murase family in line. Since Ikemuto and Murase (Renji Ishibashi) are still under their pact at this point, Ikemuto passes the assignment onto his subordinate Otomo (Takeshi Kitano), who takes matters into his own hands with his own gang.I probably have a fairly limited amount of knowledge when it comes to Takeshi Kitano's films since I've only seen a handful and have yet to see his most prestigious films. With that said, I've seen enough to know who the guy is, admire his work, and at least look forward to his upcoming projects. When it came to Outrage, it seemed like an undiscovered gem right from the start. Another yakuza film made and starring Beat Takeshi? It sounds like the type of movie you'd willingly pay whatever price for without blinking an eye. That isn't really the case though as Outrage fails to really leave a lasting impression.Walking away from Outrage, you'll probably only be left with its bloody violence and not much else. Everybody was chopping off their fingers left and right to apologize. It was amazing so many of these guys still had any appendages left at all. But the violence gets pretty vicious at times; a box cutter to the face, countless people getting shot to death, chopsticks being used in a fairly unique way, and it even features one of the worst ways a dental appointment could go. Other than the brutality though, all of the events that transpired felt very underwhelming due to them being similar to most other gangster and yakuza films out there. Nothing was shocking or unpredictable; it all felt very safe. Most of my yakuza film watching experience falls under Takashi Miike's filmography. Miike is able to make a film about anything and take it in a direction you're not expecting while adding his own trademarks to it. While Outrage felt like a Takashi Kitano film, it didn't really seem like anything he hadn't already accomplished before. It almost felt recycled from both his films and other films similar to Outrage. The film also lacked any sort of supporting female character as most women in the film were used as props or were disposed of rather quickly. It's incredibly disappointing as well as Outrage had loads of potential, but was never really able to push anything past that mediocre barrier. Its use of perspective is intriguing at times, but doesn't make up for a film that comes off like it isn't willing to take any risks.It's not so much that Outrage is a bad film because it isn't. It's actually a fairly solid crime film. Its biggest issue is that it fails to live up to expectations given the cast and Takeshi Kitano's reputation for being a part of films that are generally a lot better than this. Outrage tends to feel very familiar. If you've seen a gangster or yakuza film before, then you know what to expect with Outrage. With its explosive use of violence and rather eye-catching cinematography, Outrage isn't the type of film you should make a high priority to go out of your way to see but is generally pretty decent once you do finally get around to it.
Being Human Season 1 is an odd show.  Developing the characters are difficult because the whole basis for the storyline is so unusual.  A werewolf who ran away from home after being turned into one, a Vampire turned during the Revolutionary war, and a Ghost as main characters who through the &#34;wisdom&#34; of the aged vampire decide to try and live together and help each other to live as close to a normal human existence as possible.  Vamps and werewolves are natural enemies making it odd, the Ghost a bit clueless yet they somehow bond as friends even though they don't really do a lot to help each other out in dealing with their own form of difficulties in being a monster trying to be more human.  Somehow the writing is good enough that it held my interest enough to watch it.  There are some interesting twists introduced in the stories that you really would never think of unless thinking of this in  a comical situation, but it isn't a comedy.  I'm not really sure what it is, but season one fumbles through each of them living together frequently enough to at least become a support system to each other in their attempts to be human when not.  In doing so it develops enough that it held my interest through the first two seasons.  Since SyFy only makes 13 episode seasons character development is something that has to occur as the story develops because there aren't enough episodes to give us any background and so it is written into episodes as flashbacks and fragmented memories of the past, and the present as the past intersects with the present.  I'm watching the third season now, so the show has held my attention through not with the enthusiasm of most SyFy shows I like.  But I do keep watching, there is a unique aspect to the show that no other has touched on and has its entertaining moments.  It is different, and good enough that I've watched it.  If not for being able to stream it I NEVER would have made it through the first season on TV.  But streaming you get your answers faster so shows that aren't as good deliver faster just because your watching them back to back from historical seasons.  I think that is the saving aspect of Being Human is that I'm streaming it and able to watch a season fairly quick so it holds my attention.  I doubt it will win any awards and am actually surprised it lasted 3 seasons, but as I said, it does have its moments.
I really enjoyed the first two or three seasons, but it's beginning to bore me. I think they should've stopped while they were still ahead!
This is a live aquarium with real fish and loud bubbling noise.  Nothing wrong with watching fish live but they tend to be shy and inactive.  I'll have to admit that if I want an aquarium on my computer or TV screen I would rather have the animated variety - it's much more interesting.
"A Little Bit Zombie" is what happens when fans of a movie make a movie.  Look, we all love "Evil Dead" - or to be precise, we all really love "Evil Dead II" because anyone who watches the first installment and expects the hilarious humor of the sequel is in for the shock of their lives - but there's a fine line between an homage and a lame copy.  Unfortunately "A Little Bit Zombie" is a little bit in the latter category.The plot, such as it is, centers on HR manager Steve (Kristopher Turner) who is marrying salon stylist and high maintenance fianc&eacute;e Tina (Crystal Lowe).  There's just one problem: Steve's sister and maid of honor Sarah (Kristen Hager) hates Tina, and it's easy to see why.  Fortunately, Steve's best friend Craig (Shawn Roberts) is also Sarah's husband and is there to provide moral support. Things take a turn for the hilarious when Steve is bitten by a zombie mosquito and slowly begins to turn into a cannibalistic brain-eater.  Hunted by a magic orb-wielding hottie Penelope (Emilie Ullerup) and crotchety shotgun-wielding Max (Stephen McHattie), it seems our fun foursome are about to experience a very bad weekend in the woods.The cast is a problem. Turner is passable as a normal guy just trying doing his best to avoid nibbling on his friends' brains, but Lowe is pretty bad in a role that requires her to carry much of the humor.  Her inability to keep up with Hager of "Being Human" fame is apparent - the roles could easily have been reversed, as there's more chemistry between Hager and Turner than there is between Turner and Lowe.  Ew.The zombie hunters aren't much better. McHattie plays Max as a psychopath who will blow anything up at a moment's notice, which is probably supposed to be funnier than it is.  For a great example of McHattie's talent put to good use against zombies, see "Pontypool." Blonde bombshell Ullerup speaks her lines with her usual wide-eyed wooden acting - if you've seen her turn as Ashley Magnus in "Sanctuary," you know what to expect here.Fortunately, "A Little Bit Zombie" doesn't take itself too seriously.  Yes, the homages to "Evil Dead" are over the top, from the shed scene to the chuckle-worthy evil-point-of-view-cam, but the film's heart is in the right place even if it the script doesn't hit most of the comedy beats. The ending is appropriately off-key and at least ironic enough to make it worth sticking with the film."A Little Bit Zombie" isn't very gory, isn't very funny, and isn't very good - but then it isn't trying to be.  It's just a little bit of all three that makes it a passable entry in the zombie humor genre.
I have watched 2 seasons, not sure if I'll continue. Sometimes I just get plain bored with this show. Really irritates me that they use the show as a commercial for Kia. And the acting isn't all that great.edited: Got the email that my review is on the site; but it is not listed.
what a stinker.  no cars run, then they do.  People wandering all over FOR NO DISCERNIBLE REASON! It's not that the cars don't run, apparently, why are they all running around then?  No Reason. major reality challenging reveal in the "Old Lady" kitchen that they all immediately accept, and drop?  so dumb.And as I said elsewhere, remember that Carter's contribution to X-Files was the meandering, , pointless, lame, alien abduction mythos that interrrupted the finely written "monster-of-the-week" episodes.Carter didn't make X-Files good, it was good in spite of him."The After" has no angel.
This film is extremely one-sided. It promotes the views and opinions of drug dealers, other criminals, and wannabe criminals. It is intentionally misleading, and often what they claim is an outright lie. There is plenty of valid and verifiable evidence that demonstrates exactly how drug use is crippling our society at all levels. Yes, there is some corruption in law enforcement. But the typical law enforcement officer is honest, and earnestly abides by the laws her/she is sworn to uphold. People who become cops because they like excitement, or power, or just want to feel like a bad ass, rarely last long on the job. They are easy to identify and in most cases are quickly weeded out of the force. This film tries to turn reality upside down by portraying the police as evil scumbags, and portraying violent, cutthroat drug dealers as victims instead of the lowlife criminals that they really are.
It's all about eccentricity. But eccentricity played mostly for charm and amusement by actors who accomplish this sort of thing well. It's a fun trifle.
This is OK but it is so tough to believe the story line that it becomes more stupid than entertaining.  It could have potential if you made it more believable.
The acting was not bad but the story was very dark and disturbing with no real redeeming value to me. Was it an evil entity or was the guy just psycho? If the guy went nuts from being apartment bound why would he murder the hot chick the first night?Seriously, the door man is going to bring you a roll of razor wire for your apartment? Don't get me wrong, I like thrillers but they need to actually go somewhere and this one falls short.
I title this in this way because the episode fluctuates back and forth.  Characters have their strong points and weak ones in this episode.  Although I like the series as a whole I thought this episode had its drawbacks but the viewer is the judge and not a tv critic.  The series itself though is very good I recommend anyone to stick with it.
I know this is adapted from the books but please move at a quicker pace than what they're moving at.  It seems like each season nothing gets accomplished.  I ended up giving up on this series because it was just too boring.
Well-known cast with a story-line that was just average.  Did not really hold your interest in that most of the outcome was rather predictable.  Felt more like a TV movie.  Worth watching but just not outstanding.  Susan Sarandon's role was rather limited in scope.
I wouldn't pay for it but since it is Prime it is worth watching,it is big people attempting to loose weight
Season 6 is a slap in the face for those who faithfully followed this series for 5 years.Something happens to screenwriters when they have to write those last 3 episodes -- they stop being creative and want to simply take the money and run.  They write crap.This ending is even worse than The Sopranos ending -- would you believe it?  They should be ashamed of themselves.I bought Season 6 used, at a great price, and I now would feel ripped off if they had given it to me for free.If you liked the previous 5 seasons, and the characters, do not -- I repeat -- do not watch season 6.  They are stealing money from you under false pretenses.
Is it always good for a son to be like the father?  This is a movie based on real events surrounding the disappearance of Kathie McCormack (Dunst).  Under mysterious circumstances she disappeared and though her husband Robert (Gosling) was suspected no one was ever brought to trial.  The movie opens and we find out that was Robert was seven years old he saw his mom violently die in front of him, and through out the movie we see the effect this had on him.  This is a good, but very slow moving movie.  This is a different role for Kirsten Dunst, who hasn't taken on a part like this since "Virgin Suicides", and she did a good job with it.  The movie's strength is the performance of Ryan Gosling who is excellent at playing a seemingly normal guy with major psychological issues.  It was such a convincing performance that everytime he is on screen you will tense up.  Overall it was a good movie, but I was expecting more.  Acting was really good though.  I give it a B-.Would I watch again? - I don't think I would
Pilot has real promise but the threat of drugs and sex is a real turn-off for me.  Music...music...music with the highs and lows of competitive musicians should be enough....maybe with sex thrown in.  Ew on drugs after the latest overdose death.
For those who like it, great. But there is absolutely nothing new or interesting. If you appreciate the innovative well written shows that we can watch on Netflix, HBO, etc., you won't last long on this one. If you love this show good for you, this is my opinion, you don't have to agree with me.
A young man gets trapped in his car due a mudslide that buries both. From that moment on, is all about for his instinct for survival and giving up. Frankly, it was interesting enough to where we did watch the whole thing, but overall is just one of those movies that all that was required was one actor, and a lot of pressing mud. The acting and the special effects were decent. 3.5 Stars.
I am not wild about these split seasons, I think Netflix is the way to go.  Put all the episodes up at once and watch whenever.As for the actual show, I don't know where they are going and what is taking so long, why isn't Henry dead yet?
No match for Homeland or Lost or Alias.  John Goodman plays his always up to snuff role as does the PA Senator. The other 2 leads are so-so; but enjoyable never the less.
I thought the makeup & costuming of the mechanical man was good.  Amazing he could stay still so long but the story line lacked zing.  The story was okay but I guess it moved too slowly for me.
It's not a great show and not a horrible show. It's a decent filler show. Right now I think the main draw for me is finding out how and why the dome is actually there. If the next show answered all the questions and ended the series I'd be fine with it.
When I read about the film in Redbox (Devil's Angel), it reveals information that is not revealed in the film until the last 5-10 minutes. I won't do that per se, but the film is so bad, spoilers won't matter.Full figured Dr. Kimmy Gabriel (Bridget McGrath) can not have a child, but keeps on trying. She is very pro-life and reluctantly accepts a position at a human clone project under Dr. Roger Gibson (Charles Hubbell). She steals a cloned embryo and implants it in herself. The film jumps to seven years later as the world is thrust into a post apocalyptic nightmare as Kimmy and her son David (Rocko Hale) live in a run down tenement living off government MRE handouts.The film has heavy religious messages as both lesion faced Kim and Roger are very religious and frequently read from the Bible and listen to radio preachers. This appears to be a "come to Jesus film" except the "good guys" do nothing heroic to save the day or themselves. Indeed, if anything they appear to be part of the problem which is to make a statement about the condition of human existence.This film is very low budget. The sets are meager. The acting is bad and dialouge has a religious corniness to it. It fails to get interesting until 10 minutes before the final credits and by then you pray for the end.Knowing the "secret" of the film by reading the by-line I couldn't help but think during the film..."Funny. He doesn't look Jewish."Parental Guide: No f-bombs, sex, or nudity. Bridget McGrath cleavage.
We own all seasons and love this show. It's always good for a laugh it's just getting old. How many times do penny and Leonard  have to break up. Howard's comments. We feel Amy has brought great laughs to the series. Now stop. The same old same old and get some excitement and real laughs back in the series.,  it's stale. Still funny but stale
&#34;Animal&#34; is Chiller TV's latest in SyFy-esque rip-offs, although this one lacks the humor and WTF moments SyFy's do.  I group of teens go for a stroll in the forest and come across an &#34;animal&#34; (similarly looking to the creatures found in &#34;Feast&#34;).  The race for survival is on.  What happens next is why the film just missed its target.  Bad writing dooms this creature feature from the first encounter with the beast.  Every person involved makes every wrong decision you can imagine, but I supposed the filmmakers had to have a reason to get in some carnage.&#34;Animal&#34; isn't a good movie and it's really not that bad of a movie.  The screenplay (or lack thereof) dooms it.  I cannot recommend it, but I'm not going to say stay away either.  Believe me, Chiller TV has come leaps and bounds from its first film, the nasty &#34;Ghoul&#34;.  This version is unrated for violence and language.
Why is Margot crying at the end. Didn't she get what she always wanted? Miserable woman that she is. Adultry destroys lives!Overall, this was a learning experience for many to learn from. Josh Groden turned in a good acting experience.Why fight and try to make someone stay with you when all the adulterer wants to do is leave.I liked the movie; didn't love it, but liked it overall. You could say this happened to me and I'm glad she left to be with her lover. I don't like used goods.I say watch the movie. It's OK.
But the characters are not well developed and have almost no identification to the book that Mr King wrote so aptly. Very disappointed in this mini-series so far. The only thing I can say is that I will watch it through to the end, since I'm a prime member, and I know there IS an ending.... but I hope if the Great Movie Producer in the sky ever gets the bright idea to do another King novel.... that someone actually reads the book. And has an imagination.
------------------SEE REVIEW BELOW. THE ONE STAR IS PUNISHMENT FOR VOMITING ADS ON US BEFORE AND AFTER EACH SEASON 4 EPISODE*------------------Updated: February 8, 2013Current Episode Review: Season 4 Episode 4--Rating: 3.5 out of 5--Recommendation to buy now or wait to watch on Netflix/DVD/other: Wait 85%[SPOILER ALERT]Most like:-- Man from JupiterPlot positives:-- None. The plot is a typical, predictable Archer having to get out of the "Day After" consequences of his latest drunken escapades the night(s) before.Plot negatives:-- Ending falls flat. Ron (the old dude Mallory married) is at the opera with Mallory and he's air-conducting to the same song as Archer who is doing his air-conducting in a hot tub while supervising Woodhouse eating a bowl of spider webs. Like much of the episode, it's rehashed material.Best line:-- When Archer says, "It's not a phaser!" - Can't have enough Star Trek references.Worst line:-- When Woodhouse says, "Sometimes I think I should just run away. But who would take me in?" - Sad. Not amusing at all -- unless you're a sociopath.Ratings scale: 1 to 5Season 1 = 3.9Season 2 = 4.5 (Best Season thus far)Season 3 = 3.5 (Episodes 1-3 = 4.5 Episodes 5, 6, 7 and 9 = 4, The rest = 2.5)Season 4 = 3.0 (Episode 1 = 2.5, Episode 2 = 3.5, Episode 3 = 2.0 [Way too much gore, perversion and absurdity.] Episode 4 = 3.5____________________*Back in the day the pitch by the cable company was "Look, it's worth paying for because there are NO ads!...well except for the local over-the-air (OTA) stations that we pipe in for free (cable companies paid nothing for OTA at that time). But hey, we can't do anything about that, we're just providing you with the convenience of not having to have an antenna too." They didn't mention that MOST people were getting cable to fix the problem of having to risk their lives installing antennas only to get notoriously unreliable lousy reception. So, like frogs thrown into a pot of cold water that is slowly heated up will fool them into staying in the pot, people just dealt with the gradually increasing temperature of the water i.e. ads, ads and more ads that were promised not to be there. Then, simulcast sports events came and the cable company said, "We can't do anything about it, the networks are forcing us to include the ads. Besides, what do you expect us to do when they cut to ads?" Then they said, "Inflation! Everyone has to raise prices. You can either pay higher subscription fees or put up with ads on heretofore commercial-free stations." And the frog stew was ready to be served.So go ahead and submit to be boiled alive. The rest of us are jumping out of the pot. Rivet, rivet.
I really did not like this show at all.  I wanted to see what it was about and it really is about nothing.  I guess the money helps the family but the show is not interesting at all.  Like watching paint dry.
Convoluted plotline of a dysfunctional family that takes it one step further.Into intimacy with gays. Very warm and fuzzy. Just a great show for children. Gives them something to strive for. Please put the show back in the closet where only night vision glasses would help.
OK series but suffers a bit by trying a bit to hard,some averacting & somehow does'nt quit capture the &#34;Viking&#34; feel.
Putting aside that this was another film with unlikeable characters doing dumb things in an unexplained end-of-humanity non-plot, I was still hoping the Blu would have some stellar extras and picture quality (with all of the darks and shadows). Unfortunately, the special features are some of the worst inclusions I have seen on a film like this, and the only thing giving this some higher marks was the 7.1 DTS.The story follows four people wallowing through their idiocies in trying to survive some unknown catastrophe that leaves a city (played by Detroit - which was a better character than everyone here) devoid of people. Some bad CGI shadows follow them around trying to gobble them up sans their clothing. I would have to say some typecasting has to occur here when you have Hayden Christiansen walking around with a hood barely showing his face for several sequences, followed by someone holding a long green glow stick baring resemblance to a certain weapon Hayden might be carrying in some other franchise. But anyway, the supplements are all in lodef and I listed all of the bad ones first:* Alternate endings, 3 or 4 at 8:20 minutes. Please take my advice and skip these. They are no different except for one alternate camera angle and a different sunset - nothing changes from the film.* Revealing 7th Street (making of), 7:04 minutes. Talking heads & really bad insight by the cast on the film and story.* Creating the Mood of 7th, 7:04 minutes. They essentially took the cuts from the first one and made this longer one, but with reasons for why they chose Detroit. Which I have to say I am not sure if all of the reasoning made Detroit seem worse ("gothic", "Dead" etc.), or they just didn't realize they were saying it.* Behind the scenes montage, 2:11 minutes. Several identical cuts from the other two quips, with no dialogue. Would be best as a workbook for the staff of the film, otherwise a complete skipper.* HDNet Promo, 4:19 minutes (In HD). The standard trailer length plug.* Fangoria Interviews, 2 @ 31 minutes. This was actually an insightful and thorough interview process and was better than the commentary. Thankfully, Brad takes up 22 minutes of the set and will be worth the watch for his fans. Jacob's lasts only a few minutes and the rest is clips of the film.* Dig Copy, not disc dependent.* Commentary, see Fangoria interview instead.I was not impressed with the film, the bad effects that shined through on BD, or the ending being given away on the cover art (so no surprise for me, that ending sucked anyway) but I was impressed with the 7.1 - maybe only getting used by the creature sounds at various times, but a nice immersion. English and Spanish subs, region A coded. Not worthy of a purchase but maybe a renter for the Hayden fans. 1.5 stars for the film, and 1.5 for the sound and Fangoria set.
I have loved this series...BUT I'm getting really tired of dobblegangers and 2 Elaina's and now 2 Stefan's...  I'm tired of this Silas storyline and I'm getting ready to jump ship, but I keep hoping for a GREAT story to begin and grab ahold of me!  Sometimes the writers really drag out these stories just way too long!!  Let's move on from dobblegangers...please!!
I watched it to the end. Who ever wrote this had no insite into human behavior. The blond was good looking had a presence. And beat Hilary in acting but that was not saying much. the story line was extremely weak. The blond should have knowin his big mouth friend was talking. there was no other way they would know about him. I mean there are a hell of a lot of blond men with pony tails. lol And he had a big mouth. I also noticed that he had no gun shot wound in the pool scean > Bad writing Bad directing. And the minute a bad guy came on the scean you knew he was bad. The only knowen people where the bad guys as usual in a bad movie.
I was hoping that Archer Vice would crank up the zany ideas. However it seems to be centered on ISIS laundering drugs for the remainder of the season and failing pitifully. No doubt at some point they'll get back to running covert ops, but honestly it would be nice if they &#34;won one&#34; from time to time. Abject failure gets dull, quickly. So while I'm not ready to throw in the towel just yet, I have to hope the season gets better. Otherwise... time for fresh writers with fresh ideas.
Let me clarify this from the get-go: I'm not one of those reviewers who seeks to kick the stuffing out of `found footage' films.  All you need to do is peruse the reviews I've done here at Amazon or elsewhere to know that I'm entirely accepting of this sub-genre.  I'd go so far to say that I enjoy them quite a bit so long as there is some quality story, development, and characters at the heart of whatever footage the producers allege to have found.  Granted, I do believe these flicks work best as horror upstarts, but that doesn't mean I won't appreciate a few dramatic turns here and there, and, to its credit, HOLLOW thinks it knows what it's doing in presenting four young folks - two couples, basically - enjoying a weekend outing in some romantic and spooky setting.  Unfortunately, HOLLOW should've known better.(NOTE: The following review may contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of characters and plot.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last two paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)There's a tree on a hill in the middle of a small remote village that - rumor had it - has been haunted by a local legend ... for, in the hollow of this massive, somewhat disfiguring tree, there lives a dark spirit that seeks out young lovers in the midst of some relationship strife and convinces them to commit suicide.Now, if you stop right there, I'd argue you have the makings of a possibly mystical thriller.  You have all the right elements - an evil place, an evil spirit, and an evil cause - that coulda, woulda, shoulda made for a nice picture.Unfortunately, then they made the film.Emma , a/k/a `the innocent one' (played by the lovely Emily Plumtree), and Scott, a/k/a `the alpha male' (Matt Stokoe), long for a weekend away from it all; and, hoping to share it with a few friends, they invite James, a/k/a `the jilted ex with a troubled past'(Sam Stockman), and Lynne, a/k/a `the slutty one' (Jessica Ellerby), to join them.  Emma's grandfather - the pastor for a small, country village - recently passed away, and they're heading there to make use of the premises, despite the fact that it has no electricity.  Once there, they find themselves all equally creeped out by the legendary tree of local lore, and, before their weekend getaway is over, they may find out just how real and deadly folklore can be.Some `found footage films' clearly give `found footage films' a bad name, and HOLLOW is part of that growing group of flicks made clearly to capitalize on a sub-genre but not provided enough spine upon which to build a perfect body.  In fact, all there is to HOLLOW is its twist ending - not all that big of a twist, and certainly one you can see coming from ten miles away.  These characters aren't given any legitimate depth - though I've read some reviewers who think the introduction of relationships and faithlessness accounts to `character development' (here's a tip: it doesn't) - and, instead, they're all archetypes plopped into a `locked box scenario' with very little hope of escaping.In that respect, much of HOLLOW works just fine.  There's a benign charm to some elements of the film - the introduction of the local church mythology surrounding the suicide tree, the fact that there exists more than ample evidence to support some paranormal phenomenon in the vicinity, etc. - that work well enough to establish the premise; however, when writer/director Matthew Holt essentially delivers an ending an audience knew from their very first frame, why bother at all?  Why not, instead, give viewers a legitimate reason to hang around for 90 minutes by creating characters that mean something more than just fitting the stereotype?  These are four relatively self-centered and stupid individuals who one could argue get just what they deserved for being so mind-numbingly self-centered and stupid.  Don't be shocked when they get their comeuppance.Sadly, a sense of `nothing new here' pervades so much of HOLLOW.HOLLOW is produced by (how fitting?) Hollow Pictures.  DVD distribution is being handled through New Video.  As for the technical specifications ... well ... the video looks and sounds about as good as the next `found footage' flick, though I'm alarmed by the increasing use of a camera at night when the characters are running while essentially filming the ground.  Sound is good, but the herky-jerky camera work really could've been improved.  Also, there's an awful lot of turning-the-camera-off (to save battery near the end), but, boy, it's sure good that they turned the camera on just as something was about to happen!  (Don't give me that gobbledy-gook about them "needing the light,"either.  I didn't just fall off a truck.)  As for the special features, there's only a two-minute "story behind the scene" wherein the director gives you his two cents about how and why they shot the ending the way they did; it's interesting, but it ain't all that special, nor much of a feature.RECOMMENDED only if found footage films are REALLY your thing because, otherwise, I'd be hard-pressed to see what value one might find in HOLLOW.  It isn't that it's poorly made because, in most instances, the production quality is there.  While I wouldn't agree with some stylistic choices made, I strongly disagree with those who think there's a winning 90-minute story here because there isn't.  At best, it's a half-hour Twilight Zone episode stretched out into 90 unnecessary minutes.  Once you experience the "engrossing and effective" ending (their advertising words, certainly not mine), perhaps you'll agree.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at New Video provided me with a DVD screener copy of HOLLOW for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
We looked forward to this show with great anticipation. After 3 episodes it became repetitive. The show did not seem to get beyond the shock of having a little girl want to be a prostitute. Nothing interesting about showing a little girl in the sex trade. There was not any spark between the characters, nor great acting. We could predict every plot line. We stopped purchasing the episodes.
the story is ok. only thing bad is all of the dialog. all of it. and the girls. not hot, but good for stripper quality i guess.
If you have dreamed of downsizing and getting rid of a lot of stuff in your home this series will give you some ideas.  My only complaint is that the video style is too herky-jerky.
Joss Whedon is great. I would (and have) watched everything he's ever made. I love his style and his sensibilities. But this series just didn't work for me. I stuck it out and watched every episode, even the unreleased episode that only exists on the blu ray set (which by the way is the best episode of the series). I can appreciate the slow burn of the show, but it just never clicked for me. The action was good, but the acting was sub-par and more than anything, it took way, way too long for this show to get going. Not really worth owning.
I would give it three and a half if I could. There were so many things that you don't do if using a ATM, now to be fair where I live there are no inclosed ATMs but if there were I would not park two hundred feet away in a snow storm, in a vacant parking lot for a friend to walk to it. With my friend taking a long time I don't think I would have a young lady I just met at the office party to walk over with me to see why. Its like don't open that door in every movie or don't hit the guy again he is dead the movie is over or is it. But all in all if you can get by the why don'ts, and just think of it as very dumb people you will enjoy.
there is no reasonable doubt that this is actually laurence fishburne.  if it were jackson, he would be wearing one of those ridiculous sack hats that covers his face to the chin, and he would be yelling every line, as if he were actually playing to a theatre 80 rows deep.  barack thinks he is milton friedman, morgan thinks he is barack.  i say we rendition all of them, until we figure out who is genuine, and who is schizophrenic.
I was in orchestra all through school and not once did I think of drilling a hole in the back of my Bass to add a glory hole for personal pleasure while playing. To much degree this show like that thought is why I do not watch MTV anymore. It seems widely agreed that the first 10 minutes offer a show that never materializes and instead falls on its face with Sex drugs and foul mouthed Like like like valley girl slutville yikyak that I could hardly stand as background to a much more intelligent game of candy crush. Please do not lead me to think I am so out of touch with mainstream that this passes as quality entertainment, these actors deserve so much better.
This season is a fan favorite but I didn't care for it as much. Probably because the males were SO dumb that it was painful to watch them flounder through the game.
Save your money on this one and stop it dead in its tracks.  The way overused plotline of, what will happen after..? is way too overdone and this one is so full of insulting stereotypes.  The writers clearly hype this as a mystery and I'll bet it's a mystery to them.  Where do they think they will go with this plotline..(plotline?  What plotline)?  Clown, elderly Jewish rich diabetic, trigger-happy black thug, no-talent actress with incomprehensible accent and good legs, all thrown together when the electricity goes off?  OMG, what will happen next?  No thanks.  I won't be watching to find out.
OK, my wife purchased this season using our Amazon account, and Amazon keeps e-mailing me asking me to review it.  To be completely honest, I have no opinion on this series, or season, whatsoever.From the bits and pieces I have seen, and from my wife's reactions, season eighteen (seriously, there have been 17 seasons of this show?) looks exactly like what came before.  There's drama, there's crying, there's cattiness, there's more crying.  If you enjoyed the previous season then this will very likely appeal to you.  If you're not a fan of this show already... why are you even reading this review?  Go away!
I watched this show every Friday night when it aired in 2009.  While the concept of the series was clever and there were enough interesting things going on to keep me tuning in, there were time when I had to shake my head.  Sometimes I was falling asleep, but other times it was because I couldn't suspend my disbelief (and trust me, I can suspend some disbelief if necessary).But the suspension of disbelief required by this show is staggering.The Good:1) Dushku does a good job.  Not bad on the eyes, either.2) Patton Oswalt guest stars in an episode.3) Joss Whedon (love that "Firefly" and "Serenity," not to mention "Toy Story" and "Titan A.E.") is associated with the series.4) The crazy Alpha doll adds a cunning creepiness factor to the show.The Bad:1) Well-paying clients can find the Dollhouse, but the FBI can't.2) The young "genius" on the show has copies of various experts to download into the dolls, but how he gets such a broad range of "brainscans" is a mystery (at least to me).3) Joss Whedon (don't like "Buffy" and never saw "Angel") is associated with the series (see "3" under "The Good").  Could he not have fleshed out this show a bit more?  Come on, Josh!  Technical holes you could drive a bus through, my man.4) An English schoolmarm runs the whole operation.  Rather leggy, or calvy, rather.  Not that there's anything at all wrong or unrealistic with that, mind you.5) Back to the young "genius," Topher Brink.  (This reminds me of a "Stargate SG-1" episode (called "200") where the SG-1 team shoots down a Hollywood concept in which their team consists of all young characters.)  They could have stuck a 45-year-old person in there instead rather than some 25-year-old twerp who is not very convincing.6) The whole "let's have all the dolls--girls and boys--shower in the middle of the office" for all to see part is, from a business standpoint, foolish and unrealistic for a variety of reasons (and I don't believe I should even have to explain that statement).7) Security at the Dollhouse is rather weak, especially considering all those bad-a$$ed handlers they've got running around there.The Ugly:1) This is a skewed albeit lesser version of "Alias," which certainly had its own problems, but at least there was a strained family connection to drive some interest.  There's nothing like that here other than the "my life stinks right now so make me into a 'doll' for a few years so the big mystery in the show can be why did I do this?" bit.2) Tahmoh Penikett wouldn't have slept with that neighbor of his.  She's cute, but obviously out of his league."Dollhouse" is an interesting concept that probably should have stayed on the storyboard a little longer before being brought to market.  It's like a popular new software package, good but not great, perhaps needing a few patches or, maybe, a total rebuild.  Worth a look, but don't take it too seriously.
I DON'T CARE TO WATCH PEOPLE HAVING SEX OR KILLING EACH OTHER.  MIGHT BE AN INTERESTING SHOW WITHOUT ALL THAT.  I WATCHED THE FIRST EPISODE AND WASN'T IMPRESSED MUCH. DECIDED TO GIVE IT ONE MORE CHANCE SO I STARTED TO WATCH THE SECOND EPISODE AND SHUT IT OFF AT THE BEGINNING.  LIKE I SAID: TOO MUCH SEX AND VIOLENCE.  NOT ENTERTAINING AT ALL!
The show was good but not exceptional.  The story held my attention.  The show was fast paced and somewhat suspenseful.
Some reviews reflect disappointment at what seems to be disorganization. However, isn't mayhem what would be expected in this film? There wasn't a dull moment. The frustration of language barriers and unfamiliarity with the area made disaster more disastrous. When it rained it poured in this film. It's not a sleeper. Acting and production were good and directing was streamline. It's the kind of movie that allows you to care about the characters enough to be troubled if they came to be in harm's way, but this isn't a character study in which you become overly endeared to the characters. Perfect set-up if you're just not feeling like a deep movie. I liked it. NOT for kids.
If you've seen Wildcats or Major League or any other sitcom/movie where the owner or coach is female, then you've already seen this. Lots of male chauvinists and dumb jocks and &#34;you go girl!&#34; attitude. Not terrible, but not the least bit original, either.
Really loved this series in Season 1.  It was smart, interesting and had great character development.  The backstory was poignant and well done.  Season 2 was good but strayed a bit into soap land.  Still enjoyed it and it kept me guessing.  Season 3 has totally deteriorated and feels as if I've gone back 30 years to Days of Our Lives.  In my opinion, it's just lost its way and the characters have become caricatures.  And what happened to Emily/Amanda clearing her father's name?  I understand that the idea is she's lost her way and it's all about 'revenge' now... but the heart of the story - the essence that brought me back every week is gone.  I'm bored of the drama for the sake of drama.  Most frustrating of all is watching Nolan - my favorite character - reduced to a naive guy who always gets taken advantage of.  I must say that if you enjoy soaps, you might like this and find it highly entertaining.  I just am having a tough time watching anymore.
I was pretty disappointed with what I thought was going to be a fun episode of Robert Rodriguez or Quinton Tarantino style retro-flick.  I think that was the idea as this movie was hinted at in one of the "Grindhouse" trailers.  While it's nice to see Rutger Hauer again especially with the in-your-face title in hand, the film never gets past the raw carnage and bloody gore of the premise.  Hauer is a railcar hopping hobo who stumbles upon a nasty town that for some reason nobody leaves.  The population stays in spite of the fact that the police and politicians are controlled by the evil Drake and his 2 equally evil sons. They stay in spite of the fact that it's acceptable to board a school bus and kill all the kiddies with a flame thrower...and of course, for no reason.  I found the movie pretty stupid without much to recommend.
This is a fairly drawn out manhunt with predictable plot twists. The story line is a little long in the tooth.  You will cheer a little for the heroine and hiss at the villan.
Fast, facile jokes in a similar style to 30 Rock or Arrested Development make this caricature of Monsanto (a nefarious R&D heavy company that makes both GMO food and pesticides) a lot of fun.  In contrast to Arrested Development, however, the characters are not very well developed, and so I'm watching it with far less empathy than those in AD.  The lack of social empathy is more like 30 rock where only a few characters are singled out for elaboration but they are so over-caricatured and ancillary that they are unrelatable as humans: in Ted this is the zany scientists and cold ceo and in 30 rock Jenna, Tracy, the paige and the writing staff.
An uexpected turn in quality from previous seasons.  Entaintaining as it was in previous as the show really is about nothing except people going about their lives at home, but the quality in humor has take a downward move
Slow and not overly funny. Segment clips are as long as the comedy clips.
For a lot of people around a certain age our first experience with gory horror films were through old video tapes, sometimes of dubious quality, that hold cherished memories of our wayward youth and that particular moment when our fragile little minds were warped for good. So the concept of a horror anthology played out through the home video revolution of yore, is something of an inspired idea, however ideas are good, execution is where it is made or broken and unfortunately V/H/S  is a very mixed bag of treats, but mostly tricks.For me the found footage genre ran out of scares a Paranormal Activity or two back,this genre has been successful by promising less than it delivers. Some have been better than others, the Last Exorcism, Diary of the Dead and the original Paranormal Activity were all very good and effective little movies. V/H/S isn't quite in that league, but at times it is one of the better  examples of the genre, and at others it is the exemplar of everything that is wrong with it.Things get off to a fairly lousy start by having a wrap around story that is dull, uninvolving and rather intrusive on latter parts of the movie. There are five short films, about twenty minutes each, I guess because the whole endeavor runs an excessive two hours. As it is about half of it works pretty well, another quarter is just okay, while the other quarter is just plain awful.Most of the stories are a little vague, some are rather incoherent, nearly all these stories are filmed on digital, which begs the question why were they transferred onto VHS tapes in the first place. The principal characters are pretty well all douche bags and incredibly stupid, there isn't sympathetic or identifiable person in the whole film. The shaky camera photography is supposed to look like s*** and it succeeds. There is a lot more talk than action, sometimes the screen actually goes blank.Some of these shorts are made by very talented young filmmakers, Ti West is one of them. West has directed the exceptionally good old school horror movies the House of the Devil and the Innkeepers. Also David Bruckner did the solid creepfest the Signal and director Glenn McQuaid gave us the joyously lugubrious I Sell the Dead. I have no idea which films belong to whom because they all look like they came from the same quasi-talented filmmaker.I love horror movies and the anthology is one of my favorite formats, it's good to see it brought out again, there aren't enough of them any more I`m sucker for this Tales From the Crpyt/Creepshow/Tales of Terror kind of scary movie. However, this looks like a bad flick on a poor quality tape, which I saw on high definition satellite television, bringing us full circle. If I had it on video I would have fast foreword a good deal of it.There is a fair amount of blood and gore and plentiful female nudity throughout the movie to keep our interest, and pretty much like everything else here it is only occasional succeeds. The acting is decent, I assume these are all professional performers, but a few are questionable. There are a few substantial scary moments and a couple of good jolts, but there is a lot to wade through here. I'm not sure it is worth the effort for anyone who is not the most ardent fan of such of things to begin with.read my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
Some solid actors, some good moments, so I am hopeful that this show could evolve and show us all sides of the &#34;classic music&#34; business.  Would watch, if it was selected.
Extremely poorly written. I found the jokes more disturbing then sad as the movie progressed. This is a very adult film, not something any age kid should be watching. From the hardcore porn playing in the backround, to the full frontal nudity. Somehow watching a old guy getting blown up with all the kids watching was supposed to be funny.I found my self feeling bad for the kids being in a film like this.They take the shock value we see in movies like, wedding crashers oldschool and dodgeball. Then they put it in a movie with a bunch of little kids. Instead of adding in some funny inendo, or word plays, like the other films. They show hardcore porn, nudity, and really disturbing behavior.There is a line between funny, and WTF. They stayed firmly on the WTF side the entire film.
I really would like to watch at least one episode of this, but in my haste to get it, I forgot to check to see if it was closed-captioned. It's not.  So I can't give a review of it.
The overall premise of the story is good. The fact that the only people sent down are teenagers? Please. The whole thing is dreadful.
I know this was supposed to be funny, but it just wasn't to my liking.  I found the acting so bad that I couldn't make it through he first episode.  Very disappointing.
Thoroughly unlikeable people behaving badly.  Poor production values. Not even remotely funny, interesting or  amusing. I would characterize this show as cringe-inducing.  Just generally awful.
It was not what I expected and narration was boring. I could hardly stay connected and was glad when it was over.
When I discovered Amazon launched a second phase of pilot, I thought this crop has to be better than the last (hey, you learn by your mistakes) especially with Netflix setting a rather high bar, but if this is the best of the lot then I'm afraid Amazon need to scrap their current selection process and build a better one.I came into this knowing absolutely nothing about it and groaned almost immediately. Bad acting, bad dialogue, bad accents, prehistoric racial and class stereotypes, and the dumbest decisions made by the blandest characters... this one has it all.So, after wasting nearly an hour on the most unrealistic reactions to a citywide disaster, and a ragtag group of characters banding together and STAYING together for no good reason, the show tosses in a***SPOILERS***birthday mystery and a demon with linking tattoos? As if that's somehow enough to to pull me back for the second episode? No way, no how.As when I finally discover this sub par mystery show was not only written but directed by Chris Carter, you could have knocked me over with a feather.How the mighty have fallen.
I'm a little hard to please when it comes to comedy because I've watched so many.  I just didn't think this was funny.  I didn't laugh until the very end when it finished with the wrestling match with Colbert.  It has talented actors but flat out needs better writers.  Since the show has promise I hope it can be fixed in a hurry.  If not, can it.
This movies was okay if you're really into zombies and watch every zombie movie that comes out. I've seen a lot better.
I see so many raving reviews of this series that I had to watch it. This is exactly the type of show my wife and I like to watch, almost exclusively. I normally screen the shows before I suggest we watch them together. I knew from the first season that she wouldn't enjoy Prime Suspect. It is sometimes true that shows I know she won't like will be okay for me, so I watch them alone. But I had to give up after season five.I do agree with others that the acting is good and the locations and sets are well done too. But I have other issues that have me rating this three stars, and I was tempted to rate it two stars.First, and most importantly for me, was the constant bickering amongst the members of the police force. It was throughout the series and never let up. To me it shows a lack of leadership and maturity of the lead character Jane Tennison, and also of her bosses. There were several times when I wanted to shout at the TV for her to get smart and bring the team along and into alignment with her, rather than yelling and taking sides without explaining why she felt so strongly about her convictions concerning a case. It just didn't seem wise or real to me.Second was almost every season her boss threatened to, or actually did, pull her off a case. This just got old season after season.Third I felt that 3 hours, in come cases, devoted to a single crime was simply too long to bear. That length promotes what my wife and I call "filler" to stretch out a weak story. In this case the stories may not be weak but making them so long made them seem weak.So, contrary to almost every other reviewer, I had to file my comments even though they are far outside the mainstream of reviews.
Not since MONSTER'S BALL have I seen a movie that made we want to conduct a nuclear strike on the Deep South and then hang myself.Since I've been to the south, I wonder if anyting coming out of Hollywood (or Sundance) can be trusted.  To filmmakers, the south isn't a region or a people or culture, but a genre that can only be pushed and mutated into exercises in human depravity and despair.  I'm sure there are people who live horrible lives...but that's everywhere.  And I really don't think another film about addictions, poor white trash, and rape is necessary.  Just me.The acting is good.  The film looks very professional.  The writing...well...life really sucks east of Aspen and Hollywood.
I purchased the first six episodes for my kiddo hoping and praying there would be no puppets as there are in half of the season 1 episodes. No such luck. My kid loves Caillou but every time there is a puppet "intermission" between shorts the kindle gets slapped silly until the cartoon is back on. It would be nice if Amazon would mark which episodes have these ridiculous puppet shows.
I wanted to like this show, I just lost interest after three episodes, it just does not hold your attention, not mine anyway, I find the story to have been told before, not original, the effects are good, the actors are good, it's just the story.
If you read any of my reviews, you know I'm not going to tell you any spoilers. So, here's my take on this film: It's more of a mental issues mixed with a desperate situation. By the time you get to the middle of the movie, you will feel for the son and what he has and is going through. It has a touch of male bonding too, which lends to the storyline nicely. It is not a full on horror movie in the sense of slicing and dicing, it's more like mental horror. Great flick! Worth a watch.
really bad mash up of every bad genre stereotype and cliche put in a bland story that has no spark whatsoever.
The crazy players are one-dimensional and the lovable happenstance GM seems like this is the role he always gets stuck playing. It just tries too hard and is too predictable. The only thing evenly slightly funny was the monkey snippet during the credits.
Honestly here guys, overall this things getting 4 stars with an overall of 33 votes so far? Come on, who are you kidding? Every other site slams this movie with honest reviews, IMDB has this as 4 of 10 stars with 673 votes. Put two and two together here folks. You saw the trailer right? If not, go see it, and you will know this movie is going to be horrible just from watching that. Horrible acting, bad editing, dodgy sound, ugly lead actresses, dumb plot, and made by two girls no one I know has ever heard of. What where they popular on a public access show they produced in a town that all 32 residents living their watched it? So why is there reviews here praising how much they love them? Sounds to me like one of the following possibilities.1 - One or both of the twins wrote a review or two here.2 - Some pervert just heard it was female twins and went nuts obsessing over it.3 - Friends of friends of friends... you know, "like my movie on facebook guys!!!"4 - It's just a bunch of jokers having a stupid laugh.5 - Drunk or mental conditions apply to the reviewer.6 - Watched the wrong movie.Add a 7 if you have any more thoughts :D
I enjoyed Alpha House.  It was a great mix of comedy and politics.  There is humor all throughout the show.  I would recommend this show and I'm looking forward to Season 2.
The UNcensored NC-17 version of Universal Soldier - Day of Reckoning is an above average sci-fi/action movie, nowhere near as good as its predecessor Regeneration, though. However despite the director's promise that the uncensored version will be released for home media this is not the case here. I don't buy INCOMPLETE movies, so I'm not buying Day of Reckoning until they correct this mistake!By the way, don't expect to see too much of Jean-Claude Van Damme or Dolph Lundgren in this one! They're only in it for a few minutes.
Solomon Kane (Michael J. Bassett, 2009)Been sitting on this Solomon Kane review for a lot longer than usual; I'm writing this on December 14, 2010, and I actually watched the movie back on October 16. I kept putting it off, trying to come up with something compelling to say about this movie, but a couple of days ago I realized that was never going to happen there is nothing compelling about this movie. It's a Sci-Fi Channel original on steroids and with marginally better production values, but it's basically a Sci-Fi Channel original Movie nonetheless.Solomon Kane (Resident Evil's James Purefoy) is a former mercenary who, after the particularly vicious sacking of a town, loses his soul to the devil. As a result, he renounces his life of violence and retires to seclusion in a monastery in the remote countryside. All well and good until the monks decide that, given the state of his soul, he's too much of a threat to keep around. They toss him out on his ear, and while traveling, he falls in with a band of merry travelers, the Crowthorns. Father William (The Usual Suspects' Pete Postlethwaite) is a caring sort who scoops Kane up off the road whilst he's injured and unconscious, and as he recovers, he gets to be friends with the rambunctious son, Samuel (Patrick Hurd-Wood, real-life brother to Rachel), and there's some hefty sexual tension with the daughter, Meredith (said Rachel, recently of An American Haunting). All goes well, again, except that, you know, the devil is on his tail, and he must eventually realize that pacifism is probably not the way to go in the face of so implacable a foe (and said foe's henchmen).The most impressive thing about this flick, hands down, is the cast. I didn't mention Max von Sydow, who plays Kane's father, though he generally looks lost during his two minutes or so of screen time. Nor Alice Krige as the matron of the Crowthorns, and Alice Krige, like Pete Postlethwaite, is always a welcome sight on a screen. Or Jason Flemyng, perhaps the least-known, but most talented, of the stable Guy Ritchie made Lock Stock... and Snatch with (a group that has given us, among others, Jason Statham and Vinnie Jones). Philip Winchester (Camelot). Ryan James (The Illusionist). The list goes on. There is a heavy load of acting talent to be found here. And collectively it does the best it can with a tired script, adapted by Bassett from source by Robert E. Howard.Do people never learn? Has there, to date, been a single decent movie adapted from Howard's work? (Let me help you out with that one: no.) Tto flicks, two TV series, and four video games, and no one's figured out how to do Conan the Barbarian right yet. And we'll not even mention Red Sonja except in passing. (But we have to pause and snigger at Kull the Conqueror, which at least revels in its awfulness.) You have to blame this, at least partly, on the slavish devotion people seem to feel to Howard's work; no one is willing to update away the archaic attitudes, take into account differences in expected pacing then and now, that sort of thing.Don't get me wrong, in the world of Howard adaptations, it's clearly the best of a bad lot, and if you're looking for a generic actioner with supernatural elements, you can do a whole lot worse than this. But classic cinema it is not, and from the gushing of some reviewers, you might be expecting it. ***
If you don't have anything else to watch and you're not a serious fan of mysteries, this probably wouldn't be a horrible choice. The expected rebel cop, pretty girl and sophomoric jokes were all there and not much else.
This film is a crime drama with a bit of supernatural and horror thrown in. Acting and cinematography is pretty good and the crime story isn't bad.
This pilot, although not fully fleshed out, just felt like a flat Tripping The Rift. Not to much to impress or care about in these characters.
Couldn't even make it half way through the pilot.  Didn't laugh once.  Matter of fact, didn't feel anything for this show.  It's as boring as staring at a wall.  The main characters are unlikeable and the dialogue sounds forced.Not sure who's approving the shows for Amazon but the two that I have watched so far (Alpha House and The After) have both been terrible.
Many of the elements of the iconic setting of "Psycho" are here to hook you into the action. The old Gothic-look motel on a weedy hill is well re-created, with its treacherously steep staircase to the upper floor of bedrooms, and the dusty, moldering Victorian furniture throughout. Freddie Highmore looks like a teen-aged Anthony Perkins and captures the volatile combination of quirky charm and dangerous temper that Perkins projected as the adult Norman Bates. But beyond that, this series goes its own way without providing any legitimate insights into what might have been Norman's making. None of the over-the-top action here rings psychologically true.For one thing, Vera Farminga's character could not have been Norman's mother. Farminga's Mrs. Bates is young and attractive and outwardly focused. She wants to make a go of this motel she's just bought (this time located in Oregon). She has none of the insular, doting, insidiously manipulative quality that we imagine any mother of a Norman must have had. A psychologically more apt media model for any mother of Norman would have been Howard's mother on the old "Andy Griffith/Mayberry" TV series. (Often hailed as a classic of small-town American decency, many of that series' episodes, stripped of their laugh tracks, could actually be seen to have a chillingly dark side.)What's more, the one-after-the-other dilemmas that are supposedly molding Norman's character in this town are improbable and even ludicrous. Everyone in this small town is homicidally antagonistic due to having some terrible secret to protect. So this comes off as "Twin Peaks" meets "Bad Day at Black Rock."Outside of recreating the old Psycho sets, there is a certain carelessness about the details and the logic of this series. Viewers are tipped off to this slap-dash approach when we see the original name of the motel that Mrs. Bates buys. Before she re-dubs it in the ghastly, guttering neons of "Bates Motel" - the place had been named "The Seafairer." I think that misspelling of "seafarer" was one of the many oversights of this production, rather than an intentional variant of the spelling.It's too bad that a classic film has again been exploited to grab an audience for essentially unrelated material. Nevertheless, once I realized I wasn't going to gain any serious understanding of the classic Norman Bates character here, I was able to go with the flow of this series of implausible cliffhangers and enjoy the roller-coaster ride.There aren't many extras on this DVD. There are a few "deleted scenes" for some of the episodes. Then there's a panel discussion about the genesis of this idea featuring the series' producers and some of the stars. The conversation here is lame. You can easily skip this bonus feature and just concentrate on the thrill of the surreal dilemmas in the episodes themselves.
"How is Jack Knowles seeing a movie of a drunken woman hitting me with her bike helping you get your dream Bruce?" Frankie's (Hunnam) brother Bruce (O'Dowd) has just got out of prison and is back in his life. Frankie is not happy about this. His whole life Bruce has been filming Frankie in the worst possible situations. When Frankie has an embarrassing night with a woman he just met his brother films that too. This simple act spirals out of control and ends up affecting everyone involved, and some who aren't. I'm not sure what I expected from this movie but it wasn't this. The movie is funny and I did laugh a few times but it was different then I thought it would be. The cast is funny and the dialog is funny but it is borderline offensive so be warned if you are easily offended. I don't want to say too much because this is the kind of movie that each scene builds on itself and saying something will ruin the flow but it is funny, just different. Overall, not bad and worth seeing unless you are easily offended. I give it a B-.
It was mind numing. It had no draw for my atention atr all. sad really. blah blah blah blahza. did n't care for it.
Anyone anticipating "The Samaritan" to be a high octane thrill ride will probably have those expectations thwarted.  Truthfully, I also didn't expect much from this Blu-ray and thought it would be an exercise in conventional action mayhem.  It is, however, a movie with a lot more on its mind. "The Samaritan" is a surprisingly contemplative film about redemption and second chances.  Featuring a solid Samuel Jackson, the screenplay takes its time in building a genuinely interesting story.  Jackson gives one of his more complex performances as a man struggling to create a new life, a new identity, and start afresh.  He's great and the movie serves up some terrifically unpleasant surprises (the twist at the half way point is a doozy)!  But just as the movie approaches the final act, it falters.  An intricate con to swindle a crime lord out of millions of dollars is set up with almost zero preparation and back story.  If a clever grift is essential to your screenplay, however, it needs to be smart and believable (or in some cases breezy and fun).  This one is so ill-conceived (major players change out hours before the meet, this must be one idiotic crime boss to not check out ANYTHING) that it almost derails the picture just when it's reaching the most pivotal moments.Jackson plays an ex-con, recently paroled after a 25 year stint.  He wants to live a quiet life, but he gets drawn into the criminal world again by the son of a former associate (Luke Kirby).  Although reticent, Jackson allows Kirby an entrance due to the fact that he was personally responsible for his father's death.  When a young woman in Kirby's employ (Ruth Negga) comes between the two, it just might be the leverage that Kirby needs to get Jackson to sign on for a job.  Can Jackson extricate himself from an ever-tightening web?  The build-up leads to a final confrontation (Tom Wilkinson plays the mark) that is effectively staged and emotional.  But it really falls short in a set-up.  Without believing anything about this final scenario, it really lessened the impact of the movie.  The vibe of the film is gritty realness, this ending just didn't follow through on that promise.Still, if you are a Jackson fan, this is one of his more nuanced roles of late.  Beaten down by life, his detachment has a chilly truth.  He is still a great actor capable of showcasing complex and multi-leveled roles, and this definitely qualifies.  I liked Kirby's cool menace as well.  Once again, "The Samaritan" works best when considered an introspective character study.  It is marketed more as a non-stop action movie, though, and that really doesn't address the primary audience for the movie.  This has a slow burn pace that builds tension.  I just wish that the payoff was smarter.  I went from being deeply engrossed to rolling my eyes in disbelief within minutes.  About 3 1/2 stars.  Let's hope Jackson keeps taking more challenging roles.  KGHarris, 9/12.
Two fun loving guys (Ariel Levy, Nicol&aacute;s Mart&iacute;nez) and Gringo (Eli Roth) meet a hot Russian model and her two European friends while vacationing in Chile. Character is built for half the film, about 10 minutes too long. We get to know the characters fairly well in this time and they are all flawed. The earthquake hits and anarchy reigns supreme as criminals escape from a prison.Outside of Nicolas Martinez as a Chilean Zach Galifianakis, I found the film boring, even with the young hot chicks. I didn't feel the horror or terror of what is more like a bad street snuff film.Not recommended even as a rental.Parental Guide: F-bomb, rape. Brief nudity-Male butt nudity, scrots, woman with pasties.
Wait, there is an Asian character in the show?  Is she the main character? No. Oh so it is like every other show about snotty evil white people.  I'm bored. Really really bored of this stuff.  I don't even see pictures any more.  It's just a blur of white people, credit cards, and soft porn.  I keep hoping to see something different but nothing ever changes.
I really wanted to like it but just couldn't get into it at all.  I noticed there were several seasons so I may try it again.
Its a weird name for a kid and kids show.  I don't particularly care for this show, because the characters voice is whiny and annoying, but my kids like it so I suffer through it for them.  Over all its a good kids show, I just don't care for it because, well...I am an adult.
I was interested in the concept, and thought the actors/characters were interesting, but then they had to throw in tawdry sex, group sex - yuck!  Why do they have to get into weird stuff to titillate the audience?  Are Americans that jaded?  Just stick with a good plot line and you'll have a winner!
My kids like it but it's just way too hokey for me. Too many gags. Action scenes abound but they are pretty unoriginal. I def don't like the new Nova or Power Man.
I felt the jokes crossed the line and made fun of certain populations.  The script also played into stereotypes, which will not benefit society.
This show could have been interesting but the writers and producers (like most reality shows) must think that the general viewing public is just plain STUPID to believe the crap they feed us.One example - One of the mountain men broke down in his snowmobile 10 miles from home in the middle of the night. Also it was -30 below zero. He had to hike back to his cabin (again 10 miles) and fetch another motor (80lbs) and hike BACK 10 miles and install it. Give me a break! All the while you could hear wolf howling in the background. Very bad sound effects. And I guess the camera crew hiked back also.Another scene, another &#34;man&#34; and his brother were hunting down a mountain lion that was coming to close to their residence. They wanted to scare it back into the mountains. They rode horseback for a few miles before coming across the lion. And when they did, they yelled &#34;shoo lion, get away from here...&#34; And the lion ran off never to come back again.Yep... now I know what I have been doing all wrong when trying to get rid of raccoon's that have been getting in my trash. I forgot to yell SHOO!!!
While I would probably watch a few more episodes on a rainy afternoon, this series is way too typical of police dramas: smart officer, in trouble; Los Angeles backdrop; telegenic female characters. There is nothing gritty or realistic about it, despite some very decent performances.
Amazon won't let me review individual episodes.Here is an update:I cancelled after midrun in the fifth season - it just got stupid.Catherine is back, yet again, Damon IS a VAMPIRE and everyone chides him for being one,I found him a lot more interesting than Steffen with his Bunny diet.After 5 years I have had enough of Cat and the love triangle.( I was cheering too, for her to die, finally!)Maybe that is what the teenies want, it's okay - after all it was written for them, but I can't deal with this neverending soap anymore!Everyone is on damons case for being a vampire ,yet vampires is what this show is based on.He is the closest thing to being one on this show - the way this is going I would rather watch Bunnicula .That seems to be what the audience wants.I feel sorry for the actors, they are Great, they are believable, do what they are told,are really,really good at it, but the writers are dropping the ball.
Watched only a few minutes of this pilot and didn't like any of what I saw. OK if you're into a lot of classical music I guess.
It's okay. If you can't find anything else to watch. The episodes get a little better in year two. I felt sorry for Adam Arkin..what a lame role for him to endure. I  guess a paying job is better than none,
Once in a while, I try out a new cable show.  I had read descriptions of it online, so I knew what to expect.  The show is predictable and a bit boring.  Chosen One stories are so overdone. It's possible that this show was created for the younger set. I'm of the age that I used to watch Star Trek on B&W TV when it first aired. I prefer movies/shows like Stigmata, The Prophecy, earlier episodes of Supernatural, Thor (the first movie ONLY). I cancelled the season pass as soon as I saw the second episode.  Cable free for over a year; still a good decision.
According to Jewish beliefs, the Torah, both written and oral, was handed by God to Moses, who in turn wrote it down; preserving it through the ages to this day. But historical facts and research seem to contradict that notion.The majority of Biblical scholars believe that the Torah,the Talmud and TaNaKh were first written during the Hebrews exile to Babylon (following the destruction of the First 'Solomon' Temple by Nebuchadnezar ll around 587 BCE) and completed by the Persian period, two hundred years later.The TaNaKh relates the deeds and miracles of the Prophets from Abraham, Moses, Miriam, Isaiah, Samuel, Ezekiel, Malachi, and Job.  Daniel is not counted in the list of prophets, yet this film relies heavily on his prophecies and dream interpretations. The Book of Daniel is paramount in this production; and so are the hallucigenic prophecies of John the Divine of Patmos (Book of Revelation).The divinations of the alchemist, Michel de Notre Dame (Nostradamus) and more recently of the "Sleeping Prophet", the American Edgar Cayce, are dismissed as nonsensical by the authors of this production. Also they do not spent much time on the geography or history of (Tel) Megiddo, an important ancient city on the Via Maris, a major trade route between (often at war) kingdoms of Egypt, Syria, Mesopotamia and Hittite Anatolia. Megiddo was the site of many battles and is mentioned several times in the Old Testament but without any particular prophecy. Its connection with the Apocalypse and the 'end of days' Battle of Armageddon is only found in"Revelation".The film is mainly a vehicle to peddle the conspiracy theory of the New World Order (NWO) that refers to the emergence of a secular totalitarian one-world government supported by Satan and made possible by the evil machinations of the Illuminati, the Masons and especially the Jesuits! It goes into exhaustive and repetitive details to make the point, which in the end greatly detracts from its goal.It is up to the viewers to decide on the veracity and value of the information and to interpret its message according to their own set of beliefs.The production quality is mediocre, the "talking heads"- although sincere - lack credibility, visual effects are amateurish (especially the cartoons) and the drawn out 2 hours 17 mins. made it stultifyingly boring. A 30 minutes presentation would have achieved a much better result.
We love the show but the story line seems very disjointed and scattered.  From one show to the next there is little continuity and characters don't seem to hold it together.  The idea is good but the writing needs a little help.  We watch mainly to see if it is going to get better.  The drugs, nudity, etc. don't help either but that is just my opinion.  We love Big Bang and had hoped it would go in that vain but so far not so good.
The best way to describe the second half of season 3 is that for the first 7 episodes, Jenna's character becomes totally despicable; although they try to redeem her character in the final 3 episodes, the best way to sum it up is what Sadie says to Jenna in the final epode, something to the effect, "It's not fun calling you a skank pot-head ho anymore, because it's just the truth." The sad thing, it really is all true, and I wonder if the viewers can accept a character so fundamentally altered? I understand Jenna will in fact be back for season 4, however, the creator of the show has abandoned the project, and the two new show runners/writers are a couple of homosexual males who are getting rid of some characters  (such as Ming and the Asian Mafia) in favor of introducing two "Beavis and Butthead" type gay characters, and an African exchange student; so enjoy this last taste of the real "Awkward." because big changes are coming.
This was the worst show on tv . A bunch of cardboard characters , wooden acting , stupid cases and vulgar and tasteless jokes . This was totally repulsive garbage and the fact that TNT kept it on seven seasons shows they are a stupid network .
My problem is, I am too old to appreciate the raunchy side of her humor anymore.  My grandson laughed but he is in his late teens and not often exposed to this type of humor so the shock value was higher and the vulgarity funnier to him.  Thank you.
I'm upgrading my review because it turns out I like the content, surprise! My beef is still that there's so little time of actual content. Too much time gone for commercial breaks, too many repetitive scenes - in one show the same scene was repeated four times.The series is perfect for showing what CAN and DOES go wrong with do-it-yourselfing.  In one episode, we spend precious time watching a couple trying to round up their runaway dog. The husband Gustavo is a keeper! He's adorable, funny, he's romantic to her and he obviously loves her :) The wife, on the other hand, is heard making derogatory comments about him. - ouch. She cusses at him, she yells at him and he remains calm. Damn girl, get a grip! See, this is the problem I have with "reality" shows, I get sidetracked. So far, I've seen three episodes and in each, the wife is bossy and shrewish. I don't know if it's editing, or reality, but oooh.  The thing is, if it was the husband behaving this way and saying those things, people would be screaming "wife abuse"... really, I suggest that every time a wife does or says something mean, you think to yourself, what if it were the man?  Enlightening.My opinion is that this series is produced by the industries of contracting, remodeling, construction, etc. because it's sure to discourage a lot of people from even thinking of doing it themselves, lol! OTOH, it might save some marriages by not doing it themselves.  :D
My wife and I were glued to the TV watching this for its silly, but tense plot and spring-boarding to the next sequence. However, it had dialogue written either by twenty-somethings or the most cynical burnout screen writers around. Trite only begins to describe this dialogue. And the inattention to minor details in directing was very annoying. For example, the two protagonists pursuing an agent with a deadly viral weapon, have just landed at U.S. customs and enter the airport. They quickly begin using their guns against enemy agents. Now, really.Decent actors, decent cinematography. Just an utter lack of craft and artistry among the writers and directors.
I wanted to enjoy the show. However, I'm tired of the negative stereotypes of black players (drugs, partying, daddy issues, reliant on white people to make their lives better) BS. Whether this show gets picked up or not, I will not be watching.
Nine Things About the Movie &#8220;Pompeii&#8221;1. The only thing that most people know about Pompeii is that it was an Italian city destroyed by a volcano and buried in ash a long time ago. So this movie makes up the rest of the story.2. The plot of the movie is as generic as you can get. You can almost hear the filmmakers say, &#8220;Well, the event happened in gladiator times. And it&#8217;s about a bunch of people who can&#8217;t escape where they are and they all get killed. So let&#8217;s make &#8216;Gladiator&#8217; meets &#8216;Titanic&#8217;. And even though it&#8217;s in Italy, let&#8217;s make everybody talk with a vague sort-of-British accent.&#8221;3. And that&#8217;s exactly what they did. It&#8217;s your basic poor-boy/rich girl story. It&#8217;s about a boy named Milo that is captured in war, becomes a slave, and then is sent to Pompeii to fight as a gladiator. While there, he meets Cassia, the daughter of the city ruler. They fall in love. Her dad is upset. The usual.4. Meanwhile, the volcano starts acting up. For some reason, it only happens at night, like the volcano was some serial killer, and people start disappearing.5. Besides the love story, there is a half-baked political subplot.. Since we all know how the movie ends, the story is not only silly, it&#8217;s pointless. There&#8217;s no reason to care much about the characters.6. The last half-hour of the film is all about the destruction of the city. It&#8217;s pretty cool to watch, and the 3D effects are well done.7. The director did take a lot of time to make the city itself historically accurate, basing it on studies of the actual ruins. Historians give the movie points for this.8. Scientists who study volcanoes say that the depiction of the volcano is also historically accurate, except for when it rains fireballs.9. This is a simple, old-fashioned disaster movie that offers nothing special in terms of story, but is fun to watch.
Trying to create humor from a party so lacking in it seems to be a stretch.  John Goodman's character is the most interesting since he apparently has been long term and suddenly finds himself being challenged by a popular state figure in an up coming election.  The lothario character is more irritating than entertaining. And, the other characters are forgettable.  I doubt that the talented Goodman can carry this by himself.
Not quite there yet, but of the Amazon pilots it probably has the most potential of any of them of being a series.  (so disappointed in Zombieland and The Onion...)  If I were an Amazon exec, I'd order a short season, 5 to 10 eps, and see if it built on its potential.
The storyline was no surprise though I kept watching because I just wanted to see what man would be Natalie's nemesis in the show.  Held out to the end to reveal.  I would watch more of it to see how the story develops but they need more characters you can care about.
the show is not that interesting or original or funny. but it won't make your eyeballs bleed, so at least there's that.
The opening of this show was a little slow, with some very predictable jokes about corruption in government. Some moments sounded very much like a Garry Trudeau comic, and at times I felt they were set up much like a comic: as tableaux where people would give dryly witty lines. Then, as the characters began to get more active -- to move around more and actually get involved in some action -- the show worked better. I'd like to see more of this show and this cast, and I hope that if it gets picked up Trudeau remembers to incorporate action and movement to his masterful wit.Alyce
I detest streaming videos. Where is the DVD set for the 2013 Dallas season 2? I want the hard copy. Not some virtual version controlled by a 3rd Party. Consumers need to stand their ground to ensure we continue to have the option of DVD's for our movies & TV episode seasons.Fortunately, I did tape every episode on VHS as a precaution just in case they pulled a dirty trick like this. Season one was immediately available on DVD at the end of the broadcast season. But season 2 is nowhere to be seen. No evidence they plan to offer DVD's at all for season 2.I don't use DVR's because those are worse. As an example, the network was able to have the cable & sat providers delete a controversial episode of Jesse Ventura's conspiracy theory from every DVR it had been recorded on. These deletions surgically occurred across multiple providers who claimed it was a software upgrade glitch which deleted this one particular episode on the same week, about 2 months after it was aired, from the DVR's of every customer which had recorded via DVR.  Fortunately, mine was on VHS where they couldn't get to it. There were hundreds of viewers complaining in the online forums how that episode was deleted on all of their DVR's despite using different providers. You can probably still find these complaints online.This is just one example of the drawbacks of soft copies like streaming video, DVR & instant episodes. Even if the DVR was disconnected, a command can be inserted to delete an episode the next time the unit is accessed.  At any future point, these can be remotely deleted with simple commands. Many years ago, I was on the original design team for these DVR & interactive set top boxes for the cable & sat companies. The capabilities for these devices are far more invasive than anyone can imagine. Why do you think they give away these DVR boxes. I specifically purchased plain set top boxes from direct TV which do not have DVR's. Also, by owning the equipment, they cannot arbitrarily upgrade or change anything.This info will likely mean nothing to you until it is too late; after one of your recorded episodes has been deleted without warning & blamed on some glitch. All it takes is the fear of a lawsuit for a network to order the discreet elimination of some episode without warning.Also, avoid Ultraviolet DVD's which install spyware on your computer & can delete other movies & videos on your computer which is determined not to meet certain standards. You should be able to find comments on this website which pertain to the drawbacks of Ultraviolet.Fighting to insist on DVD versions for movies & TV just may be the last vestige of control remaining between the public & absolute control of providers. Once you lose those freedoms to choose; they wont come back.Welcome to the "1984" version of a controlled society.
Definite 80's. Interesting but not right up there with the real moving series. A nice relaxing series. I will probably watch season 2.
There is nothing really new here. I give it 3 stars because it is well done but I wont watch it again. If you like police dramas this show is for you but it feels much like every other show on tv about detectives.
Are you kidding me!  That is the only thing I can say after painfully suffering through watching one the worst non-horror films of all time.  This was not scary and the concept was very poor...watch this if you want to waste time and money.
Didn't care for it - just too stupid for me. Maybe if I watched more of it but so far it wasn't worth my time.
In Short: Drama revolving around the love between Milo, a gladiator played by Kit Harington, and Cassia, played by Emily Browning, the daughter of a ruler. Class and circumstance keeps them apart but the violent eruption at Pompeii will bring them together.The scenery and effects were both beautiful. I loved the landscapes and the sets full of pillars, columns and statues. Costume designers did an excellent job as well. The eruption was awesome. The entire production really came through visually.Plot and portrayal wise, this one was terribly weak. The love story was built up to be epic but fell short. I didn't feel a tug at my heart or the heat of passion. The only time I got caught up in the film was when Milo thought to extract revenge for the murder of his parents.So I give it 3 stars, largely due to the visual effects, great set and amazing location. A more convincing performance would definitely improve the movie.
This series seems to be a copycat of another series Brad Meltzer's Decoded. No answers are provided, only questions. If you are bored stiff and there is absolutely nothing else on, and you sick drawer has already been arranged twice this week, it's OK to waste time watching this series.
Not nearly as funny as it could be with the great cast that they have.. A well thought out punch line here and there do not make for a great show. Maybe some new writers might the help the show. And it only got an It's okay because of the actors otherwise it would have been one less star
If this is a comedy it needs a lot of work. Before keeping this I would invest that money into alpha house.
Variation on a theme in TVland and cinema: those who stand accused are subject/responsible to social indictment from society; people never change their substance ("DNA"); the "bad" people belong behind bars or deserve to be killed.In No Good Deed (Episode #9), Neal recognizes that Peter is closed to him as anything more than a criminal. [The same as what the psychiatrist said to Neal.] Over the past 4 seasons, Peter takes every opportunity to remind Neal of his flawed character, usually jokingly, yet consistently labelling Neal as deficient, deviant "criminal" from the appropriate norm that Peter upholds as an FBI agent: Peter is better than Neal will ever be ... as a human being.Another show, A.L.I.A.S. showed the same moral indignation toward the character Sloane from Sydney Bristow.  Likewise, in The Aviator, Howard Hughes (Leonardo di Caprio) falls prey to the constant bullying from his airline rival (played by Alex Baldwin) despite his wealth and social stature.Is this constant theme giving us license to judge others or encouraging to accept intimidation and bullying as the nature of human interaction, our superiority complex?  I will wait the end of the season to find out where the writers think this leads.Not only is the Peter-Neal relationship at risk, the wife has on several occasions shown discontent with Peter's FBI career and ways. Furthermore, the writers may give us the ultimate friction: it may be revealed to Peter that "the system" does not work which wuld put Peter in conflict with himself.
STORAGE 24 - I checked it out last night on Netflix streaming. For being a `creature' flick...it wasn't THAT bad.The movie takes place in London - Yep...hot chicks with accents. SOLD! (lol) The movie starts off with an explosion - plane crashes and there's a metal box on the ground - - - by the look of it - - "Something" was in this metal box. Night time comes and we meet a group of people and a few strangers who happen to be stopping by a storage facility - - picture a U-Haul Self Storage place...but BIGGER...wayyyyy bigger. As we continue to watch - we see that there's drama between these folks. One dude has recently been dumped by his girlfriend - that's why he's there with his best friend...to pick up HIS stuff from the storage unit. The bad thing is - - his x girl friend is there at the unit as well - with HER friends. AWKWARD. Well - if that wasn't enough...the power of the facility is tripping because of the plane accident and well...THERE'S A CREATURE RUNNING AROUND...READY TO KILL. So the group of `not so' friends have to team up - - survive AND escape.Like I said before - STORAGE 24 wasn't that bad of a movie - people in my circle made it sound a lot worse. (lol) Yes...the creature looks a little cheesy in some parts. But it works. I thought the blood/kill scenes were cool.Is it worth a watch? Yeah, why not.
May be spoilers below.Ok, I saw this show on our menu one day.  I thought it, like the movie was based on real events.  While watching last night, my mom looked it up and it turns out that it is fiction.  I only started because I thought it was real stuff.So, I liked this show.  That is until the point came in which they jumped ahead.  The guy was no longer a cop, his wife is pregnant, the one guy is popular now and the killer has white hair.  It just made us feel like we had missed an entire season.  Then it started to get crazy.  It was all murder.  It almost turned into a comedy.The addition of Key and Peele hurt it as well.  Don&#8217;t get me wrong they are hilarious.  But, I kept thinking I was about to see a comedy set.  Messed up the feeling of the show.  It is like they decided to just add random stuff to the story.The worst part though, the absolute worst part was the final episode.  My god, it made this entire series pointless.  I just sat there and stared at my TV.  I thought, no way this is how they will end this show.  But, they did.  Makes everything one hundred percent pointless.  I do not want to give anything away.  But, if you watch you will more than likely agree with me.  Good show, got stupid, turned ridiculous, ended awfully.My mom, stepfather and I all feel cheated out of the hours we wasted on this show.  There is no point in ever watching it again.  I would have given the first episodes of this a four out of five.  But, from the episode that jumped ahead until the last episode I would give them a 1.  Thus, I give the entire series a 2 out of 5.
It's an original story idea, though I am getting a little tired of the Republican bashing, that's pretty old. But this show is funny, though I can see where it might start to grow stale in a second season.
This is a show that is worth watching but it seems like an almost impossible production to continue with.  A show like this cannotsucceed because the production is so difficult but it is worth watching
We only watched a few of the episodes because though we like what Glenn Close has done in the past, we found this series very difficult to follow with the confusing flashbacks and the subject content was not to our taste.
The movie was half done before I ever saw one of the &#34;creatures&#34; they'd referred to only about twice by then.  Very boring.  The ending left me wondering, what was the point of the whole movie.  I didn't get it at all.
This would have been a fairly boring medical show, if it was filmed in average USA town with working class or middle class patients. But what makes it watchable is the fact that it is filmed in the beautiful Hamptons and all the scenery and people are opulent, super rich and pretty. But even then, the show follows a predictable formula, and since Dr. Hank Lawson was an ER doctor, now turned concierge doctor for the rich, every case he deals with is a baffling emergency case. The syndromes and symptoms the patients have are new in every episode and very uncommon and bizarre in real life. Have you ever heard of &#34;a foreign accent syndrome&#34; for instance? You will, if you watch this silly medical show.
This season was bizarre. Hirings and firings, possible faked evidence, weird crew interactions. Whatever's happening makes the show look bad, makes Jason look bad. I still love Steve, Tango and the rest of the team who seem to trying to keep it going, But the show is dying, possibly because NBC is bumbling in it.
I've watched 5 seasons so why not try the 6th for $8. It's still not good and e story line never develops like other shoes that have been on this long. They really need to shake things up
I loved Kevin Kline in Dave.  It's one of my favorite movies.  I also loved him in the Cole Porter movie.  I writing that to soften my criticism; I feel disloyal when I say he is wasted in this stupid movie.  He is usually wonderful in everything he does.  Just my opinion.
I like Richard Gere and usually watch whatever movie he is in.  This was a great story about one lie leading to millions more.  It wasgood watching.
This is quite a departure for what we used to know as History Channel programming.  I am open to new ideas, but this series often goes so far off the deep end as to be unwatchable.
Joey (Jason Statham) is a vet with severe PTSD. He lives as a street urchin and knows the nun Cristina (Agata Buzek) from the soup kitchen. After getting beat up pretty bad, he stumbles upon some "luck." He cleans up his act and gets a job at a Chinese kitchen, where the owner discovers Joey can hurt people (never mind the two broken ribs he is nursing). Joey becomes their muscle. His character is a confused mess of being altruistic, vigilante, and bad man.He feels he must avenge the death of another street urchin, although her character and their relationship had about zero development. The action scenes are quick while there are long scenes of him having conversation with a nun, which seriously is not Statham's long suit. If you want to just watch the beat 'em up Statham, you can fast forward through 95% of the film.I am not sure why Statham decided to take on such a complex character, he doesn't pull it off too well.  3 stars is a stretch.Parental Guide: F-bomb, brief aural sex and nude pictures of men.
If you like adult swim you'll like this, it's not for me and I didn't find it funny, but I'm sure many people will.
Having scenes of sex or nakedness might draw some people to watch but I need not to feel bore watching actors performing their characters lives, that one of the reasons I don't watch HBO's Girls. It has its moment of having a few laughs but still everything seem sort of dry and didn't make me feel like if Amazon pick it up they''ll get better, I'm pretty much done after this pilot but hey I might change my if future clips of the show peek my interest of giving it another chance.
I loved season 1 and was looking forward to season 2.  Something is missing and hopefully someone will do something about it.
"A wise man once said if there's a fork in the road take it." This is amovie that deals with many different characters from different parts ofthe world from different social classes and how they deal with day today problems from doing anything to earn money to getting strandedwhile traveling. The cast in this, which includes: Rachel Weisz, JudeLaw, Anthony Hopkins and Ben Foster is great and honestly the cast isthe best part of the movie. I used to think that a great castautomatically means that it will be a great movie, but after the last 4or 5 movies I have seen based off the cast I am beginning to rethink myopinion. The acting is great in this and the story lines basically endup being tied together I guess but the movie is just so slow movingthat it makes it really hard to stay interested in. The movie is prettyOK but for me this is another example of a great cast in a sub-parmovie. Overall, very slow moving drama that is really only worth seeingbecause of the cast. I give it a C+.
It seems the producers of this may be big fans of the Paranormal Activity series. It starts off slow, doesn't have the movie's title or any credits in the start (or anywhere except the end), and it feels rather standardized.You're immediately introduced to the trio of parapsychologists- a tech expert, the secretary (I'm sorry... "gatekeeper"), and the head boss. And they're all in the age ranges and have the looks you would normally expect (with the exception of the tech expert having no glasses for someone who's good with computers).The place that's haunted also has some expected quirks, including the rather standard family- widowed father of a teen daughter and little son. And yes, the daughter hates her dad with a shocking passion while the little boy loves his dad with a passion.The strange happenings come upon rather slowly and, at first, mundanely. When they get revved up by a s&eacute;ance and a hippie-looking channeler, things really get crazy (at times, including a hurricane-force wind within a single room). But, frankly, though I hadn't seen this movie until last week, I do feel like it's too familiar. I feel like I've seen too many visual cousins of this film.There were a couple pretty good shock/jump moments that, though the slow timing/pacing hinted they were coming, still had a good jump factor in them.Then comes the story's twists. One dealing with the spirit of the mother (and why the father says a couple extremely crude things about her, even after his explanations, still leaves me blank in reasoning), and how the parapsychologists review the entire spectacle.Then the ending. After I listened to the whole opinion of the head parapsychologist, it took a bit of time for the last shot to have anything, so I knew there would be one last thing happening. Not only did it happen in a bizarre way, but, in relation to all the things discussed, it proved to be an ironic ending.All-in-all, I'm actually hoping they don't bother making a sequel.
It seemed like a long 22 minutes but there were some occasional laughs.  Some in the cast appear talented. The humor is alternately slap stick and adolescent.  Just who do they see as their audience going forward?  I suspect it may be pretty narrow with this type of humor.  I would suggest they go back to the drawing board and re-think this. A couple of times I thought the show had possibilities but it kept lapsing back into silliness.  In the long run, that won't cut it.
Yes, the show is underwhelming. It's MUCH more low budget than what I was expecting. Hardly ever see a flying car or really cool special effects, but the show isn't all bad.I think Dorian is interesting. It's cool to see new things he can do as the episodes continue. And he's funny. Rudy is a good character, and he's also funny. Karl Urban as Kennex is sometimes just tolerable, and very wooden. But, in other episodes his performance is decent, and he has some good lines.Sometimes the plots are pretty good. The show is never awesome, but that's alright. A few episodes have been quite good. However, I was hoping for a stronger plot thread that continued through each episode. It's disappointing that there is not a stronger, continuing plot thread. This show has the potential to be a lot better than it is.I do appreciate that there are still some programs on TV that don't have loads of sex and gore. That's one reason why I like this show at least somewhat. It's fairly tame by today's standards. And, it's always interesting enough to hold my attention. I'll keep watching.
I could only sit through ten minutes of this series. I am a big fan of BBC comedies, however, this not on the same scale as 'The Last Of The Summer Wine, As Time Goes By, or Keeping Up Appearances. This is a waste of money. Thanks!
4 to 4.5 (if that were possible) stars if they drop stop motion animation.This show reminded me a lot of the Star Wars Troopers fan movies (COPS parodies) as well as Spaceballs, and that's a great thing. I think that it's a concept with GREAT potential.However, there's NO WAY that a whole TV show can be produced in quality stop motion animation. It'll either have to be crappy stop motion animation, or they'll do us and themselves a favor by abandoning stop motion animation.The show's best bet would be to go with some type of computer animation. I would suggest avoiding 3-D animation, since that looks too unintentionally cartoonish, and too typical for something SciFi-ish. It could be awesome if they embraced a Southpark style cutout computer animation. That would provide some comedic dissonance for the SciFi theme, but still have the adult flare that the show seems to be striving for.
This was a good popcorn thriller. Nothing more.The acting was good, story line had some holes but what film that we love doesn't?I can confidently recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good adventure film but isn't looking too closely at the cosmetics.Should give it 4 stars but, meh, it will find its viewership.Worth it if you can find it under $10.
Falling Skies introduced new aliens, but hasn't capitalized on that like it should have.  The series is becoming formulaic and kind of boring.
Hi, it was great to get to watch these episodes (The Ark In Space) that I never saw before, especially on Prime.  But...most of the season's episodes are not available. If they had everything available including classics about the Daleks, Crinoids, etc. this series would be a home-run. Also, Tom Baker is my favorite childhood version of Dr. Who, which is another reason why I would love to see everything featuring him available on Amazon Instant Video.
In the height of Incognito/Martin fiacso and the emergence of Micheal Sam, this show has horrible timing. Lastly the lead character is downright insulting characterization of cheerleader turned owner. Tasteless humor does not need to come in abundance to be funny.
Decent cast, but it seems a little formulaic.  Actors playing roles in their comfort range.  Plot line was a little too predictable.
SPOILERS:An unusual mixture of genres, "Kill List" is a moody film about a hitman who takes on a series of assignments where each of those that he kills thanks him and tell him it was an honor. This, needless to say, is disquieting to our hitman who gradually realizes his assignment has some surreal turns to it."Kill List" is an ambitious, moody and, sometimes meandering, thriller that combines the genre with horror as it takes a left turn into territory of "The Wicker Man". "Kill List" isn't for everyone but it is a pretty powerful film from director Ben Wheatley who tends to take material that could be conventionally explored and give it a unique twist.END OF SPOILERS:I enjoyed "Kill List" but this moody thriller may not be for everyone as it's not a straight forward, easy to digest or explain mixture of thriller and horror film that crosses two genres quite effectively.The special features who purchase the blu-ray (as opposed to renting the title but I would suggest a rental first to see if this appeals to you) are commentary track by the director, a second commentary track featuring the two leads,and interviews with the cast and director discussing the making of the film.Unconventional to say the least, "Kill List" is a moody thriller that builds its tension. If you're looking for a more traditional Hollywood style thriller, "Kill List" is probably not for you but, if you're looking for a challenging, interesting thriller with an unconventional mixture of genres you might find yourself ready for the "Kill List".
This movie was ok.  Ending was lame.  I should have waited until it hit Netflix or something cheaper. Rent it if you want to feel confused.
This series is an old one.  It is interesting and wish the TV shows of today were more like it in that it doesn't take so long to tell a story.
I was so un-impressed with the preview I didn't even watch the pilot. Sorry but animation has been so over done the past few years that it just doesn't hold the same draw for me that it once did. Another miss in my book
I watched this episode because I wanted to see how everything played out between Sanchez and Rios.  It was for nothing because nothing really happened.  I much prefer this show to The Closer.  I never liked Brenda.  I always felt she put her job before her family and friends and wasn't even nice about it.  I never really liked her intensity.  I much prefer the more mellow vibe of Raydor.  The one  thing I had about Major Crimes is the Rusty character and story line.  Why can't this kid's story line play out and he move on already?  Other than that, it's good.
This tale is really sloooooooow in the first third and then it picks up some. Inspired by the accused murdered, Robert Durst.Gosling plays a wealthy man named Mark who marries a working class girl named Katie (played by Kirsten Dunst). Their marriage begins with promise but his unstable mood swings create friction to the point where we are left wondering did he murder her or not?Arguably too many flashbacks and back stories did damage to the tale.That said it had its moments in which some scenes were done well, especially when the Dunst character is trying to get certain information from her husband's office.The budget for this picture was $20M but it didn't even clear $1M at the Box Office. I'm not terribly surprised.STORY/PLOTTING/EDITING: C plus to B minus; CHARACTERS/DIALOGUE: C plus to B minus; SOUND/MUSIC: B minus to B; CINEMATOGRAPHY: B minus; OVERALL GRADE: B minus; WHEN WATCHED: December 2012 to January 2013 (streamed).
A series of images of several "vacation" islands narrated with superficial descriptions, more akin to a (poorly developed) commercial than an informative travelogue. A few locations are popular, several are remote and absurdly expensive. In conclusion, it is a series of "teasers" to entice the spectator to seek further info from other sources, if interested.
This is, as I said, a nice show. It has a few good twists but I really like what it doesn't have--no violence and no gratuitous sex.  After bingeing on Breaking Bad, I needed a smart show without the all-in commitment. This fits the bill.P.S. I'm now halfway into Season 2 and it's growing on me!
I watched this on Demand and it kept half my attention.  As the movie went on I felt like they had a basic idea but didn't flesh it out all the way.  OR MAYBE they edited out stuff?  The sad part is what seems like the funniest story line was the story line not fully developed, and from that I mean the stoners and the wraiths.  Calum Worthy played the stoner brother with a MTV attitude that sold pot to the wraiths.  Those were the funny scenes! I could have watched a full movie of that story line.
I wasn't aware that there was a hoarder show just for people who hoard animals, I thought that hoarders was the only such show. Since I was familiar with the Hoarders format, family reaches out to clinical psychologist, clean up is set and clinical psychologist helps the hoarder and their family through whatever issues come up during the clean up process, ending in either the family and the hoarder or the hoarder alone continuing going to therapy after the cleanup. Specific to animal hoarders, the use of local humane society or SPCA's were used to rescue the animals. For the episodes I found that there was slow play back which was annoying since it was evident that the content was loading but took somewhere between two to seven minutes to properly load. This issue occurred at least twice within one episode. Obviously there are similarities between Hoarders and Animal Hoarders, in how they respond to different life events in the form of &#34;collecting/accumulating&#34; either animals or what they deem &#34;valuable&#34; items.
And most of those opportunities were wasted.  The actors are good, but the writer(s) should have been getting shots in on both parties.  Instead it was all shallow hits to one side that was so over the top that it lost me 10 minutes in.  I watched the whole thing, but just because I was really needing to fill some time.
The dog puppet is not as cute as the other Jim Henson's puppets and the story was not original or captivating.  My 4 yr old loves the Pajanimals but lost interest less than 5 minutes into the pilot episode.  The graphic of the hand drawings is not great either and that could be another reason why she lost interest so quickly.  Would be better had at least half of the pilot is done with the puppet/animation (this comment also applies to all the children animation pilots).  Need some work on several aspects for this show to work for us.
As soon as the show started, I knew it wasn't going to go well.  The musical arrangements in the musical numbers lacks all originality and the lyrics aren't funny or interesting.  It seems that they decided rhyming was enough to make the songs work, but they aren't very good songs and I am not even sure they were trying to make them funny.  The rest of the writing is pretty similar -- while it's not atrocious, there's just no substance and nothing really works.  The premise is decent and the actors all seem capable, but I don't see how this show could work as a series; it's just not funny.  There might be a funny show somewhere in this premise, but the pilot doesn't even show enough promise to warrant a reworking of this material.
I didn't care for the cast or the direction the series seemed to be going. The wife and I didn't care to watch it, and we like shows like parenthood etc.
Mr Ellroy is as interesting a character as the killers he profiles. I could do without his narration and theatrics.  It is notable that, I believe even he, sees himself as a parallel personality to the subjects he writes about. There was no new information added to his material but if you have the time to waste, it is a good as any to pass a few hours.
I watched this because I have a deep interest in Roman history. I may have been spoiled because I had watched "Rome" before this one, and in comparison this production seems very . . . well, much less polished and well produced.I was not impressed by the acting or production. All together it seemed rather mediocre.
I just cannot get into this! I thought it would be as funny as the Simpsons and Family Guy but I just couldn't get into it.
I give two stars here only for the soundtrack and for Ciaran Hinds.As for the rest, it really isn't a ghost story.  It's a narrative mess, muddled and confusing, with the focus taken off of the main character and given to two others whose story is not interesting.Too bad it was so pointless.  It could have been much better.
said, &#34;Being the team GM is a privilege, not a right... You've got to earn their respect&#34;More stereotypical behavior. Stereotypical blacks, blonde women and mysongistic men. Come on writers.
I'm disappointed in this series.  Seth Aaron Henderson and Gretchen Jones and Christian Siriano are three of my favorite designers in the show's history.  But Seth DID NOT step up to the plate this season, nor did he really offer anything new.The show should have a running score average to determine the final winner.  It shouldn't be someone who did mediocre the whole season and then got in by the skin of his teeth end up winning.By the way, the talent and inspiration just wasn't there, however Elena was a huge surprise.  She really shined and her talent shows through.
The first session is fast pace in getting most of the characters introduced and a faint story line.  The setting is in the early 1917 or 1918.  However, the ease in which the various lifestyles are portrayed gives it a 21st century flare for &#8220;anything is alright as long as you agree with it.&#8221;  I know that it is just a story.  I personally prefer a good story line that makes one think beyond the scene, and is entertaining at the same time.  Bob's Girl
Tom (Elijah Wood) is married to movie star Emma (Kerry Bish&eacute;). They are the annoying type of people who walk around with a phone in their ear. In Florida it is almost legal to kill them. He &#34;choked&#34; the last time he played the piano...five years ago. He flies to Chicago (from London?) changes in a limo on the way to the concert hall, goes on stage with an orchestra he hasn't played or practiced with in five years and is afraid of choking. Seriously? I can't brush my teeth right after a good jet lag.Now as he starts to play, he gets the message that if he misses a note, he dies...or Emma dies. Neither one was likeable and this was the scenario I was hoping for. So after 20 minutes, I kept wondering, &#34;Is this going to be the whole movie?&#34; 40 minutes go by and this is still the freaking film. At 55 minutes we get a clue as to why this was going on. I really didn't care at this point, I just wanted to see Tom and Emma die a horrible death for talking on their cell phones all the time.How long is John Cusack on the screen? Don't ask.I don't understand the rave reviews. It doesn't keep you on the edge of your seat. A boring &#34;thriller.&#34;
I recognized the &#34;little sister from now and then instantly&#34; But I found myself watching her gap the entire time, At first I wasn't sure if it was a gap or something stuck in her teeth. It was oddly predictable/ yet very surprising at the same time. It was very real biased on today's times, and very depressing in the same token. It will be a hit or miss, no middle ground. Unless at some point someone gains a bit of witty reprieve I can't see myself sitting down to watch. Ever.
Not very interesting
Once again frontline takes a topic, that's been handled in 60 different ways and tries to convince you that they're doing something unique heroine is bad you will get addicted to it very easily and ruin your life. So now frontline tries to insert stories of collateral damage from Mr. brownstone my heart goes out to that girl and her family but couldn't you say using her stories entertainment is somewhat depressing I would not recommend this documentary for someone withdrawling from opium or any opium derivatives it will only make you feel worse and you don't need that at this juncture after two with three of these documentaries you've seen them all respectfully Johnny Irish
When she is informed by her husband of thirteen years that he is leaving her for another woman, Louise does what every self-respecting woman in her position would do: she conks him over the head, duct-tapes him to a chair, and threatens to hold him prisoner till he comes to his senses. Thus, for an hour-and-a-half, we're forced to watch as two self-indulgent crybabies - one a cheat, the other a raving psychotic - thrash out the details of their relationship in a tone so grating and mean-spirited that before long we're ready to send in our own hostage-negotiating team just to bring an end to all of our suffering.Despite the presence of Meg Ryan, Tim Hutton, Kristen Bell and Justin Long in key roles, "Serious Moonlight," directed by Cheryl Hines and written by the late Adrienne Shelly (both of "Waitress" fame), is a hopelessly contrived, endlessly off-putting dark romantic comedy (a la "The War of the Roses," albeit without the courage of that film's ending) that, I guess, is supposed to be every cheated-on spouse's idea of the perfect wish-fulfillment revenge fantasy (even if the fantasy winds up going awry in the end). But the claustrophobic setting, the sadistic tone, and the sheer unpleasantness of it all make it an excruciating experience to sit through. At one point, Hutton seems to be speaking for the audience when he states, "It's like torture." That's about as astute an example of built-in self-criticism as I've ever come across in a movie.
Don't care for it but see how many people could like it.  Just not into this type of show.they just don't do anything and keep the stereotype going of the people not striving for anything.
I know that I haven't seen Kristin Stewart in awhile, it would be better not to see her at all than to see her in such a dismal waste of time as this movie. This movie is unbelievably and unbearably bad. Even dirtier to see Ryan Gosling stoop so low , could they have needed money  that badly?
Cropsey (Joshua Zeman and Barbara Brancaccio, 2009)Cropsey is on the surface about a particular urban legend that surrounds an abandoned mental institution in Staten Island, New York, but Zeman continuously hints in the narration that the movie is really about the creation and life cycle of urban legends in general. Had we ever actually gotten that movie, I think Cropsey would have been a much more satisfying thing than it is, though the story they cover--the real-life alleged serial killer Andre Rand who lies at the heart of the Cropsey urban legend--is interesting enough to carry the movie.Plot: co-directors Zeman and Brancaccio, both of whom grew up on Staten Island, had childhoods saturated in the urban legend of Cropsey, a shadowy, semi-legendary figure who supposedly lived in the bowels of the abandoned Willowbrook State School, a horrific mental institution that was the subject of an expose by Geraldo Rivera early in his career. Cropsey, it is said, was responsible for the disappearances of a number of area children over the years. The reality of the situation, at least as the State of New York would have us believe, is that Cropsey was actually Andre Rand, not a former patient there, but a former orderly. It has been proven that Rand did, in fact, live on the grounds of the former Willowbrook for a number of years in makeshift camps. Allegedly, he was also responsible for five of the disappearances attributed to Cropsey that took place between 1972 and 1987. The film, once it starts to focus on Rand, takes us through his arraignment and trial for the kidnapping of Holly Ann Hughes, who disappeared in 1981.For what it is, it's not bad. But what it is and what it purports to be are two different things, and that kept nagging at me as I watched the movie. If you're more interested in true-crime documentaries, then this should be right up your alley--but if you buy into Zeman's assertions that this movie is a lot more meta than it really is, then you'll probably end up feeling as disappointed as I was. Still, it's worth watching for the more mundane angle. ***
I bet this is the kind of show actors thumb-wrestle their agents to get into: a chance to play a different role in every episode.  Subtle writing, lurking secrets, and explosive action make even jaded viewers like me hang on.  I only wish the performances were on par with the background.  Then this merely good show could be great.Deep beneath Los Angeles, a shadowy organization uses advanced tech to reprogram human beings into whatever they need to be.  Working at once to evade the law and to get immensely rich, the Dollhouse promises the moon to anybody who can afford to pay.  What they can't promise is that they can control the implications.Series principal Eliza Dushku is an odd choice on which to hang an action drama.  The role was created for her, and it plays to her strengths, letting her be essentially vacant as the camera longingly admires her body and her fighting chops.  The show operates at its peak when the camera turns its gaze on the other actors.And what a supporting cast.  Harry Lennix, Olivia Williams, and Tamoh Penikett lead an ensemble through the kind of paces that must make Equity lawyers see dollar signs, from action to romance to comedy and back.  They are capable of so much, but the camera so loves Dushku that they get far too little face time.The story benefits from Joss Whedon's distinctive humor and eye for an off-kilter story.  But not every actor is up to Whedon's particular demands.  Fran Krantz in particular wants to overplay the humor, and winds up mugging for the camera, while Miracle Laurie, so good in the dramatic and romantic scenes, sucks laughter away like a comedy Hoover.Moreover, the show's political implication, that technology's force panders to human weakness, is good but overplayed.  At various points, different characters state the series thesis explicitly, apparently because the creators think we're too thick to put the pieces together.  Considering how subtle the story is, the moral should be equally restrained.This show will likely be remembered as one of TV's great "Almost-Was" moments.  Like Whedon's other lost classic, Firefly, people will talk about it in wishful tones, mourning all the missed potential.  I enjoy the show's smart intensity, but it should be so much better than it ultimately proves to be.
This movie has so much promise but didn't deliver. Started out good and held my interest. However, by the end of the movie I expected more. This plot could have developed so much better.
My kids (10 & 14) picked this pilot to watch with me. The cover picture looked interesting....sadly that's where it ends. The kids got bored & didn't stick around to watch the rest of the pilot. I think it's too "wordy". I almost wanted to ffwd to see what happens next. I got bored too. Not sure if this pilot is going to be animated or not, but I think it would flop if it was animated. Keep it real :) It has potential to be successful, because both boys AND girls can relate. I think the alien is the star of the show (and will get the most laughs). They should change the name. I mean "Anne" is kinda dull. I can't see kids (especially boys),bragging at school about "ANNEbots". Maybe something more cool sounding, or alien related would be a better title. Something more catchy than "ANNE".  blah. The show needs more goofy humor & less wordy nerdy dialogue. The science experiments can be cool & interesting (and safe to do at home), but it needs to move at a quicker pace. Lose the name ANNE, edit the wordy lines, pick up the pace & make the alien the star. Combine the science WITH adventure. Think on the lines of Sandlot Kids & Little Rascals.  Has the potential to be a hit....but needs more work.
I have been a big fan of this show and couldn't wait for the final season to come out on DVD.  I wonder if they had different writers for the final season, because most of the episodes seemed to be a typical formula show like most show on TV these days.  I especially hated the way the series ended and I am glad that it ended when it did, because I think a sixth season would have been a disaster!
They need to wrap this series up this season. Acting is awful.
That's about it.  He is engaging, but the rest of it is actually a dull slog despite the storyline, violence, and other characters.  Too bad.  I am sure the book was better; I read it some time ago, since I always read King's work.
It is not the same without  -A and the pretty girls. I got bored with episode one. Should I give it more of a chance?
Nine Things about the Movie &#8220;Bad Milo&#8221; [USA, 2013]1. Netflix recommended this movie to me. It&#8217;s proof that they need to improve their suggestion algorithms.2. This movie is terrible. I even watched it drunk, and it didn&#8217;t help.3. The movie begins with a guy named Duncan. His doctor tells him, &#34;You've got a thing in your butt&#34;. He needs to find a way to keep his stress down, to keep the &#8220;thing&#8221; from growing bigger.4. Actually, Duncan has a monster in his butt. When he gets too stressed, the monster pops out of his butt and kills whatever is stressing Duncan out. Or whatever else it finds.5. Duncan teams up with a crackpot psychologist, who tells him the &#8220;myth of the anus&#8221;, and recommends that Duncan bond with the butt monster, which he names Milo. If Duncan kills Milo, Duncan will turn into a zombie.6. I think the movie is trying to be a metaphor for fatherhood, but it&#8217;s an epic fail. The plot makes no sense. The characters are random and full of stupid humor. The movie spends way too much time in bathrooms, and has too many pointless close-ups on Duncan&#8217;s demon-filled ass.7. The movie is obviously trying to become a &#8220;cult classic&#8221;. But the filmmakers don&#8217;t realize that you can&#8217;t try to attain that status. It happens naturally. Otherwise, it&#8217;s a pathetic waste of time - like this movie.8. I actually feel sorry for the actors. I don&#8217;t know what they could have been thinking when they agreed to make this movie. They need to keep this movie off their resumes.9. This movie fails on all fronts. It&#8217;s a comedy that isn&#8217;t funny, a monster movie that isn&#8217;t interesting, and a cult film that isn&#8217;t edgy. It&#8217;s boring and stupid and juvenile.
never seen this before ordering it and it was very dumb,i wouldnt recommend it to anybody because its very stupid.
Watched it thinking it would possibly get better, but, alas a dashed hope not realized!  Editing and more work on the dialogue, script, and acting might have helped, I don't know???  But it seemed to have potential.  A limited budget no doubt!  Perhaps more money would have given it an edge???
The first 5 seasons of Primeval was good but this New World lacks something.  I could not contact with the new characters and it just did not stand up to the previous seasons of excitement and mystery. please what the previous seasons they are really good.
Although I've always liked Timmothy Hutton's acting abilities, I'd have to say in this series, his character is flat.  In the whole first season, it seems like the actors aren't really that interested in playing their parts to the full extent of their talents.  As a drunk, Tim Hutton seems to drag the show down because he is the leader of the group and impacts all the characters, so perhaps he is playing his role perfectly?!?Maybe next season, the characters will show more life.  Although I can't recommend that you spend your money on "Leverage," I recommend renting it first (or watching some of it on the Amazon Movie program if it is available), and then deciding if you'd like to buy Season 2.
Really like the series but um.... WTH is going on?.....The gross, sexist, goofy, stupid-face guy from &#34;The Office&#34; as US Marshall? The fat comedic-actor from &#34;Mad TV&#34; & the weirdo comedic-actor from &#34;The Kids In the Hall&#34; as gangsters? CANADIAN gangsters!? Is this a joke?..... Is Ashton gonna jump out from being the camera? WHY is Steve & Wood Harris in this!? I am SICK of seeing Steve & Wood Harris ugly faces, they should&#8217;ve been left in the 90&#8217;s where they belong (all they ever play is THUG roles anyway). I actually got excited when I saw David Rapaport (He&#8217;s a great actor. He can be gansta, dramatic, or comedic so I was game for whatever he was going to do *lol*) then I was soon disappointed when I saw that he was playing a greasy hillbilly gator-poacher. He could barely hold on to that fake southern-accent *lol* the &#8220;New York&#8221; slipped outta him on several occasions. What&#8217;s the deal with casting the ugliest skanky-looking women to bang Rayland *lol* but yet the estranged-wife (who is beautiful) wants nothing else to do with him. What talent-less casting director (who apparently got their job by sleeping with the producer) is responsible for all of this?It is also apparent that the writers are now lazy p0t-heads, because the script is truly failing in this season. The character Rayland Givens gets entirely too much camera time. He needs his role cut WAY down to about 12% (or zero). At this point I don't even want to hear from the Rayland character anymore.......... and STOP bringing that smart (but dumb as heck) teen Loretta back to the show. She's boring and annoying. You sent her off to a foster home,now leave her there. You all have gone totally over board with the bloody murder scenes. I enjoy action & gore (I love gangster movies) but you all seem to keep adding characters just so you can have 4 to 5 bloody murder/attempted-murder scenes during each episode. I mean, DAMN&#8230;We get it!&#8230;.It&#8217;s a cop/gangster series but does someone need their brains blown out and splattered all over the faces of everyone in the vicinity during EVERY other scene!?Also....For someone who is stiff as a board, walks like a senior citizen with arthritis, and is ALWAYS recovering from a hangover&#8230;.Rayland Givens sure is nimble when it comes to subduing up to 7 bad guys with weapons. You write his character as if he is invincible. How hard would it be for paid assassins to kill someone who comes home and passes out DRUNK every night in their filthy seedy poorly secured motel room? Realistically, a cop like that (who is an absolute d!@%& that does the things that he&#8217;s done) would've been murdered a LONG time ago. He also would've been FIRED or demoted to traffic cop a long time ago too.Boyd Crowder (as always) is carrying the HELL out of this show I pretty much tune in to see his and Ava's drama. Unfortunately their camera time has been drastically reduced. It&#8217;s only the first two episodes of the season and I fast-forwarded through most of it to get to the good parts. Dammit!&#8230;.. I feel like I made a mistake by paying for a season pass rather than just waiting to watch it for free like the other ones.&#8230;&#8230;Hey FX/Justified Producers: GET YOUR @!%& TOGETHER!
I liked it, I hated it. Now Repeat 20 times. That's this show you'll like it and hate it sometimes at the same time. I think Amazon wasted alot of money in these shows.
Man, things were going great for the most violent prime time TV show ever (less the killing of Curtis - one of those moments where clearly the writers simply wants to shock the audience or need to get rid of the actor for some reason). Things went downhill (in my humble opinion)after the Fayed plot was solved. By "downhill" I don't mean disater, because a show of this magnitude, where each episode has so many differnt scenarios, shot on locatiosns cenes, special effects, etc, rarely is mediocre. You get the feel that the everyone involved is giving their best.What I mean by downhil is the above mentioned people (cast, producers, technical guys, writers) giving their best for a flawed premise. The Chinese / Russian plot was so farfetched, so forced, so  unplausible. After all, the advantage of obtaining some secret technologie about your enemy is useful since he does not know that you possess his defense technology! Also, to see Audrey Raines appears only briefly and as a "zombie" was a bad call.Well, that's it. Anyway, I think the show still did not jump the shark, but this will happen soon.
I like the concept but the show is filled with totally unlikable characters. The humor is all based on uncomfortably weird characters... there can definitely be quirky, likable characters in a show but these aren't them. I understand this is supposed to be a comedy for "mature" audiences but there are plenty of mature individuals who get tired of F-bomb laced dialogue.
"Crime in this city has become an embarrasement."  After getting off a train in "Hope Town", the Hobo (Hauer) thinks he has found a new start.  What he found is a city bathed in crime and trash the likes of which the world has never seen.  After finally hitting his breaking point he decides to clean up the town, with a shotgun.  The next movie in the "Grindhouse" series.  If you have seen the others or are familiar with the old style "Grindhouse" movies you will know what to expect.  If you are are unaware of what this is you will be shocked beyond repair.  This is not a movie for everyone, if you are at all queasy or easily offended then you should avoid this movie at all costs.  For those that know what this type of movie is you still may be shocked.  A lot of the way you feel about movies has to do with your expectations going in.  If you have low expectations even a bad movie can seem good.  That is what this was to me.  After watching "Machete" my theory was that this will suck.  This is by no means an Oscar type movie, or even a good movie for that matter, but it was much better then I expected.  Like the other "Grindhouse" movies this one is very, very over the top in terms of gore and violence.  The one thing this had that the other three didn't is that this one tried to be more serious.  While there is definate cheese in this, it didn't try to be something it's not.  Overall, the only thing I can really say about this is that this movie is exactaly what you would expect from a movie called "Hobo with a shotgun".  I give it a C.Would I watch again? - I don't think I will*Also try - Machete & Death Proof
Worth watching once. It's Scifi after all. If real astronauts made all the simple mistakes these characters did, we never would have gone beyond the Mercury Projects.I will say the action begins rather quickly, but it's a bit predictable. If you like Scifi specifically, I'm going to say see it at least once.
This could be on HBO, why because HBO is an upon supporter to the democrat party. This is nothing more than a non stop hit piece on republicans and a cursory review of the reviews for this show will reveal who this show caters to.
None of it is Amazons fault, just a real bad movie. Had a good story line they could have done so much more.
David Tennant seems to be sleepwalking through the role, and while it's one thing to be gallant and devil may care it's another to be completely devoid of any emotion and convey absolutely no sense that one's life may be in danger. Alan Furst, the author, writes meticulously researched and detailed novels, focusing on Europe during WWII, and has a wide fan base. Personally I find his books overly detailed, his writing wooden and the immense array of poorly developed characters that come and go non-compelling. Overall I found this production lifeless, but if you like the books, give this series a go--perhaps you will enjoy it.
This may be a good show for an audience other than me. I just do not enjoy these multiple character personality interaction shows about family members.
"Arbitrage" has enough tension and intrigue to carry you through even its rather draggy middle portions. It's a pretty decent corporate thriller that convincingly shows the inner workings of a big New York investment firm. It has its share of surprises and skillfully makes use of subtle details (ex: the license plate photos). Nevertheless, it lacks the climactic punch it seems to promise. When the credits started rolling, I thought "Huh? That's IT?!"It's not Gere's finest performance: his character's a bit wooden at times. Still, though I don't generally like billionaire CEO types who cheat on their wives, the storyline and script made me care what happened to him even though a big part of me didn't particularly want to care. Some really fine acting by most of the supporting cast, particularly Susan Sarandon and the various guys who play Miller (Gere)'s corporate cronies and rivals.
Plot abstract - brothers grow up with bad luck always looking for them; almost every imaginable thing that can go wrong does. But, they still have each other's back and their storytelling.From an acting, filming and creative storytelling pov it's a four or five but a couple of things moved it down the charts for me.First, no subtitles and for a film which is storytelling dependent that is a no-no. Not only difficult for any hard of hearing, etc. but the enunciations and unique dialogue were difficult to follow anyway.Second, the pacing and over redundancy of the main theme made watching really slooow. Perhaps intended to embellish the cold desolate mood which the director also provided with other filming techniques but it turned out to be too much. Like having the same meal repeatedly, it loses it's taste eventually.
This was the only pilot I couldn't finish. It was bad on several accounts. Here's a short list -1. It's a musical. I love good musicals, but I hate bad ones. This is a bad one. The songs aren't catchy and they don't add anything to the story. We don't need another "Glee."2. The idea is boring. A show revolving around an internship could be promising. But when the internship only involves searching the web, it's not doing anything for me. It's SO dull.3. The characters fall into cliche stereotypes and I just don't end up giving a damn about any of them.Nothing about this catches my attention. I'm passing on this one.
Wondering where this private-eye series is headed...seems like a 'lite' version of so many other procedurals...entertaining at times, but not to be taken seriously.  That said, similar series are very popular and last years...we'll see.
I like the Daily Show and Colbert, but don't want yet another show that just makes fun of republicans the whole time.  Especially when they're just fictional republicans who can be made to say and do whatever ridiculous and despicable things the writers want (I feel like that's cheating).
Witches of East End is a Promising series that could take off by building suspense  for the protagonist  in discovering the life of witches.
I understand the existential concept of this movie. That's not the problem with it. The problem is simple, while concepually it has merit, the whole thing is so slow and boring that it was next to impossible to sit through. The film appears to have been made by people who were sleeping through it, from the mystery woman, who was stupid enough to leave her motel room door wide open while she was showering...a cruddy motel too no less to the Greek chorus watching the tire villain. The film plods along like an 18 wheeler goin through the gears. I'll never watch it again and that's for sure. It was a waste of 1.5 hours of my life.
I thought this might be amusing, but I found it a bit ridculous. As with many shows - with the exception of a few masterpieces ( breaking bad, true detective, even hannibal) most of what is out there is so cliche and predictable. This show is all of those things AND the acting is pretty bad and it's boring.
Thes guys do fabulous work, on old and nearly scrap pieces, to like new.Almost as good as new, depending on what the customer wants or would like it yo be.Sadly, you see little of the actual restoration, and more of the interaction with the gang or crew.However it is fun to watch, and that is why we watch these characters.
Scripts are not mature, we've all seen it before, predictable.  Actors are not coexistant, in other words, not cast properly.  It's a show good enough for 25 year olds who never watched complex plots like Law and Order.
he's OK. His humor consists mainly of varying between a Vietnamese accent and a smooth articulate presentation of ironic situations.
I love sci-fi/suspense but I felt this story and dialog was more geared for a 12 year old than adults. It is as if the screen writer(s) tried their best to sprinkle in curse words as often as possible.The character line-up was text-book from most any other end-of-the-word drama that has come before. Not one original or realistic character in the bunch. It is like politically correct Hollywood. They made sure the show included racial tension, bigots, alternate lifestyles, mom, rich, poor, successful, drunk, violent mix like all shows like this do.As many shows seem to do these days, they make the cops out as weak idiots. I'm no police officer but I could not accept/believe in the cop characters in this story. The writers should have spent some time in the field getting to know the jobs of each character before they attempt to write a screen play with them. At lease the show &#34;Leverage&#34; makes fun of cops in a campy and fun manner.***spoiler*** I'm sure the scene where a woman, during a dangerous apocalypses, decides to unwind by taking a nude swim in front of total strangers and then talk to the violent drunk stalker about the biblical book of revelation before jumping out is considered believable by most viewers but I could not help but laugh.Overall this show felt like &#34;Lost 2.0&#34; but was more predictable.
The premise of this program is simplistic and the writers don't do much with it.  A bunch of cops are given a few fragmentary, confusing clues about a crime, or something, in advance, and they have to figure out what the clues mean and stop the bad thing from happening.  Only instead of getting these clues from a medium or a psychic of some kind, these images get downloaded mysteriously from outer space.  The writer's don't do much of anything interesting with this idea.The characters are also poorly developed. The dialogue is mediocre at best. Bad British writers love to have their characters yell and scream and browbeat and insult each other and behave like incredibly annoying jerks.  There is a fair amount of that in this series.I had high hopes initially and looked forward to watching the episodes I bought. But after wading through four episodes, I am not at all surprised that the series was canceled after only 5 episodes. I would have canceled it myself.
More of a drama than a Sci-Fi series but it's entertaining. Acting is credible but plot development is a little sketchy.
I don't know why this movie was made. If you are expecting some funny Robin Williams bits, FORGET IT. The movie deals with teen suicide. The victim is Robin's son. Robin is a father with zero parenting skills. While the son is a suicide victim, when you see how obnoxious he is, you would hope he becomes a murder victim. What a terrible waste of film. Don't bother watching this one.
I seriously do not mean to offend anybody who enjoys this cartoon, or anybody responsible for its production. That is the last sort of thing that I would intend to do. I grew up watching SpongeBob SquarePants cartoons, and I was so familiar with the few episodes that were around back at that time that I was able to follow along with the dialogue contained within them. These episodes can still be quite funny, but they are lacking in the charm that helped to achieve spectacular fame for the series and a remarkable fan base. This is not the SpongeBob I remember. Buy the earliest seasons. SpongeBob SquarePants just isn't as loveable as it used to be.
"The Mutant Chronicles" plays like a bad SyFy movie original film. In the 28th century the world is ruled by four corporate entities and nations no longer exist. When two warring factions face off and accidently destroy the seal that keeps The Machine a device that "creates" mutant soldiers that feel no pain and only live to attack and kill, these mutant soldiers start overrunning the Earth forcing people to flee the planet. Brother Samuel (Ron Perlman)recruits war veterans Major "Mitch" Hunter (Thomas Jane)along with a team of other veterans to delivery a explosive device to the heart of The Machine. The only problem is that Hunter and his team must find the key that activates the ancient bomb which is located somewhere within The Machine itself.A low budget for a movie wouldn't matter if it were inspired unfortunately "The Mutant Chronicles" written by Philip Eisner and directed by Simon Hunter, the script and direction are amateurish at best. While the cast is fairly solid it's pretty clear to me that John Malkovich took his brief role in the film for the money (as I suspect everyone did along with the idea of shooting almost an entire movie without real sets). It seems like everyone here had good intentions but they were undermined by a poorly written script, direction that focuses on the look and feel of the movie but not the performances or even assembling capable action sequences.Perhaps the element of camp and the stilted dialogue was intentional or this is meant to be a corny backstep to a 1950's style of filmmaking. If that's the case, you might enjoy it. I didn't.The image quality pretty good.I'd suggest renting before buying to see if this appeals to you.
I think the movie could of been a lot better but at times it was funny. Dont expect great things in this movie and u will like it with that mindset.
This show started out with a great premise.. travel in time to save the world but doing so will change the future so you can never go home. Cool tech, gadgets and great paradoxes. This season the pace has slowed to a crawl. story lines are convoluted and muddled. The entire pace and rhythm is off. I loved this show at the outset but it has become dry and hard to watch. So sad to see such a promising show circling the drain this way. Give it a watch if you are already invested otherwise leave it alone.
The acting was great, but it couldn't make up for the plot holes, writing pit-falls and lazy plot devices. The actors deserve kudos. The writers and producers, not so much. The lack of direction and scope showed through the fabric in this season. It was painful to watch and I was glad it was over.I do, however, recommend the first 3 seasons.
This was honestly the WORST pilot of them all. I watched it twice because the first time I zoned out, but yeah it sucked the second time around too. The pilot is lame: the characters ALL annoying, the concept weak, and the singing a big FAT joke! It's GLEE meets Friends set in the work place, but fingernails across a blackboard irritating on every level, without any enduring qualities. What an utter waste of Bebe Neuwirth's amazing talents. There's no potential here, smh.
The show could be interesting, I simply don't like the games CBS is playing with releasing the shows to instant video so I'm taking it off my watch list.
This movie is entertaining enough I suppose, but there's no redemption in the end.  Everything is about making deals, winning, money, and power.  Anything that gets in the way of this is just collateral damage. There isn't a single character in this movie who ends up redeeming themselves, or does the right thing, and the death of a young woman gets lost in all of this, and becomes inconsequential, and nearly forgotten.  She was just another bump in the road, another transgression to be swept under the rug.  Life goes on just as before...  I suspect this movie gives us a good glimpse into the world of the American elite, their way of thinking, and the kinds of things that take place every day in their distorted worlds.
Very explicit and disturbing to watch.the acting was good ,but I would not watch the rest of the series. Topic is child killing and a suspect very disturbed.
The episode barely kept my attention and I was not left with a feeling of wanting to see more.  It won't be my first choice if I'm looking for something to watch.
We really do need more shows about stupid white people because we really don't have enough.  I mean there in only 'The Real World&#34;, &#34;Jersey Shore&#34;, half the shows on the history channel.  I guess this is special though, it has hill billies in it.
You probably won't laugh out loud, but you may chuckle throughout the movie. Surprisingly, the misadventures of our protagonist are setup in a halfway plausible way....yes, all of her problems could have been short circuited by calling a friend to come pick her up, but she's right....who remembers phone numbers these days, with all of our friends on speed dial? A lost cell phone can be crippling. Banks is likable in the role and I tend to admire a beautiful woman who doesn't mind making herself look silly.
I had hopes that this would veer toward a romantic comedy/drama reminiscent of Moonlighting. It didn't.  While the promise of future romantic drama is there, the dialogue and plot were tired. I don't want to tune in weekly to follow the angst of yet another parent trying to do the right thing in their oh-so-complicated life. This one was a miss with me.
Watched it for FREE on Netflix. I usually look for a show there before I buy on Amazon. Netflix NEVER has all seasons of ANY show & never current episodes. Amazon does, however, have ALL episodes of every series they sell the day after they air  on TV. Well anyway.... I watched season 1 there,if it were any good I would have bought season 2 on Amazon but this show was NOT good. I gave it 2-Stars because it DID keep me from being bored to death while I was working. So 2-Satrs is me being &#34;nice&#34;.Too much in this series annoyed me. Like how useless law enforcement was. So many idiotic mistakes & unrealistic behavior. Several FBI agents were kidnapped. How does this happen? One of them KNEW something was up (right before they snatched him up) and didn't respond the way someone with FBI TRAINING should have. He just scurried on up to his hotel room like a scared civilian frantically trying to open his hotel room door. I said &#34;They're gonna be in his room. Watch!&#34;, then *BAM* soon as he walks in the cult members are in his room waiting. Too predictable. The &#34;bad guys&#34; kept getting away! Even in situations where there's no way in hell they should have. In a hostage situation, since WHEN does FBI, SWAT, Local law enforcement leave (or pretend to leave) when the bad guys demand them to do so? How do 3 guys take out 3 dozen FBI agents with ease? Why do the &#34;bad guys&#34; ALWAYS get away by sneaking out the back door when the house/building is supposedly surrounded by cops? Even with a police officer RIGHT THERE in the hallway outside of Clair's bedroom (while her door was open) a FAT cult member slowly drops out of the ceiling (like Spider Man) kills the cop with out making a peep then takes her hostage..... Really!?Joe Carrol & Clair's son, was a smart-DUMB kid. One minute the kids does something extremely clever, the next minute he does something extremely dumb (even for a kid).The main thing that irked me is..... No one behaved as if an infinite number of anonymous serial-killer-cult-members were running around killing random innocent people,blowing up stuff, kidnapping kids/women, and kidnapping & torturing FBI. No one was taking this seriously enough for me. Like when Ryan & Claire were held up at his FBI friend's cabin. Soon as they found that a GPS tracking device was planted on Claire (by a cult member) they should have LEFT IMMEDIATELY. Instead they stay and plan on leaving in the next day (WTF!?) in the meantime Ryan's friend finds ONE shot gun and a half-empty box of shells. Mind you, they know that they're being hunted by select cult members with extreme military/C.I.A training (and military grade fire power) that just murdered 3 dozen FBI agents an hour ago. Of course, soon as night falls here comes the bad guys AGAIN.The one victim that survived being attacked by Joe Carrol (forgot her name) didn't act like someone who just found out the serial killer that almost stabbed her to death just broke out of prison. This girl (and her friends) acted like she just lost her cat/dog and was a little bummed out over it. If that were me...After the attack, I would've already had an arsenal in my home. After being notified Joe Carrol escaped, I wouldn't take a piss without a 9mm (loaded with hollow-points) sitting on the vanity. I would've purchased two highly trained German Shepard dogs, that would've slept in bedroom every night. I also would've spent the last 7 yrs doing some type of NavySeals/C.I.A/JasonBorne combat training, and at the riffle range 5 days a week. This is the type of behavior you'd expect from someone that had gone through such a tragic ordeal.Police protection or &#34;Protective Custody&#34; is a JOKE in every low budget movie/series. Am I supposed to be surprised that the 50 cops outside & inside of the victim's home wasn't going to stop the &#34;bad guys&#34; from getting to them? Hasn't this scenario been done to death in movies?DISCLAIMER: Being that Amazon &#34;comments section&#34; is becoming too much like YouTube comments due to ignorant people with no lives, I have to make this disclaimer. F_ _ _ YOU in advance to anyone that feels the need to criticize my review, as well other peoples review. I turned the &#34;notification&#34; feature off because I couldn't careless about anyone's feedback. So your stupid commentary WILL fall on deaf ears. So STFU in advance also. Have a good one : )
I checked it out since I'm a big fan of the Big Bang Theory but I guess I'm not nerdish enough for this one. I guess I'll have to pass if it actually ever comes to TV.
I am a fan of Sister Wives and it seems like this family is too (at least Brady is) and have been watching them & practicing what to say on camera once they got their own show. I'm not sure if this was all Bradys idea & the wives are forced to go along with it (which seems the case with most things) or if they all just really were hoping that TLC would pay for some huge mansions like the Browns got (hence the push to move somewhere else from the first episode)?ALL of the wives seem so afraid to "make waves" that they are very obviously repressing almost all emotion especially in the presence of each other & their "master". Paulie looks like its affecting her the worst, the only time she really had a REAL smile seemed to be when they were drinking, the rest of the time when she does rarely smile they just seemed forced and sad. She may be forced to talk about the good side of her family life, but her anger and depression is written all over her face at all times.It really strikes a nerve with me EVERY time that Brady talks about what a "beautiful thing" polygamy is, of course its beautiful for you douche bag, you've got 5 different women taking care of ALL of your children FOR you and "behaving themselves" so that they wont be passed over to be the next one to beg at your feet for scraps of your limited attention. Of course YOU are happy, all your needs are being met while they all suffer in lonely depression. It seems like he has all these wives and children so that he has every excuse not to be personally responsible for any of them "oh i'm sooooo busy but going to school for philosophy sounds like a good thing to waste some more time on"....seriously?! What an egotistical jerk! He cant even begin to open his eyes to see how much all of these women he says he "loves" are SUFFERING! Wake up dirt bag, while your talking about how "beautiful" everything is, they are talking about how hard it really is, their obviously painful jealousy, and trying desperately to get your attention ANY way they can think of it (adoption, pregnancy, weight issues, empty nest, holiday party, etc). For someone with so many women in his life, he doesn't seem to get them or want to understand them at all, or maybe he just doesn't want to face the fact that he is the single biggest source of pain in all of these womens hearts (oh sorry I mean ache, blah). Watching him time after time put the needs of his wives last & joking about things that make them all so uncomfortable is just horrible.Like the show is so aptly named "MY five wives", meaning its all about HIM and living his fantasy dream life. Why does HE get to be the one who decides if and where they will all move?! He acts like its a vote, but you can tell its not, like most everything else, its whatever will make HIM happiest. Why do a couple wives get to have the amount of children they want but the others have to beg and cry for their fair share? Were those other wives better "behaved" so they got what they wanted? Why does one get to adopt while another has to beg for a baby of her own? Why does one wife get called "beautiful" every day but the others have to beg for complements (especially the poor absolutely gorgeous full figured one)? If each of the adults have to cook dinner one day a week, why doesn't HE?! And how horrible of him to show up in the MIDDLE of his kids karate event (and the wife & child both seem soooo greatful for that 15min)what kind of father is that?! And why on earth are they all called "aunt so & so" to the children, they aren't aunts, they are MOTHERS of all of your children and should be given the name & respect that comes with it! Why is chatting it up with the guys at work so much more important than even remembering to show up to meet your wife for something YOU asked her to do for you?! How dare you take that woman for granted! Get a darn organizer or planner if its that hard for you to remember everything!I feel so sorry for the kids brought up in this environment, no wonder so many of them want to leave and cant wait to go live a normal life. Why would they want to live polygamy after growing up watching their moms suffer like this?! This show is just painful to watch. Yes, the Browns have their issues too but they don't seem afraid to confront them head on & together without obvious scripting. And yes Kody is an egotistical douche bag too, but at least he really does seem to TRY to be a better husband and father and at least he hasn't completely broken the spirit of 5 beautiful women. I will continue to watch only because I will be hoping with every fiber of my being that these women start to stand up for themselves & stop being such depressing lap dogs! Your so much better than that ladies!
This series is awful. If you like looking at very faint dots of refracted light taken in photo, or Blankets that were obviously tied to a string in a manner to move them then you might like it. Everyone claims to see a ghost, but their footage is so poor that a ton of other explanations could account for what is presented. Like Bigfoot and UFO's... When real concrete, scientific and fully documented proof is discovered then all this is just non-sense.
the story is messed up!! if you like gory death and messed up characters then you might enjoy it, i dont
The movie had a great cast and many independent movies do but this was kind of hard to follow.  You just kept wait for the plot to take you somewhere and it really never came.  I gave three stars because of the cast but the plot I would give one.
Although I am certain that some people will not like "ATM," I actually found it to be a relatively enjoyable little thriller.  As a B-movie guilty pleasure, this slight film benefits from having modest ambitions.  Thus, with its limited scope, I think it works satisfactorily as a pleasing and entertaining diversion.  You want a big complicated plot?  You need interesting back story?  You want character motivation?  Don't bother with any of that!  "ATM" plays out as a simple, but extravagant, nightmare.  Three young professionals visit an ATM booth in the middle of the night only to have that seemingly mundane decision irrevocably change their lives.  A menacing figure watches them from afar.  And as they contemplate what to do, his murderous intentions become quite clear.  Who is he?  Why has he targeted this trio?  Again, the plot that holds "ATM" together is sketchy at best.  You'll get the most enjoyment by not thinking about it, not analyzing the logic, just experiencing it.  Normally, I might not have thrown aside intellectual reservations but I found the cast appealing and reasonably resourceful so, in this instance, I was willing to go along for the ride.It helps immeasurably that the movie casts Brian Geraghty, Josh Peck, and Alice Eve in the principle roles.  All are exceedingly likable, their chemistry is palpable, and their discourse is amusing.  We meet the trio at an office Christmas party.  Geraghty is secretly crushing on Eve and his chance to score some alone time with her is compromised when he has to give his intrusive friend (Peck) a ride home as well.  They are soon on the road, bantering playfully.  A last minute decision to score some cash (who doesn't love late night eats?) begins a hellish descent into surviving at all costs.  To make the situation particularly delightful, they park (for the sake of plot convenience) a spectacular distance from the booth.  It's so silly, you have to laugh along!  Later on a security guard will do the same thing!  But once confined in the booth, the film generates a fair amount of suspense as they try to figure out what to do.  And the performances are committed and believable.As I said, "ATM" doesn't attempt anything too complex and that's why it works as well as it does.  I'd have preferred that the danger be a random madman, but as in movies of this type--he seems to be a skillful genius.  But I did think the movie was fun and I really think that is all it was aspiring to be.  About 3 1/2 stars.  This gritty little picture won't win any awards, but it passes a tense 90 minutes.  KGHarris, 7/12.
Really cheesy with really bad acting. Reminded me of one those terrible B- movies that play late night on cable Tv.
Not the worst movie, But it is very slow and boring. Lena Headey is a great actress, too bad the movie was boring and slow.  You figure out the movie way to early. OK video and audio.
It's different enough than most shows out there and thus worth watching. I would give this one another shot for sure to see where it goes if they brought it back but not sure how long it could last with the current story line.
my daughter did not find this show worth watching a second time so we didn't that's all folks no no
I found it so boring from the very start that I didn't even watch it all. Total waste of time.
It's OK. I wouldn't watch on a regular basis. Storyline of slackers becoming heros because they are the right/wrong place at the right/wrong time. Jokes seemed stale and storyline did not click with me and being new and orginial. I won't watch on a regular basis.
The characters and the stories are all over the places, new characters do not bring anything to the show.Jonas end up stealing a christian relic in the name of Uncle Sam.Does not feel like season 1.Good suspense though.And the season end with a season 5 in mind which never happen.
This is a really bad &#34;adaptation&#34; or ruination of Mansfield Park by Jane Austen. It's the worst version out there to date. But the actor playing Edmund is just my type, so I watched it and enjoyed it. The actress playing Fanny is about as far away from the character of Fanny Price as one could get. And she never combs her hair, preferring that &#34;come hither&#34; tousled look, even at her coming out ball. In 1806? Not.
Ghost Hunters consistently delivers good, solid shows about paranormal investigations.  When I watch them though I'm constantly reminded of people watching a golf tournament - no one gets excited, no one yells, no one talks above a whisper.  That said though - its consistently entertaining.I don't think the loss of Grant has affected the quality of the interactions or the show.  But, this season just doesn't seem like everyone is that into the ghost hunt.
The movie consists of four "found footage" stories that are shown in a "Creep Show" fashion. The stories are not connected, other than the fact they are being watched by the same people, a pair of private investigators. The films include ghosts, aliens, cultist, and my favorite a "zombie cam." This is the first time I can think of where we get a zombie eye view of attacking humans.The stories were fair and sometimes crude. There were also times when the footage deviated from the true found footage CAM as we witness the person with the camera. The DVD has two versions which I found confusing. One is the "rated version" and the other was the "unrated theatrical version." For some reason I believe versions released to the theater are rated...by law while those not released do nor require a rating.The production is fun low brow horror entertainment. I did find the "eye cam" to reach a new low in irritating jerky motion. If you saw the first film, expect much of the same and a "VHS 3".Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex, male nudity, nudity (Mindy Robinson, Hannah Hughes)
This episode is too depressing. 1 officer being assualted, ok possible. 2 officers goes directly to depressing. Sorry, un-beliveable and it takes drama and turns it into just a depressing episode. They should have written this better. This ruins drama by being too un-realistic.
Terrible.Seems like it might have promise but then they bust out an "impromptu" song that is terrible.Also, if you're going to reference social media (@modernvaljean) it helps if someone has actually created some content for that account.
This is just a filler episode. Its interesting at times, but merely a filler. Nothing amazing or revolutionary here. The only interesting thing is the development of Amy and Rory and the question of two Amy's, but even there, its a very secondary storyline. And unless they manage to tie this episode in somehow with the other episodes, it becomes pointless and possibly even absurd when considered in the bigger picture of the entire season. The doctor is going to die, we're in the second half of the season, and instead of figuring things out about the doctor's death, they go sightseeing. "Sightseeing" episodes are much better at the beginning of the season. Either that, or they must be very interesting, like "Midnight" in season 4. Part of the reason could be the person who wrote this episode: Tom MacRae wrote this episode, and unlike the two episodes he wrote way back in Season 2 ("Rise of the Cybermen" and "The Age of Steel"), it is simply not that good. The question of two Amy's brings back memories of "Father's Day" in episode 1 and the problem of having the same person meet at different points in their timeline. Of course, this brings up some interesting questions involving the Reapers who are supposed to appear when someone changes their own timeline. Does Amy's helping of her past self warrant a big enough time disturbance to bring in the Reapers? When you consider that when Rose touches the younger version of herself, causing the Reapers to gain more power, it would seem that the problem with space-time should have been much bigger. It is still worth watching, if only for the Rory-Amy aspect, but it definitely won't be the most remembered episode of this season, unless it is for its possible inconsistencies with past episodes.
Sorry, I couldn't get pass the first 5mins when the bad 'french' actress was trying to practice her audition---just horrible. Sorry, but I have to be hooked the first 5mins---like I was with 'BreakingBad', 'Dexter', 'House of Cards'------you can't start with mediocrity.....most people don't have time to sit through pretense.  For this kind of genre; I'd rather stick to watching the old school original stuff like the X-Files---much more interesting.....
The first episode of any new series has the unstated obligation, both to its audience and for the sake of its own survival, to grab us viewers by the throat -- and never let go.If lackluster Episode 1 of AWAKE -- and that's all I've watched thus far -- is any indication of what's on the horizon, then expect to see this poorly directed series aborted before the completion of its first term.What I found most irritating was the unsubtle (unconvincing!) transition between the two alleged realities. They just seemed to pop up out of nowhere, adding to the already confused plot.After the first 40 minutes -- AND HERE COMES A POSSIBLE SPOILER, FOLKS, SO BEWARE! -- I had an uneasy sense of foreboding (so did two other friends watching this) that it was our hapless protagonist himself who had actually died (not his beloved wife or son) and who now was destined to wander around LOST (like that other series) in an alternate realty between this world and the next...or at least until "The Redeeming Light of Truth" -- hopefully not another contrived deus ex machina --  might set his hitherto unenlightened soul free.
This story is a made up one. However there is no doubt that fierce female warriors existed back then. Boudica almost drove the romans out of britain but was defeated , barely defeated that is!  The acting is good here but really this movie is a chase movie in which a group of legionaires try to escape the picts. WHo later became the scots after mixing with the irish scotti people.  The violence is very bloody and realistic but the loss of the legion which here only has three thousand men is far less that the six thousand a legion usually had.  So you get what you get here and good looking chase movie. I didn't like the ending though , because I don't know of any returning soldiers betrayed regardless of losses. That part was not right but the fact remains that this is a decent action flick in many regards. the budget was not that big as  you really don't have that many sets in this feature. But to be fair they did a good job with the pictish village. This is not a terrible movie , it's not great but it's good enough. Historically even 'gladiator' is all wrong, although commodus was one of romes worst emporers he reigned for twelve years! not twelve months. And people love that movie, including me, I wish the filmworld could get it more right in many regards but this is good enough for a watch and you will root for the Romans. yes, they are the heroes in this movie in spite of the fact that they are out for conquest.  And to be fair , once rome was in charge things weren't always totally bad. (years after the initial conquest that is).  So this movie politically upset alot of people! I don't care; if I was alive back then. I would rather live in the roman empire than outside of it. The blu ray looks great here and only has one extra feature , a audio commentary. I would say if you want a nice little action flick this is a good one to watch.
Having worked in the animation industry as a composer for 30 years, and more recently as a writer of children's programing, here are my thoughts.The Show&#8217;s LookMy feeling is that the show may have been more visually accessible in 2D or 2 1/2 D of Flash. Audiences today are use to Dreamwork's quality CGI. In 2D, it may have had a warmer and looser feel. Without the detailed rigging necessary, the facial expressions and body motions were a bit stiff for me.The ConceptI&#8217;m concerned for younger audiences that the work necessary to make REAL achievements in life are short changed with the Wish&#8217;N&#8217;Poof concept. Young minds are not able to distinguish well between &#8220;real&#8221; reality and what is presented in children&#8217;s entertainment. Thus the lesson of hard work, and discipline is lost.Creating a false relationship with an on-screen character also has been a concern from Dr. Dimitri Christakis at Washington University where talking out the screen (the 4th wall) creates an unreal interaction with the onscreen characters. For example, Bianca, &#8220;Would you like to make a wish with me&#8221;. Young viewer &#8221;I can&#8217;t, I have to go potty first&#8221; Bianca &#8221;Great! less do it together&#8221;. Though a possible humorous exchange, questions should NOT be directed for a response. Here&#8217;s an example. Bianca as she looks out the screen to the audience &#8220;I&#8217;m gong to help him with a big wish&#8221;. It remains engaging but in not a &#8220;Dora the Explorer &#8220;Will you help me?&#8221; &#8211; then, a long beat and screen silence &#8220;Great&#8221;The CurriculumI&#8217;m not sure what it was &#8211; (SEL) Social Emotional Learning? This would be the brief segment were Bianca helps her friend to perform on stage.Additionally, I was concerned that, in this episode at least, it was all about achieving glamor and rockstar status. This culture has enough &#8220;Brittany Spears&#8221; and &#8220;Justin Biebers&#8221; to last us into the next century.Is it educationally appropriate or instructive to wish a horse to be still on her friend&#8217;s head? Wouldn&#8217;t understanding the forces of gravity be a better lesson?  The latest survey shows the United States in 37th in STEM (Math, Technology, Science and Engineering). Add to this that 25% of the U.S. population thinks the sun goes around the earth. Well&#8230; you get my point.Maybe Bianca and her &#8220;WishNpoof&#8221; will make her WANT do her homework or clean her room. And, I meant that seriously and not facetiously or in a snarky way. Some kind of proactive behavior kids can emulate and parents will love as well.The CharactersNo one has a strong POV. It seems like Bianca, her mother, and her friends goals are listless without strong motivations for what they want. Lastly the Teddy bear as a comic relief device is probably miscast. He looks like Ted from the movie. As a child&#8217;s plush toy, he&#8217;s a though-a-way rather than cute and lovable. His relationship to Bianca, in my view, should be sweet, loving and supportive like a puppy. In that context, he can still make comments on the action but it will not look as if it&#8217;s coming from and &#8220;outside&#8221; observer.The MusicNot clear in intention and searching for a theme.ConclusionI don&#8217;t think there is much substance here in the &#8220;Wish&#8217;N&#8217;Poof&#8221; concept. The thought of 13 to 26 episodes of Wishing and Poofing things into existence has to be limited in its scope.Understandably &#8220;Out of the Blue&#8220; has a strong track record with &#8220;Super Why&#8221;. But there, the underlying educational concept is a solid one &#8211; READING. What could be more fun than to change a story by putting a NEW word and saving the day for characters in distress in a book. Little heroes!Though cute however, and in many ways endearing, I believe Wish&#8217;N&#8217;Poof is adding to the culture of instant gratification. With a WISH and then a POOF, how will this show empower children&#8217;s lives?  What are the valuable life lessons?  I&#8217;m not sure?
Another "Chiller" release, this is yet (another) shining example of how turd movies are loosed upon the public through clever(?) advertising and trailers that really are better than the movie.Standard yarn about graduating teens going out for a last party.  One of them knows there's "something in the lake," yet he thinks no one will go swimming even though they've all brought their suits.  The "monster fish" in this grade-D bomb looks like something a local junior high school trade shop made.  It is unrealistic, non-scary, and just mainly boring.  The movie might have worked better had it not decided to constantly show this puppet-shop creation.If I could, I would rate this a half-star, but Amazon seems to get all feisty if you try that!  Don't waste your time.
lot of cook book / software generated screen play writing.  Cliches abound,like to see the mean side of Mr Perrin.
I don't think so. Kind of a wreckless show that portrays programmers as a bunch of aspie, half-wits whose success is all a gamble based on some dude backing the project. Nope. Not realistic at all. Truly successful projects mentioned in the show didn't need a huge amount of capital to get off the ground. I think its a sloppy concept.
"The Other Woman" (TOW) has its moments of inspired slapstickery and contains one of the most over-the-top, yet engaging performances by a grown woman in a comedy (Leslie Mann) I've yet seen.  Her controlled physical and emotional histrionics are hardly balanced by moments of resolve and clarity, yet we feel for her and her inability to come to a decision regarding her philandering husband.While not an incredibly well-written, plotted, or directed movie, TOW is nonetheless eminently watchable regardless of which sex you represent.  I didn't feel particularly put upon or slandered as a male primarily due to the fact that the triple-timing husband seemed to relish in his moral paucity.  The guy is pretty much a total creep.However, TOW is weighed down by the hugely exaggerated stereotypes of just about everyone save Ms. Mann's character.  (SPOILER ALERT) And the final climax wherein the cheating husband is confronted is silly, overblown, and straight out of the Three Stooges.  Subtlety is not this picture's forte'.And as for Ms. Upton.  As an actress she's a very good bathing suit model.
Thankful for closed captioning.  Single-handed is a police procedural set in Ireland.  If not for closed captioning, I wouldn't have understood 2/3 of the dialogue.  The stories were serious and dark, and the language was quite foul at times.  However, the stories were well written and well acted.  Not for children.
The alphas is ok about super power human beings it has a good storyline  if nothing else is on tv to watch this will fill in
I guess if you like suffering and in dept turmoil you might like this movie. I thought it was very simplistic and shallow. How others thought it was deep is beyond me. I might have missed something, but from what I saw it wasn't well scripted or thought out. More action and explicit explanations might have helped. I know these things happen it's just the movie wants to wallow in the morass of confusion instead of anything deeper.
I found it to be OK but maybe because I've seen other young people in NY shows.  I guess it sure is different and that might make it on a streaming platform like Amazon.  It's also a show that can be done cleaner I suppose with no need for nudity or curse words..  I would say that it would be an interesting choice if selected.
The songs are forced and not that good. Then to make up for it, the characters are too over the top.I would not watch this show if it was the pilot they chose to produce.
I only watched a couple of episodes...it just didn't catch my interest.Nothing bad or objectionable or horrible...just a little too staged, IMHO.
Stupid movie! But it was in good condition it did come by the date given. I would purchase from them again. It's not their fault the movie is lame. But customer service was AWESOME!
Season 4 was definitely a downgrade from previous seasons and if you juxtapose it to Season 1, the differences are stark.  The acting is fine: I have no qualms with the cast.  They have done the best with what they were given.  The problem is, they were not given very much to work with.  The writing this season was pretty bad.In most series, as time goes on the characterization goes from shallow to deep; from stereotype to individual.  Not in season 4.  Pete reverts to a caricature of himself, Artie loses it, there is NO WAY Claudia would ever get named Caretaker - she is too reckless and stupid.  The list goes on.  Plot holes, fall backs on deus ex machina, actions and reactions inconsistent with the rest of the seasons..... Too bad.  I truly liked the series.Lesson to SyFy:  When you find good writers, PAY THEM!
This movie was less SciFi and more Zombie on Mars.  Don't get me wrong I like zombie movies, but I had hoped for a sci-fi thriller contagion kind of thing.  This was extremely predictable.
This just didn't do it for me. I thought the jokes were lacking both lyrically and in dialogue. Actually I think in the first few seconds the lip syncing was just really not in sync at all which made suspension of disbelief almost impossible...
There were actors from the first season that suddenly were not there and actors that were replaced with other actors - Super confusing AND much worse than the first season.
The main problem with Apartment 143 is not the movie itself, but the fact we have been inundated with a host of hand held ghost stories that are "real" found footage with actors. The production by itself is decent, but given the fact we have seen it before will cause one to quickly get bored.Three ghost hunters investigate the bizarre events at the apartment of Alan White (Kai Lennox). Paul (Rick Gonzalez) is the technology guy and the one we have to blame for all the cameras. Ellen (Fiona Glascott) is the secretary and assistant but vastly prefers the title "gate keeper." The brains of the operation is Dr. Hezler (Michael O'Keefe). Alan has two children: Benjamin (Damian Roman) who is four and Caitlin (Gia Mantegna) who is at that difficult age. Caitlin has a very cold if not hateful relationship with her father, which immediately makes you think we are headed down the ghost/incest lane, something that has become too much of a substitution for good writing here of late.The mother Cindy has passed on. They believe she is the haunting spirit. Caitlin blames her father for her death.This production is subject to the same criticism of all found film productions. This one experiments with an idiotic head mounted camera that gives the film a "fish eye" view. The writing and acting were acceptable "B" grade fair. The scare factor was middle of the road. The main problem with this film is that we didn't get to feel for the characters. We got to know about them, but just didn't care.PARENTAL GUIDE: F-bomb, no sex or nudity.
What happened to the alien at the end?Lot's of confusion and unresolved stuff.It could have been cleared up and had a point, but nothing here really.The ratings above 1 seem to be mercy ratings by people who know the cast & crew.Sorry, but this has nothing to recommend it.
Makes you glad that you were not a patient!!!Otherwise probably true to the period ! Watch if you like the period
I should first mention that I do like some indie games, primarily "Journey", "Limbo", "Alien Hominid", and "Castle Crashers". Unfortunately, nobody who worked on any of those games is in this documentary.It was hard for me to find a person in this movie with whom I could empathize. The one guy who had redeeming qualities was the developer who was working on "Super Meat Boy", and he seemed to be genuinely grateful for the opportunity to pursue his life's passion of creating a game. He was the ONLY person in the movie who was happy at any time... the others were consumed by narcissism, intolerance, insecurity, delusions of paranoia, and delusions of grandeur. They were determined to project an image of being miserable, no matter what happened. At first, they claimed misery due to the lack of opportunities that were made available to their vision. Then, once they were given that (enormous) opportunity by Microsoft (for the Xbox platform), they proceeded to complain about how bad they had it, because the work required was difficult and time consuming (???). I'm dead serious; this is in the documentary- repeatedly.They would also go out of their way to bash the big guys (like Microsoft, who gave them their shot!) for lacking their artistic vision. They would level vehement criticism at the big guys for making games that were popular, and which other gamers like. This level of intolerance was incredibly offensive. Not only are they setting world records for hypocrisy, but they are promoting the ill-conceived concept that only those who like the SAME games they like are "correct". This is like claiming that there should be only one genre of film or book, or that there should only be one movie director and one book author in the world. The reason that there are different types of games is the same reason why there are different choices in books, movies, cars, clothing, etc... different people like different things! They fail to realize that if all games followed their own patterns and style, they would actually be mainstream, thereby embodying the very thing they claim to loathe.There is one particularly distressing sequence where the developer of "Fez" expresses his passionate desire to murder his former business partner (what's wrong with this guy?). Based on his intensity and repetition, it's hard to argue that he's just kidding, especially since they have opposing business interests at this point. He then goes on to scream at some poor convention employee (who has nothing to do with the problem at hand), because his game keeps crashing (because of a bug that he accidentally programmed into it, he admits). Again, I wouldn't have believed it, if it wasn't caught on tape.Most mind boggling of all, these guys go on to complain (profusely) when their games actually get published, make great sales, and receive glowing reviews. Again, I'm not making this up. They're completely determined to project an aura of misery and "tortured artist", no matter the opportunities and recognition they receive. Sure, they got great reviews, but "not for the right reasons", claims one developer. Again, people aren't robots, sir... everybody is going to interpret a piece of media in a completely unique, subjective manner. To suggest that everybody should only be playing your game, and then perceive it an identical fashion, is so narcissistic, it simply beggars the mind. Another developer, who was whining for sales and exposure previously, proceeds to complain when his game sells thousands of copies on the first day, distressed that he has to "share" his game with others (the exact opportunity he was clamoring for, mind you). If it wasn't caught on film, I wouldn't have believed that these reactions could possibly be true.Technically speaking, the documentary is well filmed, though I'm not sure what the filmmaker was going for here. I would imagine he had no idea what he was walking into.
Way too cutesy and not very intelligent. Not believable. I guess I need some grit in my tv watching. Watch Alias instead.
I did not like this series quite as much as Doc Martin, but it will give a laugh or two.
While this pilot had a few good moments, it just didn't grab my interest.  I may not be the right audience as I tend to like a little more action...faster pace.  I also didn't get invested in any of the characters...care about them and the problems they face.  If only one pilot can make it, there are others up for review that I would prefer over this one.
Season 3 of this once great show continues the decline.  And instead of one story arc, it contains two distinct stories.In "Villains," there is a mass escape of villains from Level 5, a detention facility used by The Company to house evil people with superpowers.  Noah Bennett (Jack Coleman) gets to work trying to track them down.  He's surprised to see his new partner is Sylar (Zachary Quinto) who is trying to give up his murderous ways and get back on the straight and narrow.  Can they catch these bad men?  Will Sylar remain a hero?The second half of the season found our characters on the run.  "Fugitives" found now Senator Nathan Petrelli (Adrian Pasdar) heading a task force aimed at bringing all those with special powers in "for their own protection."  Of course, he's failed to mention his own unique powers.  Leading the charge against him is his own brother Peter (Milo Ventimiglia).  Will Nathan see the error of his ways before everyone is captured or killed?The problem with this season lay in the story telling.  When the show was actually good (back in season 1), the episodes spent time with the characters, letting us get to know them so we cared about what they were doing or why.  That really drew me in.  Here, we are forced plot points with cardboard characters.  Heck, I had a hard time keeping track of who was doing what to whom it changed so often.  And I just don't care about the characters the way I used to because there is no depth to them.Then there's the case of Sylar.  Don't get me wrong, I think Zachary Quinto is a great actor.  But the way they keep including that character in events is forced and makes me wonder if we'll ever actually go somewhere with the story.Yes, I am still intrigued to see where they are going next to keep watching, but just barely.  They seriously need to make some tough decisions about how to best move the story forward and then stick to it, or they will continue to lose their audience.
I didn't watch the earlier seasons but was able to catch up with what was happening in current season.  It is a good one to watch to kinda waste the day.  Actors do a good job with their characters and the story line is good if you are into syfy.
I was hooked after the first two or three shows. I watched this until seasons end, and waited anxiously to begin season two. What I found was the same story lines over and over. The same disappointments over and over, with the exact same characters.I was also tired of seeing the Christian characters played as WAYYYYY over the top, and the Pagan as wise, calm and all knowing. It got old fast! I watched a little of season three, finding the exact same story line AGAIN! UGH I just couldn't watch anymore.
Best part of it was the classical music.  Not a terribly likeable bunch of characters.  Granted it might get better, but I gave up after the first 10 minutes of it.
Well, I think this series would be great for mystery science theater review.  I like the campy quality of the series  but die hard scifi fans probably won't like it.  I would like to give a nod to a Downton Abbey star who plays a significant role in this series.  Can you pick out the actor?
Well, it's no 'House of Cards'---I think it's great amazon.com is branching out, but this show is soooo boring and unattractive...and full of old ugly men and stereotypes....Hello--'Doomberry' crawl out of your ivory towers, the American people have known for sometime that there is no two party system it's all one big oligarchy corporatist statist new world order. But sooo glad to be reminded of the paradigm; Republi-cate BAD, Demo-ican GOOD, soooo original---Thanks 'Doomberry', I forgot for a moment we are suppose to have a two party system, and most importantly that there was a difference-wow soooooo enlightening.....not. I'd rather watch the Dr RonPaul Channel or 'BreakingBad' or 'GoT' for the nineth time then this dated crap.  Anyway, Keep trying amazon, I think overall you have a better selection than Netflix; can't wait til GoT season 4 is available.
I was intrigued by the dramatization of the series at the movie theatre but this TV episode is just awful. I have had enough. Nothing further need be said!
If it wasn't for Spader alias Reddington, it wouldn't warrant the time to watch it.  After a few episodes the whole thing becomes very predictable.  As for Boone alias Agent Keen, it just proves that it takes more than just a pretty face to make a creditable actor.  Some of it may not be entirely her fault.  After all she does have a script to follow,  Perhaps her character development leaves something to be desired, but I find it difficult to accept that a &#34;rookie&#34; just out of boot camp (who majored in being a profiler, not a field agent) seems to shine over and above field agents with years more experience. Sure, Reddington says he will only deal with Keen but if this is the case, as a &#34;profiler&#34; she should then pass her findings on to the field agents in the team and let them do their job.  But I guess that would make the program even more boring than it is. It is obvious that she is Reddington's secret daughter and I guess once that is made public knowledge, there will be no reason for the show to continue.  I wonder how long they will try and &#34;keep the secret' to try and keep the show running.  However long that may be, I doubt very much that I will be watching any more.
2 stars because I still love the idea of the show. It's been my absolute favorite for 10 1/2 seasons. Now, I'm sure that Ellie Bishop's character is well liked by many, but the character/actress has screwed up the awesome dynamics that this show has always had. Kate had it, Ziva had it, Ellie does not. Now matter how quirky, smart, or whatever they try to make her, she doesn't fit with the group. The other actors, to be quite honest, don't even seem like they enjoy having her there. There is zero chemistry between her and anyone else on the team. They needed a stronger actress who could give us a character with some real depth instead of this constant "I'm better than you and everyone knows it" crap. Sorry, just upsetting to see a great show take a back seat. I have watched my last new episode of NCIS until they come up with a character who fits, or do what they did in the beginning of season 11 and rotate guest agents who add some humor. I'm going back to watch from the beginning.
The live action acting in this borders on dreadful.  I can't imagine what the producers and writers were thinking but this series alternates between very good voiceovers by Campbell Scott narrating a story that is fascinating, some minimal live action going on during his narration, and then scenes of dreadful writing and performances but actors playing the titans of Gilded Age America.  At least in some cases it appears they didn't even do their research.  The portrayal of Cornelius Vanderbilt for example presents a ruthless but genteel railroad man, and he was little of that.  He was apparently vulgar, badly spoken, virtually illiterate and had a passion for steam boats which is all but ignored in the depiction of his life.  His decision to go into the railroad business was a begrudging one he did after already having built a large fortune.Not only are the performances of the unknowns chosen to portray these larger than life characters pretty wooden, but almost worse than those are the interludes with today's supposed titans.  Commentary from the likes of Donald Trump, Mark Cuban, and Jack Welch is very disruptive to the flow of these programs and it is so banal and obvious in what it presents that one wonders if these men think they are talking to 2nd graders.I think the subject matter of these episodes is fascinating in that it does show how a few giants of industry were responsible for huge changes in the life and economy of the United States after the Civil War and into the 20th Century.  It is just disappointing that the structure of how it is presented wasn't better thought out.
It's a great and original start but it could have been better with the drama which it seems to lack a little bit of.
That's what this film is about, immaturity.  You have a guy who is basically still a child so he chooses his love like a teenager, he cannot look people in the eye and tell them what he really wants and he tries to run away from home like a little boy. That said the film does end with a nice resolution that perhaps points to emotional growth.  Its not the best film but its not the worse either.  I would recommend renting this before investing in owning a copy as I doubt its the kind of film anyone would want to see more than once.
I give up. This show started well, but is deteriorating into, a politically correct soap opera The sets are great and of course there is always John Malkovich, but it isn't enough.  In his episode, Blackbeard is revealed to be dying and he wants one of the women to take over the island; also there is a black slave girl who seems to want to buy the plantation on which she was raised, and from which she escaped Then there is the fact that Blackbeard  repeatedly sees the ghost of a woman he knew. And yet again, there is a wife who loves her gravely ill husband, but is lovers with the Hero Doctor. Yuck.
This is like a Reader's Digest version of several crimes in one short episode. They covered a half dozen or so in the first episode, so how much content could be there? It's just an overview, really. Not worth bothering with.
Stalked: Someone's Watching is a documentary "true crime" program produced by the Investigation Discovery network.  The first season, which premiered in 2011, features 6 episodes based on actual cases involving stalking.  The stories vary in scope and type, and although males are typically the perpetrators, stalkers of both genders are featured.Like other true crime programs, the episodes feature interviews with those involved, along with reenactments featuring actors.  The stories are usually concerned with strange, often obsessive behavior, and are somewhat interesting, as people can do some weird things.  Matters do not become extremely violent, but while it's available on Prime, those interested in true crime might want to see if this program has any appeal.
Meeting Evil follows John (Luke Wilson), a struggling family man, as he is taken on a vicious trip by a stranger, Richie (Samuel L. Jackson). The film packs a fast-paced story with a twisted ending, but has some flaws.The story was interesting and often brutal; but, the audience usually doesn't see the actions of Richie, which slightly takes away from the thrills and tension. Samuel L. Jackson plays the sinister villain perfectly, and Luke Wilson does a decent job. I liked the exchanges/conversations between John and Richie, and really enjoyed the ending. However, I couldn't exactly place my finger on it, but something made the film feel amateurish or "off the mark"; it may have been the mixed flow of the story, the editing may have been off, or maybe it was the music which I felt really didn't match the tone of the film. This thrilling ride John goes through in the film simply didn't affect me as much as it should've, it just wasn't an immersive film.Overall, I liked Meeting Evil; Samuel L. Jackson's performance and the great ending definitely redeem the film. As of 12/1/12, this film is available on Amazon Prime Instant Video and Netflix Streaming, I recommend streaming or renting before purchasing.Meeting Evil has strong blood and gore, no sex or nudity.
These people MUST be legally retarded! Kim, being pregnant and too stupid to realize it's healthy for her and the baby if she gains weight. WHO would NEED to be told that? And then, to see her waddle around in those sky high heels and wonder why her feet are so swollen. She is an IDIOT!!!! She went on Jay Leno and said how the baby hardly ever cries. Well, if the baby is as STUPID as her mother, she probably hadn't figured out HOW! I also don't understand Kim's fascination with the UGLIEST black men she can find. I know there are attractive black men, but, wow... she just can't manage to find them! Bruce Jenner must've left all his sense on the Olympic playing field back in the 70s, that'd be the only way he'd be able to stand this stable of chattering morons!!!
I've seen some really poor shows and this one is among the poorest ever. It is shallow, course, stereotypical and demeans women and athletes. I found nothing to like.. so can this and find something else .. oh, here's and idea. Make a prison comedy 30 minute tv sitcom  (NOT)..
Why, oh why, oh why, do writers go on holiday after two successful seasons. I just can't wait for next season where I suppose they will introduce the X Men along with Green Lantern.
I am a sucker that wasted my money by going with the cover picture (the statue ofLiberty pounded by flaming meteors ). Cool picture..could be a good film....NOTSad ...very Sad...  and you will be very sad if you waste any of your qualitytime for this piece of turd.Watched 5 minutes...fowarded the rest...then straight for the Garbage...No regrets on the money that i lost...I think this Studio....is worse that Asylum....can you believe that....im startingtoo.................
"You got me out of the darkness. You gathered me up from earth. You've brought me back to life." Neil (Affleck) is an American who is traveling in Paris when he meets Marina (Kurylenko) a divorced mother with a ten year old daughter. Striking up a fast romance they both move back to Oklahoma. Not long after the move the relationship begins to stale and when her Visa expires Marina and her daughter return to Paris. When she moves back Neil reconnects with an old friend and they begin to fall in love, until Neil hears troubling news about Marina. I'm not going to lie, the only reason I can write that summary is because I read it off of IMDb. I did watch the movie but I couldn't really understand what it was about, even after reading the summary I still wouldn't have guessed that was the plot. I also am not sure if the movie was told in present time or one long flashback. I did have a feeling this is what I was going to get going in though because this is a Terrence Malick film (his last one was Tree Of Life) and his movies are very different that everything else. There really isn't much I can say about this, mainly because I didn't understand what was going on. I can usually follow movies, but Malick's are much to smart for me. Overall, if you liked Tree Of Life or movies like that then you will like this one too. I just thought it was boring. I give it a C
I like action movies, etc. , how ever this attempt at launching another (Batman) falls real short of being believable.  I tried watching several episodes but could not get over the feeling of it being ridiculous.
The hyped-up description of this mess is empty and unfulfilled.  What is delivered is unexplained weirdness which you patiently sit through because you cannot believe there will be NOTHING delivered in the end.  If Ms. Johansson makes a couple more films like this, no one will again trust a film is good just because she is in it.
I am so tired of every show either having some sort of gay element or bashing on Christians. Are the writers just lazy or have they run out of ideas?I know that "shallowood" puts out a lot, and I mean a lot of trash, but this is really something.  Just in the title alone I do not know how women are not up in arms over it. Maybe it is a way to get people to watch the show. The free preview was enough to make me gag.I am up for giving a show a chance, but not this one.Update: Good for ABC. They canceled this garbage!!
The CGI is good, artistic, believable. But the costuming and make-up are a throw-back to 60s Star Trek. And the storylines! We've been there before... kind of a mix between Mad Max and the worst storied part of Walking Dead (you know, when the heroes were battling the tyrant of a walled city. Glad that sequence is behind us ). But Walking Dead is a great show. This one falls flat. I watched fifteen minutes of the first episode and already knew what was going to happen next -- so I shut it off. Are there no good writers with original scripts out there?
As someone who loves history I enjoy a lot of aspects of this show.  Its filled with historical tidbits and interesting locations.  During the episodes there are frequent references to ghost (people who have seen paranormal things are interviewed) and they talk about how the history of a place could create a ghostly disturbance - but it never really rises to a real &#34;ghost show.  And it really isn't a history show.  Being something indistinct and in between - the entire series is less than it could be.
I will start by saying I am a big Doctor Who fan, and don't buy many TV episodes of other series, but I always buy these.  And when Russell Davies stopped being part of the creative team some time ago, there was a noticeable decline in the charm/whimsy of the episodes but I still enjoyed most of the Rory/Amy storyline.  But the Rings of Akhaten wasn't just boring (which it was), the director really turned Matt's characterization of Dr. Who into an angst-ridden simpleton for this episode.  Clara's character is still interesting and dynamic, but Dr. Who has been left two-dimensional and out of character in many ways.  The story was simple, predictable and there was no real sympathy for any character other than probably some for Clara--but even then, it is only her stage presence that holds any real emotion.I didn't care much for the previous Bells episode either, but I gave it latitude in developing a new story-arc without two well-loved characters (Rory and Amy that is).  The same way I let go of Rose Tyler and Donna Noble and all of the Doctor's previous companions, I figured it will take a couple of episodes to integrate Clara (though she was fabulous in her earlier appearances before this current second part of Season 7).  But that does not account for the poor writing/directing and over-acting (I blame this on the director and not Matt) that this episode is full of.  Huge disappointment.  I only hope that they find their legs in a couple more episodes or I might decide I'm no longer a fan and stop buying them.  Honestly, I wish they'd get Russell back because his storylines with Moffett were the best (except of course the Doctor's Wife by Gaimon which was one of the best EVER!), but I'd settle for the better episodes of last season than whatever drivel this episode was.If this is your fist view of a Dr. Who episode, DON'T DO IT!  Go back to Rose Tyler to discover this wonderful series and hopefully this episode (and the previous one) is just a fluke of bad craftsmanship.  I've never before given a Doctor Who episode less than four stars and all of the Rose Tyler and Martha Jones seasons (and most of the ones after it) five stars!
The tapes are so lost they do not show them, instead they have actors re-create what might have happened. This show is total speculation and not very interesting but if your REALLY bored give it a look.
Nothing new here. Move along. Even my son-in-law who used to love this show is bored by it. Catch the damn thing and put these shows out of business.
Tim really is a jerk.  When you have someone as great as Clate, you find a way to keep him.  The project probably cost one million dollars.  And they ended up with $17,000.  That is a huge failure, they lost more than 98% of their money.  They totally tore up everything, like the hill they washed away and the jungle they made a road through.  And for what?  For less than a pound of gold?  The real gold is the TV royalties!  If you're going to contrive a show, at least do it well.
You just reminded me to cancel my instant video of this ridiculous show.  Sorry you couldn't find a better vehicle for Andre Braugher.
I have watched the first two episodes.So far, this is pretty unimpressive.I  am a big Fan of Billy  Campbell.I have seen most of his work over the past two decades.  I was really looking forward to this production. Campbell appears to be heavily medicated. He gives the most flat and mind numbingly boring performance of his career. Granted,  the script gives him little to nothing to work with.The first two episodes  meander all over the place. Ten minutes of modestly entertaining scenes ..... Padded out with 40 minutes of "filler" you won't remember tomorrow.I cannot recommend the first two episodes...
Martial arts superstar Tony Jaa returns with Ong Bak 2: The Beginning, a prequel of sorts to the film that helped him become such a world renowned star.  Jaa, who also serves as the film's co-director, manages to deliver some great martial arts action throughout his screentime in Ong Bak 2, but the end result just doesn't hold up to the first film at all.  There are some beautifully shot fight scenes and great fight choreography, but the film's story (or just plain lack there of) doesn't help, and there are just too many moments where things just end up plodding along, up until its abrupt ending (although it won't be long until Ong Bak 3 is on the way).  Perhaps this is due to the fact that Jaa abandoned the set and ventured into the woods for two months or so, bringing filming to a halt.  Whatever the reason, Ong Bak 2: The Beginning is nowhere near as good or as enjoyable as the first film, but for those looking for some jaw dropping action scenes, you can't really go wrong with what Tony Jaa ends up providing either.
started watching this and just didn't feel like finishing. What could have been an interesting storyline was very disjointed, jumping back and forth in time, pretty graphic sex scences that don't add anything to the story...
I couldn't get interested in this one.i usually like the stories that take place in old England,but not this one.
Typical formula murder mystery that falls shy of the intended goal. Matthew Rhys is surprisingly good as the bad guy, but police-trained people, or even amateurs, who watch the show will be more than disappointed.
What a disappointment! I was an avid Nova viewer 10 years ago so thought I'd give it a try. It has changed from a serious program for intellectually curious adults into a program for school-aged children. Even the narration has changed from a serious, deep, masculine voice to a metrosexual male with a non-threatening, elementary school teacher's speaking style.
Enjoy the dinosaur picture on the cover as this movie is really aboutanoying people wich will bring you to tears.There is absolutely no good value comming from this movie.The whole movie is seen through a camcorder viewfinder, the the camera girlis very very very annoying....It made me very very happy to throw the disk in the garbage...as i donthave any enemies bad enought that i would give them this DVD.
Slow getting started but it picked up.  Waitung for season 2 to become available for Prime members.  You will love it.
I never understood the intricacies of this strange religion but this documentary certainly filled-in some gaps.  No comment on the content, however I will admit that I am amazed that there are so many followers of a very peculiar man and his very unconventional philosophy.
The stop motion and animation is really beautiful but the story wasn't as intriguing or as compelling as some of the other shows up here. I was not drawn to a particular character and only the visuals kept me interested.
Maybe this show could've had a home on Cartoon Network or wherever stoners go to watch stupid things like this, but I don't think it's worth it to pursue this show, when there are much better shows in this lineup. Please don't pick this up for series, I'd rather not have to lose faith in humanity again.
To tell the truth this movie was pretty predictable and none of the characters were really very likable. The effects (mainly creature) were pretty lame and to be hones I didn't really expect much better than that. The movie did have one good point I will admit. If you're a psych major or even just interested in psychology then this movie is worth a look. This movie is an interesting picture of human behavior in a survival situation and not for the best! Other than academic interest I can't really recommend this movie, there are others out there that are much better so save your money.
Well, the word sabotage reminds me of the great Beastie Boys song,and it will still do since this is not movie that I am going to remember for a long time.It is not that Schwarzenegger is to difficult to understand with his heavy accent(yes he talks a lot in this movie) it is because this is supposed to be an action movieand it has less action than the trailer.Schwarzenegger has a great team of agents fighting drug lords, with great guns and greatattitudes. They try to rob some money on an operation, and then when you think thatthey are going to fight the whole of latin american cartels, the movie turns out to bea kind of mystery movie about the team's members dying one by one. Boring!!!So apart from some really cool looking guns and a reference (negative) to the Guatemalan Kaibiles special forces, there is nothing interesting in this movie.No, Arnold is not back, and despite the good cast it is not the movie you expect. Mireille Enosstands out a little since she plays the really really crazy lady, but we are used to thatfrom her acting in &#34;The Killing,&#34; where she is not so over the edge, but still she is weird.All in all it is a simple action movie, worth watching it if you like this kind of movies.But don't expect to much!
This show is pretty terrible but for some reason I watch ever single season. I guess its just a pretty entertaining guilty pleasure.
This wasn't my cup of tea.  I'm not into musicals, and I can't stand the real Arianna Huffington, let alone a fictional one.
The show had some pretty good spots of humor, but was really brought down by the music. I had no problem with the lyrics, but the actual compositions were really basic and cheesy. The dubbing was also a little obvious during the musical sequences. This has potential if they hire better composers.
This looked like an advertisement and not a movie or entertainment.  I simply could not watch all of it as it seemed a complete waste of time!
Stopped watching. Smacked of network TV. I like more of your push the envelope series rather than following same old patterns.
***Spoiler Warning***Very difficult to write a review at this stage and not trip over a spoiler or two. But I'll try very hard to limit them to a bare minimum.Surprised that Liev Schreiber took on this role. He's usually more selective about scripts and directors. And this film, while moderately decent, isn't up to his previous quality benchmark.Opens with the final hours of a cyclical six-month mission on Mars. The ISC Aurora 2 and its eight person team, while having done good work, is ready to go home. Their replacements are less than a day away.However, just prior to the window of opportunity closing on any potential new discoveries, one of the team's biologist insists that he be allowed to re-inspect a test site claiming it's damaged and doesn't want to leave it for the replacement team to repair. Despite the Martian darkness closing in, and nighttime travel being forbidden given the dangers of not being able to see the geography, the captain tells him to fix it and hurry back.It's the last time he'll see him alive.At least, alive as we understand the term.Very strong production values, particularly given the scope of the budget, with solid performances all around. The characters were developed and the story did not contain any noticeable plot holes, save one.Unfortunately and ultimately, this is a fairly routine tale. One that I've seen done previously by way of several episodes of  The New Outer Limits and Dr. Who, among other similar film productions. Not sure what the filmmakers could have done better to improve the cookie-cutter story. But in the back of my mind I would've appreciated the use of an atomic explosion. Liev's character, systems engineer Vincent Campbell, notes that the spaceship they use to return home is essentially a nuclear bomb. And I had hoped that was going to play a bigger role, so to speak, later in the film.Would've appreciated if Ruairi Robinson and Clive Dawson, the director and writer respectively, worked it out so that Vincent realized that he couldn't allow the Martian bacteria to get back to Earth, not ever, and plotted The Aurora right into ISC base camp. Or even better, directly at the original test site where the biologist found the lifeform.One could argue the ironic ignorance of such a move; attempting to destroy the very life we've been searching for all these years. But in the context of the film - and this was clearly meant to be movie entertainment as 'Last Days' was not a production exploring or analyzing the human condition, etc. - I would argue that it would've made for a helluva final&eacute;.Boom.An okay flick. And another library installation for zombie fans.Movie Note:- This was Director Ruairi Robinson's first major film production.Personal Notes:- Glad they didn't reincorporate "Blue Skies A 'Round The Corner" into the final scene. That would've been too creepy.- Loved the new "big" Universal Intro!- Surprised that this was a Bord Scann&aacute;n na h&Eacute;ireann funded film. My experience and observation has been they don't do SciFi. Good for them.
This season is a bit dark, but it is ongoing, which I always like. Just wish it was REALLY filmed in WY and not NM. These states need to have aggressive film boards! Love Katee Sackhoff. She is the best thing about the show.
You know what the bible says, right? The only way divination is possible is through the demons. You should not watch this show, nor should you believe in or follow what she says. The dead &#34;know nothing at all.&#34; They are without thoughts and feelings, for they are DEAD. Anything else anyone tells you is counter to what the Bible teaches and is propaganda originated by the devil. Look it up. It's true.
This is a rehash of the dreadful &#34;reality TV&#34; junk.  Just terrible.  Why any published author would participate in such a venture is difficult to conjure.
Mundane, pedestrian, intellectually insulting. These are all things that Elementary wishes it could rise to the level of. It is too clearly gimmicky to be effectively a gimmick. A disappointment on every level and an insult to any actual Holmes fans. This so far removed from the greatness of the BBC series Sherlock that I  don't think it deserves to inhabit the same universe. The rest of the world must watch elementary and think it was intended for mentally challenged pre-schoolers. If your IQ is below 95, this program no doubt keeps you guessing, but then so would Sesame Street. If you like watching Lucy Liu disprove that Asian women are ageless in appearance, tune in. If you want to be entertained, buy paint...watch it dry.
Huge disappointment.  A good pilot has a difficult but straightforward job; establish the characters, let us know what their goals are, set a weekly plot in motion.  Alpha House does none of this to any satisfactory degree.  I still don't know why on earth these guys need to live together.  John Goodman completely fails to register with his one note cornpone drawl.  And he looks bored.  He's better than this.What passes for satire is pitiful and obvious; this is sub-Entourage writing and execution (maybe that's what they are going for?).  Just awful.  I confess I actually watched this TWICE; I was so confused about how it could be so bad when it sounded so promising that I wondered if I missed something.  I didn't.  This is a lesson on how not to do a TV pilot.ONE good joke: dish of flag pins.
The story line could be great but is underdeveloped and then bad acting just ruins it.  By the way- the cafeteria at lunch time has more than 20 people in it.  Great actors coupled with Sherlock/encyclopedia brown type inventions by unique set of kids with diff skills would make a great show for a high school setting.
I understand the lifestyle of artists, and this film was endearing in its own unique way.  But I just didn't find it allthat interesting.  I vote for her being the talented one of the two.
The people who produced this had an opportunity to make an intelligent, adult satire/comedy. If this is the best they can do it's time they all made a career change. This is stuff class clowns come up with in high school.  I'm surprised this junk made it this far.
I watched about half the show and couldn't finish watching.  It had some good actors but it just wasn't very interesting.
No one could fault the production values. But this movie is confusing as hell. Character decisions, conversations and plot points appear incoherently, without enough explanation or exposition or motivation. It's often hard to tell where things are happening, where people are, why they're there, who they're talking about ... All a disjointed mess. Jet Li does a good job playing a confusing character, though.
I thought I'd really enjoy this, but hardly made it through the pilot - even after three tries.  The acting was horrible and the storyline, boring.  I barely made it through the pilot, and it took three tries.  Reading the stellar reviews, I wanted to like this series.  Boring and bad.
Nothing really happens, no new information.  Thought this could maybe be a little interesting but turned out to be essentially pointless.  Though it was humorous how they kept cutting to the guy playing his guitar, I laughed quite hard whenever they did that.  Boy is this guy a weirdo though.  I would definitely not recommend this to anyone.
I had a lot of trouble understanding what the kids were saying. It was like they said everything in fast forward. And the things they did were totally unrealistic. Maybe others will like this more than I do but to me it is kind of stupid.
They are brave people and have come a long way in the past 2 years. As long as they remain a family and remember what is truly important.
a 'LifeTime Movie' in spaaaaace.  Boring....and another thing women who are well educated in this competitive field are NOT that superficial and don't have Hally's fake nose, fake boobs, lipo and fake hair...sorry don't appreciate the stupid female stereotypes.
I'm a middle-aged woman and I can't say I actually enjoyed this show.  However, my husband and son really loved it.  It was interesting to see how they choose to live while being rich however.  The footage filmed in their kitchen almost made me sick to my stomach.  Not for the faint of heart.
I really loved this in Season 1, but found season 2 to be less enjoyable. The strength of her character made Dani fun to watch. I'm sure season 2 plots were meant to humanize her a bit and show she too, has weaknesses. I can appreciate it that, but I felt like they made her too weak and too much of her happiness was tied to the men in her life. It was a bit of a regression from the first season character. I'm still watching as of the 1st episode of season 3 so we'll see where it goes from here.
The photography and locations are wonderful but the actors are wasted in what is basically a very long ad for no product at all.  Lots of navel gazing and internal monologues regarding the breakdown of a couple.
After being blown away by the first few episodes in the 1st season, the show degrades into a soap opera between the characters, becoming obnoxious after a while -- a lot of negative sniping at each other.&#34;Gary&#34; the autistic savant is brilliant and the only character that makes the show worth watching at all.The plot ideas are pretty good but the writing or directing (can't tell which) drops the ball over and over again on what could have been a thrilling show and turns it into an emotion fest for the actors Too much emphasis on the characters' emotional conditions/relationships taking away from the exploitation of their fantastic abilities. It may be just the directing trying and failing to make something intense from weak writing. A characters' emotional break down is rarely as interesting as seeing them use their amazing talents.If you love watching characters with incredible abilities emote rather than seeing a story with them using their talents in unique situations, then you'll love this show.
This review is for Cosmic Journeys: Episode 101: Mysteries of a Dark Universe [HD](I have to tell you because Amazon lumps all reviews for all episodes together).It's like a video put together for 7th grade physical science with one crucial exception: a few extraordinarily good chunks of current information are tossed out occasionally. This is a weird program. The format, narrator and music motivate you to turn it off 90 seconds in. It was very difficult to endure the first half at which point the nuggets began to be thrown out.There are just enough gems of up-to-date information that it's worth watching. But most of the content is gag-me awful recitations of the history of astronomical discoveries and bore you to death remedial information.The narrator and music MUST be done over. Oh my goodness! The lethargic, not-to-bright sounding old man voice has to go! Yuck! And the music is so terrible it's difficult to imagine what the people responsible were thinking. It's like bad elevator music. Seriously. I thought that awful twangy guitar of the &#34;Tour the Planets&#34; series was bad. This one is worse.Fortunately, this program decided not to fill most of the time with geeky talking-head scientists. There was only one as far as I can remember. Unfortunately, they chose Michelle Thaller who is the most irritating and obnoxious talking-head and she shows up in just about every astronomical documentary made in recent years. Her high-pitched condescending inflection and geeky lame attempted humor do not contribute positively to the program.Note to all nature & science documentary producers: stop with the talking head geeks! And stop trying to make drama where it doesn't exist. Scientists are geeks. Don't want to see them talking. Don't want to see them arguing. And especially don't want to see them getting excited about images coming in from Mars landers.
This is way to sexually explicit for a young person to act.  I guess the world has changed so that this is normal behavior in some homes.  To bad.
okay show... i think the first season was better, but its still a great watch..no issues with playno issues with purchaseno issues at all!
When I heard about this concept of voting on pilots, I immediately sent an email out to all of my friends. Today I finally got around to watching alpha house, wow I could not believe how poorly written it is. Felt like a first draft not a fleshed out script. Had hoped for something more advanced and creative from this team. Amazon was correct on its approach. I hope that its equally as smart in how to invest its money. Alpha House "ain't it." Grade F
Nothing new or spectacular about this show. With cable TV uping it's game network TV has to be more creative in its storytelling, dialogue, plot and character development. The special effects are above average and some of the jokes are funny but none of it made me want to tune in week after week. It's far better than another new &#34;sci-fi&#34; offering &#34;The Tomorrow People&#34; sooooo if you are a sci-fi/superhero junkie and need to choose between the two &#34;Agents...&#34; is the better of the pair-and again that's not saying a lot.But I'm a tough cookie. I need to be surprised and challenged as a viewer-if that doesn't happen then I move on where others may stay. There's something to be said about staples and familiarity, McDonald's is still in business and going strong and I haven't eaten there in years. But there is nothing wrong about a good cheap hamburger from time to time-Agents is your Big Mac/Quarter Pounder with cheese of TV. Bon Appetit!
Actuallly didn't finish watching it. Was not engaging enough. Slow moving and the romantic appeal was not evident well into the movie.
This continues to develop the complexities of the first year. I felt at times the authors were extending plot and characters just to keep it going - kind of like a soap opera ... Almost stopped watching, but am pushing on out of curiosity - so I am still hooked.
Fun series that is far from realistic. This is fantasy law in practice. Yet still worth while just for the fun of it.
The first two seasons were great, this one was kind of boring,animation and acting was great, humor was good ,but not that interesting
Engrossing and spectacularly produced, to be enjoyed as entertainment, not history, as it contains many errors of fact. For instance, the writers throw in a couple of completely fabricated homosexual affairs, seemingly just for the hell of it. And a fabricated murder of a royal, married to the (historically) wrong princess. And some of the timelines are messed up. And the series starts with the murder of someone who wasn't murdered. And completely wrong on a suicide and someone going crazy.But, due to its contemporary feel, it succeeds in getting the viewer interested in this period of history, if nothing more than to check up on its accuracy.
Plot: woman is seen with her coworkers, family, and bf while creepy eery music is played. Everything kinda appears in black and white actually . . . although it may be the gray rainy London backdrop. Anyway, she sees a woman driving off that looks like her. She follows her. She has a car accident. More creepy eery music and people.Comments: This movie tries to heighten the suspense and horror aspect of it with cheap things like music and people showing up only to startle someone. But then the gore starts. Not much but some. You get to see a dead man. You get to see dead woman who has been suffocated with a plastic bag and bludgeoned to death. You get to see another woman in a shower brutally murdered by another woman ramming her fist down the first woman's throat and all this blood pouring everywhere. So there is gore and weird music. Pretty much sums this movie up. I think it is an art flick trying to be cute with a simple morale message. But I don't know. They didn't quiet achieve that. Maybe I am giving it too much credit . . . maybe it is just some stupid horror movie. Anyway it is a waste of 1.99 and your time.
I have to admit, I was curious about this show because I keep hearing so much about it.  It didn't seem like something I would like, but my husband and I decided to give it a shot.  We watched more than half of the first episode and finally had to turn it off and put ourselves out of our misery.  This show really is by, for, and about the lowest common denominator.  The producers are exploiting poor ignorant people, who in turn are exploiting their unremarkable and untalented little girl.  Do yourself a favor and watch something that makes you feel good about life and humanity.  This only made me feel disgusted as it showcases the worst in the human race.
"It's like she's invading my mind, even when I'm alone I can't escape her." Rebecca (Bolger) is ready for her new school year to start. After the death of her father she is grateful to get back to her friends. She is surprised when a new girl, Ernessa (Cole) shows up. What starts off as a new girl trying to make friends turns into something much more dangerous and Rebecca becomes suspicious of her when her friends turn up missing, or dead. I will start by saying that this movie is overall not that bad. I also once again have to say that I'm pretty sure I am not the audience this movie was made for. This is a horror movie about an all girls high school. Being a 30 year old man I couldn't relate. The movie did have an overused idea, but pulled it off in a way that made it feel interesting. There are some pretty creepy parts in this and Lily Cole is perfect in this role but I had a hard time getting into it. If you like movies like "The Roommate" you will probably like this one as well. Overall, not a bad movie at all. I was entertained but if I was a teen girl I probably would have liked it more. I give it a B-
Suspension of disbelief is a necessary element to enjoy any form of fiction, but this television show asks a bit too much.  The beautiful people travel from their glass and steel post-modern architecture museum (presented as the CDC) to exchange a few cleverly laconic lines with the suspiciously overly-suspicious scientists conducting what are obviously evil-minded experiments at an arctic facility the extravagance of which would make Dr. No blush.Many details of this program display a lack of research or, worse, indifference to real life and to science.  Not all sci-fi needs to be hard, by any means, but this show pushes the envelope a little too far.  We have internet, now.  Even screenwriters can fact-check basic things.Finally, there is the obvious love interest: a perfectly plausible, model-gorgous, mid-twenties super-scientist with 15 years of qualifications and experience, swooping in on our remarkably suave leader in obvious conflict with his ex-wife, who is also on the small team of scientists.  I can see where this is going.  I just don't want to sit through it.Overall, this is like watching a Saturday morning cartoon stirred with soap opera and garnished with live actors.  It makes me want a real drink.
This movie was really rather predictable. Even the ending, I had a sense of the last minutes of the film, in the first 10 minutes.Really interesting idea for a movie, but it was not executed very well. It is a little like SAW films, but less entertaining, and with a plot that is totally transparent.The acting was pretty poor, the characters where never developed, you never even find out the reason each character is there except the main one. It is almost a half finished film in that regard. It is very short, I can not help but wonder if they chopped off an hour or so of the film.While the camera work is not low budget. Everything else about the film is. A lot of opportunities for any kind of special effects are skipped with the camera cutting away, then the results seen.At the time of me writing this, the movie had 5 stars. Though the movie is not exactly 1 star, it is more like 2, I can not justify giving it two stars. Because someone might actually think it is worth renting. IT IS NOT.At best this is a Sci-fi channel movie. It is as bad as a B-Movie but with none of the charm, or quirks that really make those types of films enjoyable.Please do not rent this movie. But if you do, be prepared to write a review, so others do not make the same mistake. If proving me wrong is worth $6.99 by all means go for it. But there are much better ways to spend your money. This is not worth 6.99 to own let alone rent.
The storylines are still good. I like the premise of the show and the characters. I have enjoyed watching it.
A waste of time and $.  Don't fall for this one.  I didn't mind the waste of $1.99 as much as I resented the waste of time.  =(
this is the most idiotic thing ever to be recorded. Loads of fake drama by a bunch of fools that have no business being on TV. This is definitely for the lowest common denominator (2 year-olds). Where do they get these people. The most common phrase from this show is &#34;come on! come on!&#34; OOH the intensity of all.
Yes, the film&#8217;s premise seems controversial enough. Two childhood friends Roz (Robin Wright) and Lil (Naomi Watts), now middle-aged, start to have sexual affairs with each other's son Ian (Xavier Samuel) and Tom (James Frecheville). However, while some find the story of this Australian-French film very provocative, I find it pretty boring.In short, despite its unusual subject matter, the film itself is too tame. Based on a novella &#8220;The Grandmothers&#8221; by a Nobel Prize winner Doris Lessing, and adapted by Christopher Hampton, &#8220;Adore&#8221; (aka. &#8220;Two Mothers&#8221;), the film obviously wants to be taken seriously, even though most characters are shallow at best, and storytelling perfunctory.Directed by Anne Fontaine, &#8220;Adore&#8221; lacks insight into the characters&#8217; relationships, especially that of love between a (younger) man and (older) woman. Two young actors are decent, but still fail to live up to the level of Robin Wright and Naomi Watt, who are both excellent, providing a credible portrayal of the bond between two lifelong friends (that seems even stronger than anything else).In fact, those two talented players Robin Wright and Naomi Watt (and perhaps Australia&#8217;s beautiful sea) are the only reason that you should watch &#8220;Adore.&#8221; They are fascinating, but not the story.
Slow movie with predictable outcomes. This could have been a winner!!!???  but I found myself bored at times.... GOODLUCKDave
The dancing is enjoyable, though some of the choreography is questionable.  Having so many sexualized costumes and dance conceits is both unnecessary and inappropriate.But what is really awful is all the faked silly and petty drama.
Leverage is getting to be a gamble to watch.  This one is slow and boring and I'm sorry I spent money on it. I hope they figure out that when people are paying per show they at least need to hold the viewer's interest.
I liked the idea of this show best out of all of them.  We started watching and I didn't mind the rough draft it really helped me explain what a cartoon really is and how they are made from drawings. (or used to, I guess a lot more now are computer)The show was more about fun and imagination I get that, but it was so quick to go to her imaginary place that it didn't explain where she was going or even where she started.  Also, the scarecrow was too forgetful, the tin girl was cute but seemed really sad, and the lion was cowardly and it was sweet that they worked with him I think after watching a few episodes it may catch on a bit more but the first time watch was more about me watching.
If you are entertained by a scheming, self-centered, sex maniac, this is your series.  Not sure if this was over-done to sell the series or some sort of dramatically correct portal of the reality of the times.
This could be a great show.  It usually stumbles before the finish line.Tries too hard to be cute.  Tries too hard to be charming.  Takes itself too seriously.
I was a big fan of this show, but the 4th season is just more of the same it seems. The continuity in this show has always struggled. You always feel like you're missing something. I gave it 3 stars because it is still fun to watch but you'll hear over and over &#34;I'm so worried for your safety, this has gone on too long.&#34; They were saying that in the 1st season. It's old news. I wish they'd develop the plot better.
This flick is simply pathetic.  It tries to channel the raunch of "The Hangover" movies with the female angst of "Bridesmaids" and fails at every turn.  I have nothing against the girls engaging in the kind of horseplay usually reserved for the boys but here it just comes off as juvenile.  It would help if there were some characters you can root for.  This flick attains the unthinkable by making Kirsten Dunst unlikable.  And her character works with pediatric cancer patients!  The usually reliable Isla Fisher comes off not as a smart person playing a dumb character but just plain stupid.  I guess if you were to point to any positives there's kind of a sweet turn by Rebel Wilson as the pleasantly plump bride-to-be.  If you're looking for a girls night out type flick skip this one entirely.  My wife who is less discriminating than me couldn't stand "Bachelorette" either.
This is an okay movie. It's pretty funny in some places I like the way it shows that these three guys learn that there's more to life than just sex and being immature. They learn that it's better to have love and have your life together than be an idiot. I'm planning to buy it just because, overall, I do like it.
I was quite impressed with the first season of "Heroes," but a lot of what happens in the series makes you shake your head . . . and the shaking increases with each season.Every time I've picked up the new season of "Heroes," I've had to go back to the NBC recap site to find out what exactly happened at the end of the previous season.  This sort of thing never happens with other shows, but after nine or twelve months between season viewings of "Heroes," I've got to go back for a refresher.  The way the show jumps around in time and space and with certain characters dying/coming back or gaining/losing powers, it's a little hard to keep track.  And thus began season 3.The amount of disbelief that must be withheld in order to enjoy season 3 is astounding.  One guy I won't identify pops through space and time stealing people's powers yet, for some reason, he also chooses to have an entourage of people with powers.  Why not just take everyone's powers a la Sylar?And speaking of Sylar, he continues to be one of the more interesting (albeit somewhat annoying) characters on the show as, this season, he seeks out his real parents and some sort of identity while continuing to expand his powers.Noah Bennett and Matt Parkman are, hands down, the best and most likeable characters on the show, with Hiro and Ando coming in second.  That Petrelli family--not to mention Ali Larter's character--will bug the pants off you.  There is, however, a new character named Danko introduced who is quite interesting.  He's a "powerless" human enlisted by Nathan Petrelli to hunt down people with abilities.There are some interesting and welcome developments with the Bennett family this season.I won't spoil it for you, but let me say that the season finale just might cause you to stop watching the show.  Massive head shake there.  Despite that, I'll go on to watch season 4, but some friends of mine have sworn off "Heroes" forever.Look for Clint Howard and William Katt in small roles.Worth a watch, but leave a lot of disbelief at the door.
I was not aware of the Andre Rand case, in which he allegedly kidnapped and murdered a number of Staten Island children who happened to live near a former mental asylum.  I figured it was one of those found film ghost stories that are so popular, but it's actually a documentary by two young filmmakers who happen to come from Staten Island and knew the story from their childhood.  I have relatives on SI an uncle who worked at a Long Island state asylum for many years, so it was of interest to me.  BTW, the real case is compared to the legend of Cropsey, a mythical monster who killed little kids.The actual crimes happened in the 1980s.  It includes many interviews of friends and relatives of the victims and visits to the area where the events occurred.  Rand seemed to specialize in choosing children who were mentally retarded.Anyone who's interested in the history of Staten Island, the crime itself, or the issue of mental retardation should get something out of this film.
I love good caper shows, but the casting is almost a total disaster. Timothy Hutton, the black guy and the blond girl are not terribly engaging, likeable or compelling. The black guy, in particular, is utterly unconvincing as the stereotypical black computer superwhiz, and utterly annoying and bland otherwise, sleepwalking through the series. Timothy Hutton has a grandma vibe. But the tough guy is a good pick.I realize dissenting reviews of TV series are the kiss of death for a reviewer, but I have to be honest.
not really in to paranormal shows, but this was ok. The &#34;canned&#34; feel of the shows reminds me of so many other such shows.
I love the mentalist but the writers are spending way too much time on this red john angle. I fear that they are writting themselves off a cliff because every episode this season main focus is red john.They are not really focused on patrick jane's crime fighting skills. I can't even recall if there was another case being worked besides this red john angle. I fear that I'm going to have to start watching castle if they don't sh**t or get off the pot with this red john thing! Kill him already or kill the show! It has to be one or the other because as much as I love the mentalist, I am getting real tired of watching it! It's almost as bad as the alien angle on the x-files! Wow, towards the end I could have carved my eyes out watching that unfold! Lol. Get better please or else castle here I come! Lol!
The preview made me really want to watch this, but it did not make sense.  The acting was good, but the story dragged and was way too deep for my brain to comprehend, so I would give this movie a D- rating, don't waste 7 bucks for this one!
For months leading up to my viewing of this film, all I heard was how clever and creepy and worth-my-time it is.  Am I missing something?  This seemed like pretty run-of-the-mill stuff.  I agree with many fans of Ti West that he is a talented director who knows how to exercise restraint (House of the Devil was really good) and give his films character.  However, despite the good direction, atmosphere and acting, I can't get past the fact that the ghost story in The Innkeepers was nothing I haven't seen before.  Unless, like I said, I missed something.  I watched this with a good friend whose opinions are pretty close to my own, and he agreed with me that House of the Devil was much better than The Innkeepers.  If you're a fan of this type of ghost story, and you're a bit older than the twenty-something set (like me), then you've probably spent a lot of time watching ghost stories just like this.  Throwing a bit of ambiguity into the story near the end didn't do much to help its plot, either.  I don't know, maybe someone out there can tell me what's sailing over my head because I just don't get why so many people are rallying around this movie.  I just felt it wasn't that good even though I really, really wanted to like it.
Betas is a very dry comedy, which might work better in a dramatic form.  The first ten minutes were very dull and I almost stopped watching, but I'm glad I stuck it out, as it finally got interesting around mid-episode.  The humor is subtle in many cases, and could be right at home in a 45 minute drama format, as well.  The ideas in this one just seem to expansive for a simple comedy show.
The best I can say is that at least with this pilot, I made it more than half way through the program. The problem is that the more I learned about the characters, the less I liked them. Now I've seen some pretty funny sitcoms based in school (such as Boston Public), but at least then I could identify with the protagonists. In this case, I found myself not caring at all. Oh well, I guess you can't win them all. That's why we make pilots.
A young couple (Thandie Newton and Cillian Murphy) take a retreat to a remote island off the coast of England to rekindle the flame in their marriage.  There is a deafening silence between them and allusions to a stillbirth in the air.  All is going unswimmingly until an injured British soldier(Jamie Bell) washes up on their shore.  When he comes out of his unconscious state he relates a tale of an epidemic racing through Britain.  He heeds the couple to take the necessary precautions or face the consequences.  Is he angel or devil?  What do you think? An eight year old could have written a better script.  This thriller is totally bereft of suspense.  It telegraphs most of it's shocks(Look, Dear. I found a rifle.) rendering them meaningless.  Completely wasted is a genuinely menacing turn by Bell.  Just goes to show that the Brits can make formula garbage just like their American compatriots.
This series is always good, and much different from the usual &#34;city law enforcement&#34; sitcoms. Its only fault, that I see, is that the episodes do not end in a conclusion, like in 1 and 2, and you have to see the next episode to follow the story and sometimes I have missed the following episode, thus losing the story.
Not as good as hit as Dora de Explorer at least according to my son's opinion... maybe the graphics need a little improvement and the storyline... but overall I think is a decent cartoon... and teaches the kids possitive things and good behavior... something that's is not so common anymore.
didn't care for it as much as the first 4...seem to be a lot more draggy, like they ran out of ideas..overall it was ok
I really like Richard Gere but I think that this movies is quite below his ability. The movement and themes of this film have been used time and time again so that the viewer knows what will happen which leads to a boring repetitive theme seen in so many other movies. Originality is missing in today's hollywood productions. ,
This movie was just a live-action cartoon that carried no real sense of peril or logic.  I guess it was sort of fun, in a way, and Hauer is always worth watching.  However, I just found the film to be like many movies that ape the glory days of grindhouse:  these new grindhouse films are more like caricatures of the real thing.  They lack charm, cohesion, and restraint.  I own this movie, it was fun in a shallow, forget-it-ten-seconds-after-it's-over kind of a way, but I really can't recommend it as good cinema.
Not as enjoyable and entertaining as some other British programming, but I liked it well enough.  It was nice to see Tom Hiddleston.
don't waste your time, its a bunch of mumbo jumbo. and a lot of drama just for tv. its great the family is branching out...but I just cant see how it got a show
This film is about the Aurora 2 International Mars station. It is a 6 month one way journey. Their mission is for 6 months. They are in the final 20 hours of the mission before they return to Earth. The characters are introduced with Kim (Olivia Williams) being a person everyone would rather not work with. She is upset because their mission failed to find any life. Meanwhile the Russian scientist (Goran Kostic) is out repairing a gamma sensor...when....The set and background was pretty decent. I didn't know if the film was going to be:a) boring like &#34;Gravity&#34;b) a smart horror like &#34;Ghosts of Mars&#34;c) something stupid like a big rubber headed monster or something really dumb like zombies.Yup. It was &#34;C.&#34; I couldn't believe they wasted a nice looking set. It seems a Martian bacterial infection causes people to not only go crazy and want to harm other people, but it also allows the organism to operate in the near non-existing Martian atmosphere. I hate it when a military doctor says, &#34;Sorry, penicillin isn't going to work this time&#34; but nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition, which at this point would have made the film better.People who enjoyed &#34;Apollo 18&#34; might like this one. I saw it as wasted potential. Works as a rental.Parental Guidance: F-bomb. No sex or nudity.
This show started off slow, but I think there is a huge potential for this to be GREAT!  I scored it as a three because it hasn't been great yet, but it has great potential.
Warning!  There are some spoilers in this review.In the spring of 2007 it was reported that NBC had asked the producers of THE OFFICE to expand it permanently to a one-hour format.  Initially I thought this was a terrible idea, that the show would be irreparably weakened by expanding it to an hour.  Then I saw the Season Three DVDs with the deleted scenes and with so many really great deleted scenes, I though that perhaps it would be possible to expand it to an hour.  Now, however, I'm not so sure.  Especially after this last of the four one-hour episodes that start off Season Four.  As a half hour show, THE OFFICE almost always leaves you wanting more.  But as a one-hour show, it always seems to go on too long.  Like most of the four episodes starting off this season, this one just felt like it was over before it was over.I'm not saying that it would never be a good idea to have an hour-long episode.  The show has had some very good expanded episodes in the past.  But four in a row seems to have stretched the show further than it really wanted to go.  I'm actually looking forward to it going back to shorter episodes next week.This episode revolves largely around two major stories.  First, Michael's increasing money woes created by having Jan live with him without working any herself.  To help make a bit more money he takes a second fulltime job as a telemarketer.  The scenes showing him at his second job are the weakest in the episode and really do feel like padding to make the show go a full hour.  The other major story centers around Pam and Jim deciding to visit Dwight's bed and breakfast.  After three years of teaming together to play tricks on Dwight -- and indeed this visit starts off as a trick on Dwight -- they realize how deeply he is hurting because of his break up with Angela (caused by his killing her elderly but deeply beloved cat by putting him in her freezer) and make a couple of gestures to try and make him feel better.  For instance, they give his utterly dreadful B&B; a stellar review on the Internet.  I like the symmetry of Pam and Jim not being together for a long period of time during much of which Dwight and Angela had a hidden relationship.  And now that Jim and Pam are together, Angela and Dwight have broken up.I have no doubt that the show will get back on track, but to do so, the network needs to permanently commit to the show being only a half hour each week.
I've never been a big fan of Eli Roth. I know many think of him as the new face of horror but most of his movies to me have amounted to minor of the plot/story with a focus on the gore. I have no problem with gore in movies, but gore for gore's sake gets boring after a while and for me most of his films have been that, boring. So when I heard his name connected with this film I viewed it with trepidation. Once I found out he wasn't directing I felt better. In the end, we have a decent movie here that offers some chills along the way from start to finish.The movie takes place in Chile where three friends (one played by Roth who gets a co-writing credit on the film too) and business partners are enjoying the night life that the city they're in has to offer. One of the three is Chilean so he speaks the language. Moving from club to club, night spot to night spot, the three end up connecting with three women and the six of them carry on with the partying. So much for about 30 minutes of the film. It's not quite enough time to make us care about the group or perhaps it's the antics that involve them but when things change we care.While in one of the clubs a huge earthquake hits and panic follows. The required amounts of gore and blood flow as people are crushed beneath the columns and pillars that decorate the club they're in. One of the friends has his arm crushed and as the group gets out they begin to search for the nearest hospital. When they hit the streets the amount of devastation confronts them as they roam the city seeking help while dealing with the looting and rioting that follow each aftershock.But that's not enough jeopardy to put this group in. Someone mentions that there was a prison nearby that housed the worst of the worst, the nastiest killers the country had to offer. So on top of trying to find help and dealing with the wreckage around them they now must try and decipher who is safe to trust and who might be one of these mentally disturbed prisoners.This adds a nice touch to what could have been a rather standard disaster film. The group does their best to make it through but along the way is hunted down by the escaped prisoners. Just who will and won't make it through the night becomes the question that follows them from street to street. As would be expected, not all of them will survive. Who does and doesn't adds to the suspense (limited though it may be) and moves the story from point A to point Z. All would be fine with the exception of the ending (which I won't spoil but saw coming a mile away), which makes this film a part of the sort of movie Roth would make. If you don't understand that comment I won't ruin the ending for you.Not great acting but passable, some decent gore effects and a well shot film. The story moves along at a snails pace to start but picks up once the earthquake hits. If you're not a fan of Roth then there is one piece in this you will love. On the whole this is a movie worth watching if you like disaster or horror films. If you don't like either or are planning a trip to Chile, I'd pass this one by.
Little reason to waste time on this bit of supposed comedy with all of the participants drunk at the time of their performances. Just a reminder of how unpleasant and boring drunks can be.
PRIDE AND PREJUDICE WITH KEVIN FIRTH WAS OUTSTANDING.. TO MAKE A COMEDY OUT OF A.  SERIOUS DRAMA IN THIS CASE IS UNFORTUNATE. THE LEAD ACTRESS WAS NOT COMPREABLE TO THE ACTRESS IN THE SERIOUS. VERSION.. THE ACTOR PORTRAYING MR BEASLEY WAS EXCELLENT, AND MR BENNETT WAS EXCELLENT. . THE ACTOR PORTRAYING MR DARCY WAS GOOD,  I WAS NOT IMPRESSED WITH THE FILM..
The story fell flat.  The concept behind the storyline was quite interesting and thought provoking, even fairly original.  The characters were unbelievable, therefore I was unable to be attached or interested in them, in any way.  I believe I even dozed off for a few minutes a little over halfway through the movie, and it was around the climax of people trying to steal the machine, but because I never invested myself into any of the characters, it could not keep my interest. The actors were so-so, at best.  Sorry, to any fans of theirs, but if they played their roles better, the characters might have been a bit more interesting and allowed this viewer to want to know what happens to them next.I truly wanted to rate this higher, just because the idea behind the story was so darn intriguing, but I can't.  The movie did not live up to the concept.
Didn't care for any of the characters except for the dad...sort of. The kids are incredibly annoying. He was just less annoying. Could be a groundbreaking series, but needs to be revamped. Start with better writing and an entirely new cast, save for the dad. I almost immediately figured out what the whole premise of the show was. I really didn't enjoy watching this at all. Like a lot of other reviewers stated, the episode seemed much longer than 30 minutes. I was completely bored the entire time. I'm not the prudish type, but I found the gratuitous nudity and sex scenes off-putting. They added absolutely nothing and weren't even mildly entertaining. Everything about this episode seemed contrived; nothing about it makes me want to see more. I feel like I was duped. I was expecting much better than this.
I believe that the 3 part Red Dahlia mystery is referred to as season 2. This is a bit misleading, since it directly follows the Pilot. Be careful that you do not buy it twice.It is very graphic with realistic corpses. Not for younger viewers or the least bit squeamish. The series relies more on character interplay than mystery.Good acting with an interesting mix of characters. Ciarn Hinds plays the experienced police detective in a believable manner. Kelly Reilly is by turns engaging and frustrating off as a novice detective. The hit and miss performance could have added to the feel of a novice learning, but didn't quite get there. The director seems to concentrate on her charms far more than on getting a good performance out of her.The 3 part Deadly Intent followed by the 3 part Silent Scream come next.
Yes, it's based on a true story, but the story lacks a satisfying end, and so does the movie. Ryan Gosling is fine in a dual role as a young man and the older man who is seen testifying, for some reason, before a jury, though we are never told for what. His young wife disappears early on in their lives together, but we never learn how or why, and that's what really happened in real life. The problem is this makes for a movie with a wide open back end. There is innuendo that the old man somehow had the woman disposed of, but we never find out for sure. It's a sad tale of lost love, but not one of the better ones.
Boring, slow,  predictable, unsexy, unfunny.  My wife and I didn't laugh once. POOR SCRIPT. Waste of the actor's talent and our time.
I made it through almost half of the opening song (probably about a minute and a half).  I should have turned it off after the first 30 seconds.This must be some kind of goof right?
Deadfall is a white noir, instead of being told in the shadows of the mean streets of the corrupt city, it takes place in the wide open snow covered wilderness. It is easy to identify that Deadfall wants to conjure up memories  of Fargo  or any other Cohen brothers movie for that matter, but ends up simply stuck a drift in it's own snow storm of tedium. This isn't a bad movie, per say, but it is middling, predicable and more often than not, dull. Which comes as a shame because the movie has a real great cast that is game for something more meaty.Telling the story of Addison (Eric Bana) and Liza (Olivia Wilde), a brother and sister team that just stuck up a tribal Casino. A car wreck leaves their driver dead and them stranded in the cold Michigan wilderness heading for the Canadian border.  They become separated and Liza hooks up with a stranger, Jay (British actor Charlie Hunnam), an Olympic silver medalist pugilist just out of jail and already on the run again. He wants to go home for Thanksgiving, but they end up stuck at a roadside motel for the night. She pretends he's her brother and he pretends she's a playboy centerfold, and somehow through all this they fall in love.Also add another subplot involving small town cop Hannah Becker (Kate Mara), trying to prove herself in a man's world and dealing with daddy issues involving the local sheriff (Treat Williams), who may be her father, but he is also a sexist, arrogant lout.Deadfall starts off very well with a great hook, but as it goes along it becomes tiresome and conventional. The early cinematography by Shane Hurlbut is excellent with a nicely done car crash and an exciting chase on snowmobiles, but like everything else in this movie becomes more pedestrian as it trots along.Directed by Stefan Ruzowitzky, an Austrian born director who won an Oscar for 2008's the Counterfeiters, making a very mild mew English language debut. Working from a half backed script by first time screenwriter Zach Bean, who manages yo fit more clich&eacute;s in a ninety-five minute movie than just about anyone this year. Bean's script seems cobbled together by bits and pieces of other movies, and not necessarily there best parts. It's plotting, it is rushed and there is little or no character development.Deadfall manages to almost descend into self parody with it's obvious and contrived ending that feels like the old Humphrey Bogart movie Desperate Hours, which itself was remade by Michael Cimino and starred Mickey Rourke, with a very special Thanksgiving twist. A holiday showdown in the snow.A very good cast is all that keeps this afloat. Eric Bana is superb in the central role, a tough guy villain that is easy to root for. Olivia Wilde proves she's much more than merely eye candy here, she is sweet, scared and sympatric in the role, she makes Liza simply more human, and this could be Wilde's best work so far.Kate Mara is excellent as rookie police officer Becker, she's smart and tough with the offbeat charisma that Mara is good at exhibiting. She's pretty, but not glamorous, and gives a clich&eacute;d role a more firm footing in reality, or at least she makes it appear so.Charlie Hunnam is just okay as Jay, a poor man's Tom Hardy the role is so underwritten that the actor is given little time to do much of anything, he's just there as the movie's handsome stranger, a rather dull protagonist.Add reliable veteran performers Kris Kristofferson and Sissy Spaceck as Jay's folks, and Treat Williams as the sheriff, this highly capable cast really cooks. Unfortunately it adds up to more of a cold lunch than a holiday feast.Deadfall is a slight and unmemorable thriller, it's laughable in all the wrong ways and doesn't add up to a impressive Thanksgiving themed movie. Although it would be interesting to see what happens after diner, I mean some people have some explaining to do that could have added up to something more interesting than what we have here. This time of year you can do better. Give the gift of love and take some you care about to see something else.see my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
I forced myself to sit through 5 episodes just to make sure that I wasn't mistaken in my feelings for this show.  The cinematography of the pilot was brilliant and was the main reason I gave the series more of my time than I ever should have, but even that paled quickly with the lackluster story line and turgid pace of the show.  Five episodes in and there is nothing, absolutely nothing going on, there is so little happening that it makes it hard to point to any one thing that stands out as a problem, it is just so blah that I can't see wasting anymore time on it than it took to write this.Summation, I completely understand why the show was cancelled and support that decision 100%.
Face off is a amazing show I only watch one episode but it was amazing. for the video itself there where no problems what so ever. I recommend this to people who love art and movies.
I was disappointed in the casting / especially the walk on by Nancy Grace- you got to know whento step aside.  Some one professional should have taken over.  A terrible waste of energy.
Don't be fooled by the "NASA Approved!" sticker.  This is another low budget space disaster flick that focuses on cheap scares and pointless twists instead of discovery and exploration, just like Sunshine, Ghost of Mars, Event Horizon and a whole host of other manic depressive movies that wander into space.This director should be cranking out pictures about flea-bitten drunks slowly dying in gutters instead of science fiction.  If we took all the cash doled out for these "space is scary" oeuvres we'd have enough to build a dozen space ships by now.When one character in the film mutters "It's pointless," I kinda have to agree with him.But if downer sci-fi is your cup of tea then you'll be weeping into your Tang in no time after watching this found footage flick.
All the other actors appear in the last few minutes of the movie. I guess if you are a Stephen Dorff fan and enjoy looking up his nostrils for over an hour then this is the movie for you. Tom Berenger is the size of a whale and can't find a tie long enough to reach to his belt. A copy of "Buried" and less interesting. An IFC Film so look for it on Netflix in the next 3 months or so.
Great actors and good cinematography.  Horrible plot line and stupid characters.  The writers need to be more creative than dropping the F word to fill up the time.  It made the actors seem like stutters with Tourette Syndrome.  If at all possible avoid this show.  There are better apocalyptic shows to spend your time on.
Good action scenes. Acting suffers as does scripts. It reminds me of Highway to Heaven...without the religion context. The girl bumps into people who &#34;need&#34; her help in some desperate fashion as she moves from not so safe house to not so safe house....
Quite charming except from a completely different era than I could relate to.  In the '6os we did it minus lap top/cell phone or even craigslist.  Our wanderings never went as flawlessly, but we still encountered kindness & had a lot more fun than Joe.  Kerouac did it best in the '50s.  The beatnik of all time wrote a book - not a silly semi-documentary movie.  Am having trouble adjusting to this current world...
cheap shots and gratuitous violence do not equal a plot.  a waste of Kevin Bacon's talents.  I guffaw whenever the Joe character comes on screen.SPOILERS!!!teacher's pet:  does NO ONE ever die forever on this show...now Claire is alive too?  Snicker....
I get it, the writers were dealt a huge blow with the loss of Cory Monteith, and half the Glee club graduated.  Now Glee club has been disbanded and Will, Emma, Sue, and coach Biest are gone, as well as the talented new members.  It's not really Glee anymore.  I'll still watch.  I can't imagine that it will get picked up for season 6.  I hope it does, but I doubt it.  Glee was pretty good at weaving real life social issues into the show, I was hoping they would incorporate the lesson of heroin use into the show and how one person touches and affects so many other lives.
his shows are edgy but he sometimes gets a little too gross for me. A couple of the shows were extreemly funny
Still enjoyable, still something I don't mind watching, but not something I'm dieing to see every week.  Still, it's interesting to see what people come up with in a crunch.Unfortunately, I think they've bled the amateur special effects artist pool dry because most of the people that they take are already professional artists.  Then again, it's a fine line and a wide spectrum with regard to being a professional.  I haven't resonated enough with the challenges.  I felt that the trip to Japan was wasted because they started off getting a few hours to make Oni (Japanese demon characters), then for the real challenge, they have to make anime characters, which really don't translate well into makeup.  Had they reversed it, I think they'd have had a much better show.I'm still a fan of creative series like this one, but in an attempt to go more extreme, more dramatic, I think they've lost the plot.  The art is the interesting part here, not the drama.
I didn't like the way they ended it, if they would have been given the opportunity to film the movie to wrap things up after the show was cancelled like they were originally going to do it would have been ok.This season had some good points, but overall it lacked the same punch the others had.
The documentary was interesting. I only heard about it a day or so ago and watched here for curiosity sake. I have to say I don't much like the guy. Is he the way he is because of the things that happened in his life? Most likely, yeah.I met George Lutzzz about 10 years ago and I found his to be...odd. I believed the story less after meeting him but hearing the things that Danny said makes me rething what I had always believed. I believe in ghosts, I believe in haunted houses and have since I was a kid. Would I live in the Amittyville house? Absolutely.Watch it, then watch the original movie again, not the remake. The remake was good as a haunted house movie but added nothing to the legend of The Amittyville Horror.I didn't like or dislike this documentary. I just found it an interesting side bar to a story I've found interesting for a long time.Randy
The stories aren't bad, its the principal character that's the pain.  Granted it is season 1 and everyone is trying to find their feet.But, Vera is bad tempered all the time and borderline abusive.  The series is as much to do about Vera and her quirks as it is thesolving of crime.  If you like police stories where the DCI is a misery guts, then this is for you.  I prefer my stories with a lot more class like &#34;Lewis&#34;.  You can't go wrong with &#34;Lewis&#34;!
I've been disappointed with this season.  It seems like the writers are tired and lacking ideas.  Previous seasons I was excited for each new episode but this season the episodes just pile up and there is usually something better to watch.
I enjoyed watching this program but would like to know if you will be adding more season? I really like watching these
Director Stephen Frears ("The Queen", "High Fidelity", "Dangerous Liaisons") and screenwriter D.V. DeVincentis ("High Fidelity", "Grosse Point Blank") are back together again for a new film based on the memoirs of American writer and journalist Beth Raymer, a memoir about her experiences in the sex industry, amateur boxing and sports betting.The film would feature an all-star cast starring Bruce Willis ("Die Hard" films, "The Sixth Sense", "The Fifth Element"), Catherine Zeta-Jones ("Chicago", "The Terminal", "Entrapment"), Vince Vaughn ("Wedding Crashers", "Mr. and Mrs. Smith", "The Break-Up"), Rebecca Hall ("The Prestige", "Frost/Nixon", "The Town"), Joshua Jackson ("Fringe", "Dawson's Creek", "The Skulls"), Laura Prepon ("That 70&#8242;s Show", "October Road", "Are You There, Chelsea?") and Corbin Bernsen ("L.A. Law", "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang", "Psych").VIDEO:"Lay the Favorite" is presented in 1080p High Definition (1:85:1).  For the most part, picture quality for the film is very good.  Colors are vibrant and really look good outdoors.  Really good detail when it comes to closeups and colors black levels are nice and deep.  I didn't notice any problems with the overall picture quality, no aliasing or artifacts.AUDIO & SUBTITLES:"Lay the Favorite" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD MA.  The film is primarily all dialogue driven and dialogue is crisp and clear.  Not a film where you would hear a lot of surround usage but you do hear a bit of the ambiance come into play during the film.  But for a film like this, the lossless soundtrack was appropriate.Subtitles are in Spanish.SPECIAL FEATURES:"Lay the Favorite" come with the following special features:Deleted Scenes - (7:41) A total of 11 deleted scenes.JUDGMENT CALL:"Lay the Favorite" may have been a fascinating memoir to read but as a film, I feel that the film tried to incorporate comedy but also be a bit deep at the same time but it just doesn't work.The primary character of Beth Raymer comes off in the film as a girl who loves her job of pleasing men as an in-home stripper, showing her body and getting what she wants but trying to make money and survive.  When compared to the original memoir, there is a much better story as Beth is trying to balance life at Florida State University and to pay her way through college life, she becomes a stripper.  But because of her not being satisfied or she was fired from these jobs, that's the reason why she moved to Las Vegas.I really don't know if the real Beth Raymer was anything like the film version of Beth Raymer but the film's first half hour tries to feature Beth as a naive sex kitten that who is a stripper, tries to have sexual relations with her boss and fidns a guy at a casino and has sex with him immediately after they met.While the film tries to focus on high-stakes gambling, you're left thinking..."really?".  Not to say that Rebecca Hall's portrayal of Beth Raymer makes her out like an "airhead" but perhaps instead of focusing on the sexy side of Beth Raymer, at the beginning of the film, there should have been some glimpse of her brilliance with numbers that is later mentioned in the film.  That Beth is actually a smart young woman, not just some kind of vamp.  Also, unless you have an interest in sports-gambling, the film is really lacking in structure and not that entertaining.Of course, we eventually see Beth grow in the ranks of high-stake gambling when she moves to New York City and starts to make money for herself.  But by then, I'm wondering to myself, is this really a Stephen Frears film?  And what an unlikely film to find Bruce Willis and Catherine Zeta-Jones in.  But do give the film some credit in the fact that Bruce Willis, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Joshua Jackson and Vince Vaughn made "Lay the Favorite" much more of an enjoyable film because they appeared in it.The Blu-ray release does feature very good PQ and for dialogue-driven film, lossless audio was also good.  And for special features, you get eleven deleted scenes.Overall, "Lay the Favorite" was a film that may have featured a talented director and also featured a cast of big names but unfortunately, with an uninspired screenplay, the characters weren't fully utilized and the film just lacks anything of interest unlike the original memoir that the film was based on. Probably worth a rental but nothing more.
This pilot had a wonderfull cast. It made me chuckle a few times, but not enough at these amazing actors should make me laugh. Could have done for a better script. I wouldn't mind watching a future episode,but my feelings will not be hurt if it doesn't come back
This was okay just got a little intense for us.
pretty good special effects, above average writing. Just didn't quite gel & I think it had a lot to do with the male lead in this case. No offense, just how I felt about it.
This is a slightly different kind of horror film. The film opens with Niamh (Missy Keating) a withdrawn bruised child, clearly the victim of abuse. In her nightmarish world, Niamh has the ability to not only detect abuse in others, but has developed some kind of telekinetic protection which goes from what appears to be haphazard to controlled.It isn't long before Niamh is an orphan living with her loving neighbors being questioned by the police.I liked &#34;The Village of the Damned&#34; feel that the film projected. However most of the time I kept waiting for something to happen, even while things were going on.  The movie was careful to not show actual child abuse, but would show you bruises. The first few times left me wondering because of the camera cut away. Was she being abused? Was it her imagination?This is a psychological horror with a limited audience.Parental Guide: No F-bombs or sex. Brief nudity (Clare Barrett)
I love the premise behind this show. A former cheerleader inherits her dead husband's football team. Natalie Zea is perfect for the part. She has been floating around TV shows as a supporting player for yearsand it is time she got the chance to carry something on her own. As for the execution, meh... Some of the acting is suspect and the writing could be a lot better. However, it has some promise and I would certainly give it a few more episodes if it went to a full series.
I tried watching and couldn't even finish watching.  It just wasn't very funny and not interesting at all.  I finish watching all 5 new pilots and this might be the worse one of the five.
This movie has "real" zombies, i.e. they are really dead come back to life. It has Ken Foree from the original Dawn of the Dead and other horror movies (the Beyond, etc.). They use (mostly) Romero zombies; a personal positive preference. The effects are adequate. The one thing that will immediately pull you out of the movie, break your concentration, is the occasional TERRIBLE actor (one dr. is especially bad). It is overall watchable and a bit fun.
Early Bret Easton Ellis novels and their subsequent film adaptations were famous for portrayals of disaffected youth doing naughty things and contemplating life. Now, imagine a handful of characters in their forties doing the same thing, and you've got I Melt With You. Rob Lowe, Jeremy Piven, Thomas Jane, and Christian McKay are old college buddies who meet up annually at Big Sur to celebrate a birthday, but with their own families and hidden secrets plaguing them, they embark on a week of drugs and parties until a tragedy forces them to face their past. Steer clear of I Melt With You, the film's laughable script and ludicrous plot points do nothing to help the actors trying so desperately to make something of the material.
Even a bad movie can be good but this isn't even bad good.  Not worth the bother no redeeming cheesiness.
Forgive me for saying this, readers, but I honestly don&#8217;t find all that many modern day ghost stories really that interesting.  It isn&#8217;t as if I don&#8217;t like the tales these storywriters spin; I do, but I think that studios spend more on CGI and other special effects that truly warrants a good cinema scare.  Why?  Well, when it comes to ghosts, there&#8217;s honestly something to be said for ratcheting up the fright quotient without having to resort to such post-production trickery.  I&#8217;d rather be scared silly by what filmmakers don&#8217;t show me than I ever want to see someone&#8217;s face eaten off digitally.  If that makes me old-fashioned, then so be it &#8230; but, thankfully, every now and then a flick like HAUNT comes along to whet my appetite.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the type of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)From the product packaging: &#8220;Years ago, Dr. Janet Morello (Jacki Weaver) saw her entire family die in their house under tragic and gruesome circumstances.  Wanting a change of scenery, she sold her home to the Asher family, including teenage son Evan.  Evan is the only one suspicious about his family&#8217;s supposed new dream house, and after striking up a friendship with his troubled neighbor Samantha, he discovers a way to communicate with ghosts of the slaughtered Morello family.&#8221;There&#8217;s more &#8211; quite a bit more &#8211; but methinks you catch the drift.Unlike a handful of other releases as of late, HAUNT doesn&#8217;t rely much on special effects to weave its spell.  Instead, it presents a handful of clever characters and pits them against what appears to be a mildly haunted house, and then lets it all play out for those interested in watching.Of course, it goes without saying that ghost stories usually incorporate a handful of weaknesses while exploring its universe.  First, if you don&#8217;t believe in ghosts, then why are you even bothering with reading this review?  You&#8217;ll have to be inclined to accept them as entities-of-a-sort in order to swallow what happens here.  Second, the characters are never created deeply enough to overpower the story being told; by the time the credits are set to roll, the single greatest purpose of a ghost story is to make sure you&#8217;ve been scared &#8211; so if you&#8217;re looking for all of these folks to have been pulled from the celluloid exploits of, say, Ghandi, then you&#8217;re in the wrong place.However &#8211; because characterization or greater character development is not a strength of typical ghost stories &#8211; it&#8217;s important for screenwriters to try to keep these people in the realm of the imaginable.  Evan seems like a good kid.  Samantha?  Seems like a troubled youth.  Evan&#8217;s mom and dad?  Meh.  They take all-too-easily to the idea of their son spending the night in his brand-new room upstairs with a girl he just met; there isn&#8217;t an iota of pushback or questioning the young man (though mom does give him the obligatory &#8220;we trust you, dear&#8221; gibberish), and that just didn&#8217;t seem even remotely real to me.Along with that, writer Andrew Barrer serves up a few twists that don&#8217;t quite make perfect sense (Evan&#8217;s younger sister has no trouble communicating with ghosts in the house, but why is those same ghosts are so vicious with others?), but director Mac Carter smothers it all in a kind of dreamy, sugary cinematography that methinks they&#8217;re hoping you don&#8217;t notice these lesser blips on your radar.  At the end of the day, they want you to believe in that magical box &#8211; the one that buzzed, hummed, and crackled with electricity &#8211; and its ability to connect you with the afterlife.  Don&#8217;t ask why nobody smells the corpse obviously decomposing between the walls &#8216;cause that&#8217;s really no important right now.Also, there&#8217;s a final speech delivered by Dr. Morello herself (it&#8217;s a voiceover while audiences are treated to a visual recap of specific events now that the secret is out).  I&#8217;d like to think it served the picture well, but because it was captured and delivered through ten layers of nefariousness I thought it was a bit overkill.HAUNT (2013) is produced by QED International and Revolver Picture Company.  DVD distribution is being handled by MPI Media Group under the IFC Midnight label.  As for the technical specifications, this is one smartly assembled set of scares, and director Carter has gone to some pretty respectable lengths to dish out some terrific sights and sounds.  Lastly &#8211; if it&#8217;s special features you want &#8211; then you&#8217;re in for a welcome surprise: there&#8217;s a bevy (especially compared with other similar releases I&#8217;ve come across as of late) including a commentary, extensive cast interviews, a behind-the-scenes short, some interesting &#8216;Morello Case Files,&#8217; an examination of the make-up, and the theatrical trailer; that&#8217;s far more than I&#8217;ve seen from bigger budgeted pics as of late, so hats off to all involved.RECOMMENDED.  There may be very little in HAUNT that distinguishes it from older haunted house flicks, but I&#8217;d be inclined to argue that &#8211; in today&#8217;s era of relying heavily on CGI and other post-production trickery to rouse up some scares &#8211; there&#8217;s not all that much wrong with that.  You get precisely what all involved appear to have set out to deliver &#8211; a relatively bare-bones chiller that might not be as character rich or photo-friendly as some of the box office&#8217;s latest offerings but instead serves up a reasonable number of chills in under 85 minutes.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group and IFC Midnight provided me with a DVD copy of HAUNT by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review; and their contribution to me in no way, shape, or form influenced my opinion of it.
that marriage should be abandoned the second it feels "incomplete" for new lovers (who will surely feel "incomplete".)  Maybe this writer director was raped during childhood, slept with lots of losers, then everyone who could possibly advance her career, and is now a man hating lesbian with fantasies of retribution.  It's the most cynical movie I have ever seen bar none.
There are some not very subtle take-aways from other films/shows. A major plot twist from the movie Identity was obviously &#34;borrowed&#34;. And Thelma (I mean Francine) lost her glasses!And a Latino gang (of course - can't have a bunch of white folks who want to steal stuff) has to pop in because when the rest of the world is in utter chaos and massive amounts of people are wandering the streets, gang members pull it together, kidnap a housekeeper, and plan a major theft with no complications up until they arrive on scene.Oh, and the so obviously fake owl...was that even necessary? It just really drove home the message that, &#34;Hello, these aren't real woods, it's a stage set.&#34;And why can't a child with a native French speaker as a mother and a father obviously fluent in the language not speak a word of French?Aside from the many problems with the pilot, I think the show may have some potential. The casting was good, the acting was mostly good and if the writers can keep away from lazy references to other tv/cinema and put a little more thought into the show as a whole, I think it could have promise.As it stands, though, it seems like it was a pilot shot as a pilot, without much thought to the long game.
Sometimes the script is excellent, with a unique point of view and wit, but The Americans is uneven. After the somewhat uninteresting and confusing first two episodes, the characters got their outlines and the show became enthralling.  The last three or four episodes, however, turned  dreary, and what had been fun and intelligent became leaden.  Maybe the next season will pick up the really excellent aspects of the first.
I'm not saying is doesn't work, it does work. This guy has a mission. I've seen that devil before. I'm wondering if they didn't use the same special effects people. Lots of blood. Good vs evil. Sort of.
I've been reading Norse and Greek mythology since I could pick up a book, and even when I could understand the differences between the two, I knew that for the most part, Thor and Loki got along. Unlike the Greek gods, the Norse gods could die, but they never grew old -- and even Odin retained his savage strength until his death at the battle of Ragnorak. So to see Loki old and missing teeth is repulsive; and being so stereotypically evil is a sign of poor writing. Pass on this. True, Loki's actions in regard to Balder's passing did lead to Ragnorak and to his own death, as well as Thor's, Odin's and the other gods, but he wasn't the cackling super villain  depicted in these ridiculous cartoons. Buy the movies instead. They're more entertaining.
I personally didn't  care too much for this one. I mean it was ok and if I had watched more than just one episode I may have really like it . So I really can't be a good judge of this series because I didn't watch more than one of them. It seems to be popular from what I've heard other from other people. Give it a try yourself. You may like it.
The first two seasons of this series were great - I subscribed to both and then subscribed to season 3 expecting the show to get even better.  Instead, the writing this season seems to have gotten lost.  Completely aside from the time travel paradoxes for which a certain circularity is expected, the plotlines themselves seem to have become circular and without any true direction.  Every episode attempts to end with a cliffhanger to keep the viewer interested - but the cliffs aren't very high and the hang-time is very short.  Even the actors seem to be getting bored with their roles.  The season definitely needs at least one good episode to tie this mess together before it flames out entirely.In summary, I'm finding season 3 pretty boring.
Not a big fan of zombie flicks, yet I'm fascinated with the various means by which filmmakers tackle the "end of the world". Very reminiscent of the 1970s when disaster movies were the plot du jour for just about everyone with a screenplay and rented cameras.Now, because most zombie films are pretty standard boilerplate, there's no need to provide a synopsis since we all know the variety and variants that run the gamut from comedy to terrifying horror. However 'Contracted' took a fresh approach to the wasteland of the walking deceased. No pun intended.Tells the tale of Samantha, an average middle class woman going through a typical break-up. Hurt, angry and resentful - she finds herself at a party.Copious amounts of alcohol and drugs, coupled with the bitterness at her recent failed relationship, leads to an unwanted one night stand. And soon thereafter she notices that she's not feeling well. Really not well. She appears to be suffering some kind of active necrosis. However, the doctor and potent prescription medicines don't seem to be working.And she's getting worse.The quiet portrait of a young woman who is at the start of global devastation was a refreshing tack. Despite having some serious gore and yuck factor scenes that are stomach-churning, taken as a whole, the film seemed noticeably unadorned and surprisingly unfinished. In fact, what it could have used was a little of that old school rubber-stamp zombie magic.I appreciated the character study aspect, and Najarra Townsend delivered a very solid performance which gave life to her role. But there just wasn't enough action to warrant a solid recommendation.If you're a fan of the zombie genre - and looking for something different - then this simple film might be worth checking out. It delivers an unusual take on the corpse-filled land of the ravenous undead.
The tagline for Magnolia Pictures "360" is "Everything comes full circle." That's really about the only thing "360" has going for it. "City of God" director Fernando Meirelles is at the helm with a cast that includes Jude Law, Rachel Weisz, Ben Foster, and Anthony Hopkins. The unfortunate thing is these actors really only feel like they're filling a void and don't really make themselves totally useful."360" jumps all over the world; Vienna, Bratislava, Paris, London, Colorado, and finally Phoenix. Seeing how all of the characters connect to one another is really the only drawing factor of the film. You're mostly left feeling like you could've spent a lot more time with certain characters instead of being introduced to so many. Ben Foster is a great example. His character just begins to get interesting when you only see him briefly in montages for the rest of the film. Anthony Hopkins has one really emotional scene during an AA meeting, but mostly feels underused. Jude Law and Rachel Weisz are criminally under-featured. Weisz seems to be rehashing her performance from "The Deep Blue Sea" except Rose is a watered down version of Hester Collyer. Meanwhile, Michael Daly (Law) mostly just acts suspicious and then kind of just admits to everything in the long run without much effort. It all just feels so fruitless.How these characters are connected aren't really all that interesting the majority of the time. More often than not, somebody is cheating on somebody else. Aside from Tyler (Foster) and the Older Man (Hopkins), being unfaithful or using sex to make a living is an underlying theme for everyone else. It's just really disappointing. "360" initially has this "21 Grams" meets "Closer" kind of potential and yet isn't nearly as good as either of those films.The drama is edited in a really unique way though. Its execution is a little odd, but is also really intriguing. At certain points in the film, the camera will show several characters on screen at once despite being in different areas of the world. So the screen will be divided into four vertical strips that are devoted to one specific character. Later on, during a phone call, the screen is divided into two horizontal strips featuring both individuals on the phone; one in each strip. The most interesting is when Sergei (Vladimir Vdovichenkov) is driving through a tunnel. The lights in the tunnel begin swirling around the screen which eventually transitions to the side of a parked car. It's just a very unusual editing technique."360" feels a bit too overzealous for its own good. While connecting so many characters to one another is extremely impressive on one hand, the characters themselves mostly feel very flat and underdeveloped overall. The film makes good on its promise of coming full circle, but there are so many half written stories in between that the experience leaves you feeling like there's no substance whatsoever."360" comes off as introductory without much filling. The intersection is one thing, but what about the road that gets you there? Shouldn't you have time to admire the scenery and get to know at least one person at more than face value during the adventure? "360" is a carousel that gets caught up in its own whirlwind and doesn't utilize or know how to appreciate its talent properly.
Given the higher than normal rating (4.5 stars) by the watchers, I thought I give this movie a watch, but I'm disappointed to say it was only an average movie at best.  The acting was decent given the very short and unimaginative story, but it was certainly not worth watching before it's theatrical release, which will certainly be short-lived before it gets put out to the Redbox dollar rental kiosks within weeks if not days.
While I like seeing how things are made, this show is NOT really much about the how, so much as it is about the 'putting it together' after parts are already made elsewhere. They show us a few steps, while leaving out MANY others just as important if not more so than what they DO show us.  And thus, it's too short. WAY too short. Seeing up to four or even five 'things' made in 23 minutes? Come on! You can't expect me to know how a firetruck is built in only 1/4th of the whole 23 minutes!! Not even if they used all 23 minutes for that one item! It's far too complicated a build. They barely scratch the surface on almost everything. That's the bad. The good? Well, they DO have a wide variety of things that they get access to, and will sometimes slow down a critical process (Slow Motion) so we can understand it. That's what they are doing right. They do make explanations for some of what they don't show us... Though that's limited to statements such as: "Now he will place in the pump, already built in another part of the factory", or maybe another factory altogether. Likely, China, which they seem to avoid saying. That's 'The Putting Together of Already Manufactured Parts. AKA: This is more about 'Assembly! And NOT much about "How it's MADE"! I wonder if they think the audience isn't clever enough to understand it? I would pay for it, but not at the same price as say, a full one hour show on a single subject. I think pricing ought to reflect that. No wonder it's in the 'free' (with paid membership) to PRIME members... (Technically, that's NOT 'Free', but I quibble) Except newer shows, no matter their type or length, are (almost) always excluded from PRIME... Up to several years worth. (Usually three). This show ought to be part of Prime right up to yesterday. (If there was one aired yesterday, that is) Buy it at your own discretion. Personally, I want more detail and less "How many things can we cram into 23 minutes" kind of stuff... Could YOU build a light bulb in 23 minutes? Even WITH the equipment? I know, editing... Marketing. Argh! I think this show is 'dumbed' down to what they THINK is their audience's lowest common denominator. An insult to every one of US, who DO watch it, and really DO want to know: 'How DO They Make It'?
Not blown away, but there's potential for more. I don't hate any of the characters, though the roommate (Lizzie?) is a bit over the top for my taste. She annoyed the heck out of me. Other than that, a decent show so far.
This show is trying too hard. I found it a mix of already popular shows (Modern Family, with a twist of Shameless), but it just wasn't working. I love Jeffrey Tambor's other roles, but I found him unbearable in this pilot.
I like the reality of it, the sensitivity of it and event though the &#34;bad cops&#34; are bad...they also have kind hearts.  I will keep watching.
Good but deviated form the Stephen King book - it disappointed me the producers and writers felt it necessary to change Barbie's and Shumway's characters
yeah okay so maybe they will eventually tell us what happened out in the woods after the plane crash, but they are taking too long, and in the meantime, the stories are boring and non-existent.  I suppose it's to keep us watching, but it's disappointing.  How did they stay warm, given the fact that they used their last match?  and how did they get food?  What about the pilot- he couldn't have stayed strapped in his seat for a week!  and how did they keep Arizona's leg from bleeding out?  Cristina mentioned once that animals were coming for Lexie, but how did they keep the animals away from her?  I've loved this show from the beginning, but this season is one HUGE letdown so far.  At the very least, they should give us interesting story lines if nothing else.  I'm guessing it's going to end very badly, like too many good TV shows do.I can't stand how they just keep showing us tiny snippets of the crash without any explanations.
Another sports-centric show--yawn.  This didnt grab me and when it was over I had no interest in seeing more.  Natalie Zea won me over but the rest of the cast got lost in unfamiliar-faceville.
This was an good cop show.  It did not deserve the quick pull the network gave it.  It was fun.  Sometimes it tried just a bit too hard to be funny and edge but it worked.  It was a good break at a time when there were 4 Law & Orders on TV.  If you get super bored on the treadmill I look for shows to pass the time.
This is a showcase for the lovely Kelly Reilly. Lovely as she is, without decent writing and direction, Ms Reilly cannot carry the load required to make Above Suspicion just that, above suspicion of being a hackneyed attempt at the usually honorably presented British police procedural. The writing fails to deliver credible dialogue. It fails again in its attempt to highlight Ms Reilly's gams and bosom by dressing her in NSFW tight skirts and blouses plus having her prancing through crime scenes in too high heels. Three stars because all of its many failures make it quite entertaining to the armchair critic. May have fared better if presented as a light sexual farce for the top-button set.
Not your normal police drama and is generally what I would call a 'Dark Movie', somber in tone.  Not sure where the writers are taking the TV show as they are into Season Two, working on the same murder where the lead officer has actually lost her badge and is still investigating.  Not too realistic.
I would not recommend this show.  It's all about her and her problems.  I got weary of hearing about her problems while the renovation was being done.  I wanted to hear discussion of the project.
I laughed at it a lot more than my wife did, but it was fun. I think the crystal skull had al the best lines. I'd go higher if the animation was something more appealing to me, but a good pilot.
equal operunity insult.if you like south park & family guy you will like Tosh.not much more to say
This is one of those shows that you watch when you don't really have anything else to watch.  It's just ok.  It's not one of those shows that will make you want to pick up your phone and tell a friend that they HAVE TO SEE how great this show is.  Once again, it's just ok.  I won't lose any sleep if there isn't a Season 2.
It's one thing to speculate; it's another to make a ridiculous statement: &#34;Moses was the only person to ever see God.&#34; Wow - hubris, move over! a new low in standards of broadcasting. This entire series has been great to watch (the Romans was excellent, and Martin Luther was too) but I stopped dead in my tracks and hit the stop button on the intro to this one - reading the other reviews, there's a lot to be avoided in this episode - I have no idea what they were thinking when they wrote this, but just bad writing ruined it. &#34;One nation conquered over and over was the Israelites; no people in history were more likely to be forgotten.&#34; What? Plain crap. Bad history. Not true, and it doesn't end there, they go on and on, and do very little objective &#34;history.&#34; Don't dump the series, just skip this clunker!
I am hard on horror films that insert children into the protagonist seat, either as the main or a supporting one. 9 out of 10 times the movie winds up with a PG13ish feel, if its not actually PG13, which is the kiss of death to horror in my book.  Guillermo del Toro, who I absolutely love as a director, has kind of lost me due to his seeming obsession with inserting a kid into everything. The Devil's Backbone (as well as Pan's Labyrinth) is one of those rare exceptions that actually works with a child protag. But then he just didn't know when to stop.Dark Touch starts out with a child protag but then by the end, has a protag/antag. That works much better for me. The film is dark, nothing feel good here, and is effective in that sense. I wouldn't say its scary/tense but there's a strongly developed atmosphere that hooks you right in. Despite its strenghts, I couldn't help but feel like I'd seen it before, though I hadn't. There's something verrry familiar about it, and its not Carrie!!!! (Like if it has to do with demonic possession, then everybody starts talking about"The Exorcist".)  Lazy thinking. Associate to the strongest memory and stop there.  The way it ended did invoke "Who Can Kill a Child" for me, though that was the ONLY thing about this film that would bring up that particular association. That's a great film (forget the stupid remake) and many may not have seen or heard of it, which is why I bring it up.  The familiar feeling I'm talking about has more to do with the lack of a novel vision that would make it stand out on its own.  Like what Session 9 did with its thematic content. Or Sinister. Each of those films fully actualized themselves: they are strongly defined on their own terms. Dark Touch is fuzzy, ill defined. Yet... its well done, and its mature horror- meaning that if you are put off by kids in horror (unless they are possessed, the antichrist, etc...) don't worry about that. You can go ahead and watch. Compared to the films I normally would rate a 3 "its ok" (not very inspiring), this one is more like "its adequate".  I guess a 3.5 would more accurately describe my feelings about it  And the fact that my review is as long as it is should tell you something. When I don't like something or think a film is just 'meh', it doesn't inspire me to say much more than that.
Not the worst show I have seen on Amazon pilots list, but clearly not the best.  I had no idea Babe N. was still alive - as an actor that is - yowsa!  Show was boring and unfunny.
Getting a bit weird now.  I think it is getting toward the end of my viewership.  The characters are compelling, but the story line is like &#34;Resurrection meets Fringe&#34;.
Story of JB who is running a failing sports agent agency.  When a potential client falls through he is unable to make the payment on his office. While watching Susan Boyle sing in a contest and some guys playing a game of cricket he wonders if he can have a contest to find a pitcher.He goes to India and sets up 'The Million $ Arm' throwing contest.  He finds two guys that have a little talent.  He brings them back to the United States for six months of training to get a Major League tryout and possible contract.
Even though I like the Robert Taylor, he can't save this season. The show keeps losing main characters without satisfying explanation. I don't like the new pub owner family, they're annoying. And the ending was too open-ended. I suppose it left it general for another season but just as well the series ended. Season 5 & 6 were kind of bland and sillier. I didn't really care about any of the characters anymore. Plus, the revolving door of priests was getting old.
I thought it was a bit dismal for me.  Tired of &#34;heavy&#34; tv shows, especially as I'm winding down and getting ready for bed.
Don't know where to begin.  Story was loose, characters not believable, relationship to boy hooker domineering, and just...wish I hadn't paid the two bucks to see it.
I don't know what people see in this one.  Provocative for the sake of being provocative, it seems, equals &#34;art&#34; these days.
Only watched one episode. it was too political for my taste. but i'll give another chance after I finish Game of Thrones.
The only good thing about this film is some of the death sequences, but this one is totally different from the previous two REC films. The other two were some of the best foreign films I had seen but this one is too campy and cheesy acting by some of the performers. Skip it and just stick with the first two.
There is something about this season that doesn't work for me... the setting all seem low budget, in studio. The fight scenes are worse than any previous season. No attention is being put into making the world feel real, but instead reads like a bad Marvel series...oh no...the end of the world.  Again.
I was crazy addicted to this series at first, but then there are these episodes, with too much conversation and not enough action.
This series has a lot of potential -- but I think it's too &#34;cutsey&#34; about half the time.  Wish it was more serious rather than trying to be cute.  Leaves a lot to be desired as far as I'm concerned.  So if you are looking for something to occupy your viewing time, guess this does the trick.
Kind of an interesting documentary. It took me a while to believe that it's a true story. It's hard to believe that any family like the Whites would allow themselves to be filmed. But maybe it's more like reality TV.
Very bloody. um. Didnt get too far...in.. Might not have given it much of a chance I guess on reflection. It just was very .. bloody.
I love the Ancient Aliens series but I think the producers spend too much time on what the &#34;experts&#34; they are questioning &#34;think&#34;.Who cares what they &#34;think&#34; past giving the viewer the HISTORY of the place they are talking about?I don't need to know &#34;the aliens probably did this blah blah blah.&#34;Just give me the facts as you know them, not your &#34;opinion&#34;.Just my 2 cents...............
Because we don't like it because it has rain because I did not like it didn't like that show no.
Wonderful show if you are an adolescent. If not then find something else to watch. The concept is funny but the show is not.
I was not going to pick this one up because recently I have been turned off with movies staring Robert Englund (Freddy Kruger) in the last couple of years as he seems to be getting a lot of roles in stinkers of movies.This one wasn't much better, however, as dumb and over the top as most of this movie was, by the time it was over, I had not been bored, I sat through the whole thing entertained, but when it was over, I think i said outloud a number of times "W.T.F did I just witness"?I'm going to hope they intended this to be a comedy, because if it was meant to be serious then the jokes on them. The plot of this whole movie is pretty weak, a group of the best of the best army group, which consist of 3 emo dorks with guns, a moron who likes to lick knives, a pretty wimpy looking guy trying to be a bad mofo'n leader... oh, and a Paris Hilton wanna-be all go into a facility that a zombie outbreak has leaked out in and they gotta go in and shoot all the zombies.... something goes wrong, one of the emo soldiers is bitten, and instead of getting his brains blown out, he escapes to a strip club that is supposed to be illegal (what was illegal about it?) and like any person bitten by zombies, he becomes one, then attacks the star of the strip club and she becomes a zombie too. The club owner (Englund) doesn't mind that his new zombie girl goes out & strips, then takes a victim backstage and doesn't just take tips, but eats them too, as well as converting the rest of the strippers into zombies along the way. As long as it's making him some money, it's ok with him... until it all gets out of control.Describing that made it sound like the plot is a bit more then I thought, but it's not really. The army group have got to be the most unconvincing army persona ever assembled, to believe those D&D; grand masters survived military is a joke in itself... but this film wasn't going for realism, just stupidity and humor.So I haven't really said anything positive about the film, the acting and plot are not much, so why let it slide with 3 stars? Well, as I said, it's not boring, it is watchable, and fairly entertaining for a humor that is something like a Troma film, but with a bigger budget.I probably would have only given it 2 stars, maybe 2 and a half, but there was one scene in this movie that I was laughing hysterically at... it's a scene between two of the zombie strippers having a shoot out to see who's the better zombie, and the typical ping pong ball trick comes into play, but you'll have to see for yourself how it's played out, and what happens next... it's too ridicules to not find funny. So that scene alone I gave an extra star to.And then there is the make up and puppet fx that are actually very convincing and a lot better then you would expect. I was impressed hearing that things like the decapitated head was actually a puppet, or mechanical head rather then a real actors head with his body removed later with CGI or something.For the pervs, yes there is plenty of skin to see, provided you like skinny, bony-looking women with implants, which i found to be about as un-erotic as the zombie strippers decaying bodies through the films.... actually, i think they looked better as zombies... anyway, the end really spoils the movie when the worlds dumbest army troups come back into the movie to give the worlds most confusing ending that partly makes little sense, but leaves you wondering, WTF WAS THAT ABOUT??? then you re-cap the film and think, WTF?????? and i'm sitting here typing this review still thinking, WTF WAS THAT???????
A successful prosecuting attorney goes out with his friends and they get him drunk. Stupidly he drives home and has an accident. Rather than stay and wait for the police or an ambulance he does a hit and run and now he must face the consequences of his actions.  He helps to free a man falsely accused of the hit and run only to find out the true story about the man he helped free.This film had potential but it just moves to slowly at times. I won't go into any spoilers but I just wish the director has made the film more interesting.  The movie is only 91 minutes long and that counts 10 minutes of credits. The plot has several twists and turns in it that would make it interesting but the acting just drags the movie down.In addition it is not believable as the ending is just silly.  A lawyer that commits at least 10 major felonies is happily at home with his family?  For me this is a 2 to 3 star movie but my wife liked it more than me and I'll make it a 3 star.
I started out loving the show even though I had to hide my eyes during the gory scenes (and there are LOTS) of them. But when many of the most interesting characters died, I just couldn't watch anymore. It became a downer for me, as if there were no hope for anyone. Ever.
I just gotta watch this show..I cannot figure it out. I mean it ismokay as far as entertainment goes, but something compels me to watchall episodes. Please help!
Playback (Michael A. Nickels, 2012)Playback has the dubious distinction of being the lowest-grossing domestically-released American film of 2012 (it made a grand total of $252, playing on one screen for a single week). It's not the worst film I've ever seen--in fact, it's only the third-worst film I've seen today (and you never know, it might get worse after this!)--but that doesn't mean I would suggest you get within ten feet of a streaming copy of it.We open in 1994, with a young chap named Harlan Diehl (Dogman's Luke Bonczyk) killing his entire family save his sister's baby before being shot by police. Fast-forward fifteen years, and a group of high-school students, working on a project for their journalism class, are investigating the Diehl murders, headed by  Julian Miller (Purgatory House's Johnny Pacar) and his girlfriend Riley (The Master's Ambyr Childers). Julian enlists his stoner buddy Quinn (Black Swan's Toby Hemingway) to "acquire" some information that only the local police have access to; Quinn has an in to the police department in the form of Detective Frank Lyons (Christian Slater), an ephebophilic detective who keeps Quinn rolling in dough--or illegally-swiped evidence on the Harlan Diehl case, it would seem--in exchange for hidden-camera nudie-cutie flicks of the local hot high school chicks. The problem is, when Quinn gets his hands on the tapes, he finds that Harlan Diehl's legacy extends beyond the grave...If you haven't figured out within ten minutes of this movie starting what happened to the baby from the opening sequence, you haven't seen enough horror movies. That sort of predictability, unfortunately, plagues this entire production. Once you know all the principal high school students, you should be able to pause the film, sit down, and sketch out a list of who's going to die when. And you know what? You'd probably be close enough to right to be extremely disappointed in this movie. And you have every right to be; Nickles, a character actor (probably best remembered for portraying Jim Morrison in Wayne's World 2) who abandoned the screen to go behind the camera, does absolutely nothing to meddle with the formula. This is depressing, because given some of the angles this movie adopts (it would probably contain a host of minor spoilers to go into any detail, but I will say that my favorite character in the film, Wylie, portrayed by Galaxy Quest's Darryl "Chill" Mitchell, is a video-store clerk and would-be film historian whom Julian finds himself consulting more and more as they get closer to uncovering the mystery of Harlan Diehl's motivations), Nickels had ample opportunity to bend some corners, kick some sandcastles, what have you. And he took none of them.It's not necessarily a bad movie, but it is an extremely frustrating one, boring, predictable, and full of potential that will forever go unrealized. If you do end up watching it, well, you have my condolences. *
I enjoyed watching this. It wasn't as funny as I'd hoped, but that's just writing. I'd watch another couple of episodes if it gets better. I enjoyed Goodman in this.
I liked the story but actors are at least supposed to be educated and all the cussing was completely unnecessary.
Judging from the reviews here, I did not have the same experience as the majority of viewers.  This show was good, but it felt predictable and lacked the comedic flow to keep me interested.  I wouldn't vote to cut the show, but I am not sure I would vote to keep it either.  My great concern for this show lies in the directing.  I feel that the director has failed to capture the true personalities of the cast.  As a result the lines, while well written and delivered, failed to have the impact necessary to make this a truly great show.  I will watch the next episode with an open mind; show me what I missed.
POMPEIICertain stories love being told.  And each time we tell them we sit raptured staring at the screen as the latest technology allows the story to be told in even new and more fabulous ways.  Still, we know how &#8220;Titanic&#8221; ends but we&#8217;ll all line up to see the next iteration of the doomed ship.  We also know how &#8220;Pompeii&#8221; ends and each iteration is born when new technology takes hold.  Pompeii was first told using the silent moving pictures technology of 1913 and not retold until the talkie sound version of 1935.  Then in 1959 it was told in the technology of the day, Eastmancolor.  Jump 40 years into the future and we have CGI and digital special effects.  Woo hoo.Ah the good ole days.  When London is still just an outer province of Rome and a sound sleep after a three day hunt is interrupted by invasion from Roman soldiers under the leadership of soon to be Senator Kiefer Sutherland who kills your family and takes you to Rome to be raised as a finely sculpted slave gladiator.  And through the magic of screenwriting the finally crafted gladiator meets a &#8220;Lady&#8221; on their march to Pompeii.  It&#8217;s been a long walk from Rome but now they&#8217;re home at the base of Mt. Vesuvius which wants to be the Roman version of the Hamptons and where Latin has a distinct British accent.  Fill the set with items from a Toscano catalogue and let the fun begin.I do not appreciate gratuitous violence or sex.  But when your cast must include gladiators it must include both and it is not gratuitous.  The violence moves the story forward instead of filling time and it teaches us about the mercy of the different players.Ah Pompeii &#8211; we see her not in her final days as we expect but in her birth pangs as the soon to be vaction spot of Romans of a certain class.  And who wouldn&#8217;t love to see Keifer Sutherland in a role that requires him to actually speak instead of whisper act.  In fact his performance as Senator is pure joy as the cynical Roman investor who has come to Pompeii on a sort of time share weekend in the Poconos where his hosts are trying to impress him that the Emperor would, indeed, be very smart to invest in the soon to be mecca of Earthly delights.  The rumbling mountain that fills the sky is simply the God Vulcan who apparently is pleased the evil Senator has come to spend the weekend.  Stay for dinner and you&#8217;ll be writing a check by bed time, especially if that bedtime involves you whisper acting your amorous intentions towards your host&#8217;s young daughter, the &#8220;Lady.&#8221;  Hospitality is a Roman virtue after all.  And you just have to know the Aristocrat&#8217;s lovely &#8220;Lady&#8221; daughter and the slave gladiator are bound to &#8220;color outside the lines.&#8221;  Yeah that&#8217;s what it&#8217;s called.  And all the while the mountain rumbles.  The smartest creatures in the film seem to be the horses and gosh darn it wouldn&#8217;t you know it; our hot, sweaty, chiseled  gladiator slave is also a horse whisperer.Many dead Romans later Vesuvius enters stage center and it&#8217;s a grand scene as the decadence is washed away by fire and we understand how we&#8217;ve been shown the backstory to the statues of the lovers discovered at the actual site.  Very satisfying piece of work.  Not groundbreaking, not original, per se and certainly not a contender for any award come award season but you know what?  Not every film has to be an award winner to be entertaining.
Ed Bagley is superb in this show.  Show overall is good just a lot of tech and to tell the truth think social media with everyone spilling there guts is the stupidest thing ever invented.....along with reality TV!
I really wasn't pulled into this show. It took far too long to set up the story and the only reason I didn't turn away was because I enjoy supporting Amazon Prime Pilot season and giving my feedback. Plus, I was too lazy to go searching for something else to watch. The characters were OK, but I found some of them way too cliched. Like the Mr. Ireland character who drank and cursed like a sailor. How original? I wasn't sure why the main actress was French either, seeing as it's set in the US and doesn't add anything to the show. The stronger leads were the established actors like Sharon Lawrence, Aldis Hodge and, surprisingly, Jamie Kennedy. There were things about the story that made no sense like the loss of time from when they entered the elevator to when they escaped. Why the hotel security guy was able to be paid off for taking the French actress up to her hotel room? If it's really the end of the world, what good is money? Also, why was no one allowed up to their hotel room, and all the floors were empty but the lobby was overrun with guests coming and going? Where were they coming from? Little details like that really bother me. Anyway, back to the concept of the show. I'm not sure what the concept is to be honest. It's not clearly spelled out in the pilot what is happening, or what the goal is of all these characters thrown together. Are they going to be living in that huge mansion together, or off in the woods? How will they survive? Is this an alien invasion or terrorism? Either way, I simply don't care. And that's the sad part! I don't really care enough about these characters to tune back in. I've seen far better shows over the years that have successfully set up their concept and established likeable characters from the beginning with a mix of action, suspense, comedy, and drama, such as: Sliders, Torchwood, The X-Files, Eureka, and Supernatural to name a few; so I'm not interested in wasting my time here. This was a dud to me.
Whining.  Complaining.  Meaningless drama.  Wealthy women who--without their money--would be street walking, on welfare, cleaning bathrooms, in jail, on drugs in an alley, or in the grave wasting good earth.There is nothing redeeming about this show.  It is an excellent example of how American society breeds the most useless of human beings and exploits them.If you are training up kids, show them an episode or two so that they understand what &#34;the bottom&#34; is that a human being can hit.
Julia is Julia. What else is there to say. If you love her, then you'll like this too. I watched more for nostalgia sake.
yes agree with everybody well done Terrible Picture Perfect Horror yes is a terrible horrible horror movie...cheap low budget movie, no head or feet nothing.. this guy try to speaks like Marlon Brando but is terrible terrible, terrible FX, terrible places, terrible actors, terrible dialogue..worst than SCI FI.....one of the worst movies I ever seen in my entire life...terrible terrible...
I actually watched the entire show. It was a bit cheesy,  but that kinda added to the over all enjoyment of the show. The story was good, the acting was okay and the rest of it was good.Will I watch it again? I think that I would, but I would not pay to watch it again.
How depressing. I'm tired of all these unsolved missing person cases with no resolution. I've seen too many of these sorts of mysteries and want a show about all the people that are found and how the detectives or whoever was involved went about it. The police should bring in a good psychic in some of these seemingly hopeless cases. They might be able to help. I feel terrible for the families and friends who suffer this terrible unsolved loss and it's just too upsetting to watch anymore. My heart goes out to them.
Being from the South myself, folks have to understand that the witches of the South, especially when they go through menopause, want to control everybody and everything around them, because they no longer have a life.I believe they all need to find something constructive to do.  Volunteer, take up horseback riding, go back to school....something!Every time I see Kandi's mother, I am reminded of someone who not only looks like her, but acts like her too.  And claims she is a Christian.Chile please.Bettering yourself means you're an opportunist??? Then that means all you heifers and your husbands are opportunists. Be real folks, its as if black folks are not supposed to want to get ahead without somebody putting a negative spin on it.And I have hung out with Christopher Williams. Nice guy, but he did his own share of whoring.
How to tell when a movie is below budget cheap.(1.) No subtitles for either English or people with hearing problems.(2.) Intro that makes no intelligent sense to anyone with a high school or above educational background. NASA finds alien life forms in our solar system which have been identified as "the writer's of  this movie". NASA decides to bring said alien life back to Earth who start out looking remarkably like common wood decay fungi (e.g. Trametes versicolor) but then acquire the anatomy of an ocean dwelling cross between a jellyfish and a squid. Unfortunately for our alien writers who never passed 10th grade biology or 9th grade physical science the physics of this anatomy is mechanically unsustainable walking about on the surface of Earth.(3.) Handheld cinematography that looks like something your Neanderthal relatives took while touring deteriorating industrial, trash and natural disaster wreckage in Central America. Really really bad/cheap CGI on our poor stranded jellysquid. The jellysquid's agent should be fired or eaten.(4.) Actors with the emotional impact of the above mentioned fungi and the dialogue capacity of seven monosyllabic words per edited scene.(5.) Props in the movie consisted mostly of road signs that said "Infection Area"; fungi on trees; army surplus gas masks; a crane to lift a truck then drop it which is edited to make it seem like the aforementioned jellysquid did it.(6.) Whale sound effects that unfortunately for our alien writers, had they spent $10 to hire a marine biologist they would have found out, that for the most part are of a frequency pattern that works primarily under water. Which brings up the question of what planet in our solar system did these creatures come from?(7.) It takes 45 minutes into this handheld travelogue before anything interesting happens and another 45 minutes to hope it ends quicker.
As football fans, my husband and I were excited at the promise of a football comedy.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  I gave it two stars, my husband said he would have given it three.  The jokes are way too forced, 3/4 of the acting is bad, and I just don't see how they will pull off this premise for an entire season, let alone multiple seasons.  Let me guess; they'll have a difficult start to the season, lots of interpersonal relationship issues between the teammates and administrative staff as they struggle to find common ground with a female owner and a soft-spoken boy next door GM who eventually win them over, so eventually they'll bond and somehow fight their way to the top.  And then what?  I could see it as a cheesy sports movie, but not a television show.  They're just trying too hard.  If they do decide to continue it, play down the whole woman as a football owner premise (I mean come on, it's 2014, a woman in power isn't a shocker anymore - and acting like it is insulting) and for the love of god, cut the puffy hair off the lead male character.
It started out really good. However, they seemed to turn away from the story and more toward visual effects.  Still though, it's not totally bad and at least in the beginning worthwhile to watch.
This movie had so many pieces that did not fit that it is a wonder anyone would actually invested money in its making.  The script is adolescent and the acting is terrible.  The idea that aliens have taken over the minds of a relatively small group of humans who will make a rock song record with a poorly concealed subliminal message that will cause young people to rise up and change the world into some undefined utopia is so silly that I must assume that whoever wrote this must have suffered from some malady that precluded any logical thinking.  If you are over 12 years old skip this one.
"Why is he doing this?!!" After finally getting up the nerve to talk to the girl he likes David (Geraghty) is excited to be driving Emily (Eve) home. When his friend Corey (Peck) crashes his date and asks to stop at the ATM machine he is counting down the minutes till he can get Emily alone. After getting out the cash they turn around and notice a stranger starting at them. Their night takes a deadly turn. To start with this is not a bad movie at all. I like the movies like this where it takes an everyday activity and introduces terror into it. The big problem with this is that after a half hour it seemed to run out of ideas and kept repeating itself over and over. The one thing that really saved this and made it enjoyable was the end. This is not a typical "Hollywood" ending and that helped the movie a lot. If you liked "Devil" or "Phonebooth" then you will also like this one. This is worth a watch. Overall, a tense but also repetitive thriller that is worth watching. Ending is great & disturbing. I give it a B.
I've seen hardcore porno movies with FAR superior stories, characters, dialog, acting and directing than this POS.  This so-called movie fails on ALL accounts.  Hard to believe once-talented people like Ellis, Schrader and Lohan could make total crap like this.  A sad sad end to otherwise notable careers.  Avoid this miserable failure of a &#34;movie&#34; at all costs.
I think this show is only for people wholike extreme fiction.  The show seemsto be well done, just not my style.
Plot is not that amazing or original ...it is the same as the FEAST 1,2,& 3 movies!!!5 campers/ hikers ,..im not sure ..and their not sure if they are on a hike or going to camp...wasnt clear to audience.stumble upon a wild creature ,which herds them to a cabin in the woods with 3 other traped persons.None of the 8 hikers or campers have a firearm or even think to arm themselves ,...they simply argue alot and run around emotionless at the loss of their loved ones..I watch creature features simply to see.....(THE CREATURE)....this one was pretty good not being CIG,...but still had the same look to it as the monster in the films  (FEAST 1,2,& 3) & (CREATURE),...which prooves the point,... a good, original, movie monster is hard to create !!!The acting for the most part  is horible and the plot is real simple,...(animal/creature) traps people in cabin ,..people panic,....animal/creature eats people,...The worst character/actress gets away....more animals/creatures left in the woods..Its ok...if you just want to watch a creature feature to pass the time.Nothing original here!!
I'm not involved in the IT world so I think Geeks, Nerds & Techies are leaving the positive feedback because they relate more. I get the sarcastic banter & wit....but I didn't have that LOL moment that I thought I would. It fell flat & left me disappointed. I can see people relating to this show....but not me. On to the next.
Over-the top in sexual situations, overdrawn characters and thin, improbable plots.Some of the writing is good, and the thoughts of the main character are a lot like a teen thinks, but I think it's inappropriate for the target age. It seems like the series can't decide if it wants to be a comedy, a serious and believable show, or just teasing entertainment.
I really liked Gary Cole.....he did a good job in this movie....but Fatal Vision....another true military officer who killed his entire family....was better. While creative liberties were taken regarding the retelling of Canadian Air Force commander Russell Williams....this movie does give you the basics of the case. The &#34;Tweed Creeper&#34; as papers nicknamed him......went from stealing underwear.....to leaving frightening notes.....to attacks where he photographed his victims in different underwear attire.....to then actually killing. One woman he killed....he knew from the base. This man was in charge of the safety of many Canadian elites and visiting dignitaries....even at one point...the Royals. He was a flight specialists when Prince Charles and Princess Di visited Canada and for the Queen as well. All the while...while it took years....he developed into a cereal killer. This was an okay made for tv movie. If you have time to kill....watch it. If your time is precious....look for another flick.
"I'm not the same man you chased away all those years ago. Find my daughter!" Years after he left Damascus under suspicious circumstances, Adib Abdel Kareem (Siddig) returns when he finds out that his daughter has gone missing. When he meets people from his past he is forced not only to confront his earlier life consequences but also find his daughter before its too late. This is a movie that is good, fast moving and worth watching, but also a little generic. There really isn't much to say about this one. Father finds out his daughter is missing, he is forced to seek help from those he has had previous problems with, encounters resistance. I did like the movie and I do think it's worth watching and while it is pretty tense I found that the daughter storyline seemed to have gotten lost in the jumble of what was going on. When you watch that will make sense. Overall, a movie that is good and well worth checking out but it is a tad generic. I give it a B.
I didn't care for the first few episodes where our hero was in prison having hallucinations and such...but it's really picked up since he got out.
At the risk of tooting my own horn, I'm comfortable admitting that I'm far more forgiving of these "found footage" films than most reviewers.  I've no problem saying that I've enjoyed the PARANORMAL ACTIVITY franchise, even find them modestly creative in their own way.  Also, that APOLLO 18 flick wasn't all that much a failure, certainly not so much as the critics would have you believe.  And, yeah, even THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT had some solid inspiration behind its formula to recreate an episode of `The Twilight Zone' on a very low budget.  And as much as I wanted to give AREA_407 kudos for bringing that unique `found footage' perspective into monster and/or science fiction, I really wish someone would've showed these filmmakers how to use a tripod or a track mount for much of it.See, AREA_407 - for all its strengths - I found very difficult to watch.  The camera's constant bobbing and weaving and shaking and climbing and arcing and dropping became nauseating by the second half.  At 90 minutes, that's a bit too long for the average viewer to stomach without a healthy dose of Dramamine to tide him over.  The chief problem - unlike some of the other forays into `found footage' - is that quite a bit of AREA_407 takes place at night, in very confined settings, and under the tightly focused spotlight beam on a video camera.  You don't have anything to look away at, to momentarily refocus your field of vision, and, as a result, you're forced to concentrate on a screen too intently for too long a time.After boarding a plane on New Year's Eve, two sisters begin videotaping their encounters with fellow passengers.  It doesn't take long for the audience to realize that this plane is going down.  Once on the ground (and for reasons that really defy storytelling logic), the girls continue videotaping their continuing attempts to frustrate those bruised and bloodied around them by capturing it all on videotape.  And, once it becomes clear that they're being hunted one-by-one for what would appear to be dinner by some monster, they still maintain the presence of mind to keep videotaping it all, each and every painful second.  Now, I realize some could make the argument that the girls didn't know the video camera was on - that maybe they were only using it for the light - but the problem that they keep admitting to videotaping EVERYTHING debunks that argument.And that's what's a shame about AREA_407: I really WANTED to love it.  Not only does it have everything a good `found footage' flick should have, it's also composed of equal parts LOST (the TV show) and JURASSIC PARK and CLOVERFIELD.  These folks are trapped - in the dark - and there's a monster out there.  No, they don't quite know what it is, but they see it in fleeting shots of light, and, thus, they can confirm that it's big, it's scary, and it's hungry.  And it isn't going away!  It's an edge-of-your-seat thrill much of the time ... but, creatively, it should've gone the way of `found footage' films like DISTRICT 9 did.  They should've used `found footage' for only the parts of the film that needed it; then, when it became a traditional monster movie, they should've laid the handi-cam aside and used traditional film equipment.  They still could've preserved the `shock' ending by going back to `found footage,' and, in my estimation, they would've had a modest hit on their hands.  All of the right ingredients were here ... they just had them in incorrect amounts.AREA_407 was produced by Suzanne DeLaurentiis Productions and Cloud Nine Pictures.  DVD distribution is being handled by MPI Media Group.  How does it look?  Well, I think I've covered that in pretty great detail, no?  How does it sound?  For the most part, I had no problem with the audio.  Sure, given the nature of the method the filmmakers decided to tell their story, there's some predictable and deliberate problems with it.  Sadly, there are no special features to speak of on the disc.  Shame on you, filmmakers.  Shame on you.RECOMMENDED with modest reservations.  I'm giving it a solid two-and-one-half stars based on the finished product, but I do so not without warning.  As I've tried to make abundantly clear, this is one of them there "found footage" variety flicks.  If you're not into the herky-jerky camerawork, then AREA_407 is probably not for you because the herky and the jerky are front and center throughout all of it.  Still, there's a great story here - with some truly great scares - all given respectable life through the magic of film.  When someone remakes this, let's hope they get it right.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the good folks at MPI Media Group provided me with a DVD screener copy of AREA_407 by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
I really really wanted to like this pilot.  I love all things apocalyptic so I was super excited to see this in my list.  However, I only made it through maybe 20 minutes before I turned it off.  I don't know if the script sucked or the actors sucked but the line delivery was bad, the lines themselves were bad and I had zero investment in any of the characters.  There's the French actress with the perfect husband/child and flawless morals who also happens to be beautiful.  The rich old white lady who whines a bit much for my taste.  The expensive call girl who takes offense at being called a hooker.  The handsome attorney.  The incompetent Latina cop and of course, the black prison escapee who is brave beyond comparison, smart beyond belief and keeps his word when all others wouldn't have.....I waded through 20 minutes of bad character development and even worse plot development before I changed the channel.  Needless to say, I was disappointed.
Not so much great.  A bit outrageous, but then again it is the Onion.  Some of the one liners in there were hysterical &#34;Congress fights to give the right to fetus to carry automatic weapons.&#34;  Other than that, meh.  I'd watch another few episodes to see where it heads.
End-of-world scenarios are always fun to watch and think about afterwards&#8212;there are so many avenues to go down and so much raw potential! I'm also a huge X-Files (Chris Carter) fan, so I had high expectations going into this.After watching, I'm pretty disappointed in the quality of this pilot. Where it falls completely flat is with the acting and dialog. The characters are incredibly cliche&#8230;nearly every line made me want to facepalm. Also, there was a bit too much emphasis on her phone in this episode&#8212;honestly, what's up with that???The creatures at the end looked pretty cool, and I would definitely watch the second episode just to find out what's going on here (hence my 3/5 rating). But overall, I would've liked to have been able to buy into the storyline more. It's really difficult to immerse yourself in a good story when all the characters are just so annoyingly fake.
Is this show about nature or about man involving himself in nature. In episode 1 a terrible narrator who talks way too much throughout the documentary speaks for 15 minutes about how he is within 15 meters of the eagle and the eagle is staring at him. Episode 2 is about a lonely man that raises a dozen wild turkeys from birth. You never actually learn anything except that the man is sad when he loses his turkeys. This show seems more about the people filming them than about nature.
I am still not sure what happened with the guy and with the sister but all in all, this is good creepy fare and well acted by a cast that you may or may not know.
Not what I thought it would be...name is a little misleading. Perhaps I should have thought about it before selecting it for review.
Boring, boring and boring. The script look like a recreation of a classic  mexican movie but is not. This  movie is worst.
Turned it off after 20 minutes. I couldn't get past the reporter's incredibly annoying narration. Her voice was just awful. Like? everything? was? a? question? you? guys?  And most irritating of all, she couldn't keep her tongue in her mouth. That's right. It was just hanging out of her mouth ALL THE TIME. Like a big, gross pink slug. Whoever was responsible for casting this crap should seriously consider a career change.
This is another show with an interesting premise and likable characters, but they overuse the whole animal head thing and the cutesy German language stuff. Seriously, a werewolf is a werewolf. It's not a bad show per se, and I really like the police captain character and his story arc, but I have trouble getting past the goofy transformations all the time.
This show has potential and the cast is good but the amount of musical numbers in 25 minutes is borderline annoying.  I am a huge fan of Glee so I do like musicals/singing but this was almost every other scene during the episode.  I started to like a few characters and wouldn't mind another episode to see if the chemistry develops and also what storyline(s) would begin.  This pilot really borderlines on yes/no on whether it should move forward and nothing is swaying from either side right now.
It was nice to see some new content & i did enjoy  watching it.But it was not a fun as last year x-mass story. but still workth watching.Not appropiate for little kids.. teh snomen woudl be too scary for them.-Alex
Audiences have shown a benign fascination with films involving torture.  Online critics are quick to associate much of this to the SAW franchise - puzzle pictures all centered around a mysterious puppetmaster who puts his players through increasingly gruesome physical ordeals - but methinks it's probably gone on since legitimate splatter films built an audience throughout the 1970's and early 80's.  One things for certain: if you're no cringing or looking away, then you're possibly drawn into the relentless twists that produce harm, fractures, and bloodflow.  And, if that's your thing, you'd do well to pick up a copy of WOULD YOU RATHER.  It may not end up being more than a passing favorite, but you could do worse with 93 minutes, that's for sure.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)Iris (played with curious detachment by Brittany Snow) finds herself desperate to make ends meet when she gives up her college career in order to care back home for her terminally ill brother.  Distraught further to learn that she's no match to his needed blood marrow transplant, she responds to a telephone call from his doctor with a great surprise: a millionaire philanthropist named Shepard Lambrick (Jeffrey Combs) believes he may be able to offer the young woman an opportunity to see all of her prayers answered.  Lambrick asks Iris to join her at his estate for a dinner, where she and others will be appealing to the Lambrick Foundation.  The catch: only one of those in dire need can and will be helped.WOULD YOU RATHER begins much like it sounds, presenting the ultimate `what if' scenario to dinner guests all hoping for assistance.  They've all been told previously that, after their meal, they'll be taking part in a game to determine which of them will be the lucky winner, and, on that level, the film tries hard to appeal to even the audience's benevolence: clearly, this "game" can't be all that it's been made out to be, and these guests find themselves essentially in a sadist's version of `truth or dare' that more likely resembles `dare or dare.'  One by one, they're offered two choices - harm yourself or harm the person on your left (or right) - and, as much as writer Steffen Schlachtenhaufen and director David Guy Levy would have you believe they've crafted a game of wills, it's hardly that.  Simply put, it can't be a true game of wills when a player is forced to choose between two truly bad choices.The story tries to work toward some depth of individual convictions: where it fails is that we're only truly given Iris's background - in fact, we're shown what her life looks like with flashbacks featuring her and her brother - so the other guests at the table never become more than just other guests at the table.  There are hints to some of the obstacles they're possibly facing, but, as the narrative device gives viewers little chance to understand or identify them, they end up being nothing more than hapless victims slowly draining the life from one another.  Sure, there may be some nice ensemble chemistry, but, without any emotional attachment to these other players, it ends up feeling a bit flat.What does work is Combs' palpable menace.  He commands the screen whenever he's there - having followed his career since the 80's, I've always had some respect for his obvious theatricality.  It's nice to see him getting some material that, despite its weaknesses, truly gives him something to do.  As a character, one could argue he's far more interesting than even Ms. Snow (the obvious lead), but, again, a somewhat hackneyed script never produces much hint of substance as to what's made the nefarious Mr. Lambrick into the nefarious Mr. Lambrick.  Villains without motivation work only in thrillers, but they're soon lost to memory once it all fades to black.Lastly, there's a clever little twist brought up in the film's closing sequences.  From what little I've read (in other critiques), it appears to have generated a modest amount of controversy, some claiming it kinda/sorta negates the whole message inherent in what came before it (the twist).  I'd argue that that's far from the case; rather, I see it at instilling yet another lesson to those who "play" with life in the way that these fortunate and unfortunate dinner guests did.  It's far too precious to be reduced to a `what if.'  Too bad that's something the screenwriter missed when he conceived of all this.WOULD YOU RATHER (2012) is produced by Periscope Entertainment and Social Construct.  DVD distribution is being handled through MPI Media Group.  As for the technical specifications, it all looks and sounds very solid throughout.  As for the special features, there's an audio commentary track featuring the director and writer along with a poster gallery (???) and the theatrical trailer: it's a small collection, but it's there for those inclined to explore the subject matter further.RECOMMENDED.  If I can give you no better reason to see this indie killer/thriller, then it would be to watch the incomparable Jeffrey Combs as the undeniably demented Shepard Lambrick.  WOULD YOU RATHER go back and watch him in RE-ANIMATOR?  Or what of his spectacularly nuanced work as Weyoun the Vorta on STAR TREK: DEEP SPACE NINE?  Or how about his wonderful turn on USA Network's THE 4400?  He's a master of his craft, and, if anything, WOULD YOU RATHER gives him some appropriate scenery to chew as a sadist with a mission: to play a game with the lives of the players truly in the balance.  He's the ultimate `dungeon master' in this contemporary spin on THE MOST DANGEROUS GAME - the ringleader in the most bizarre circus you'll ever see.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group and IFC Films provided me with a DVD copy of WOULD YOU RATHER by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
I only caught a few episodes of this while my girlfriend was watching it.  It's just not my thing.  Weird spur of the moment singing with awful pseudo-adult drama.
I love the high school kids, I love the music . . . so much I found my eyes misting up. Ya . . . and I want them to win the Glee Club competition sooooo much.I've fallen in love . . .Hey . . . I'm a vet, I love military history, The Alien Trilogy, The Terminator Trilogy and Battlestar Galactica. I want to see the wall pasted with the bad guys.Can this really be happening . . . :)Note: At this moment I am pretty disappointed. I cancelled my subscription to Glee . . . the pilot was definitely a 4 star in my book. But the following series went downhill, IMO. The music changed, the plot seemed to get muddled and uninteresting. But especially the music . . . totally different. Mostly an obscure collection of semi-modern lyrical. Just disappointing
few minutes of this, which was a very brief overview of the show ~ I would have to see a couple episodes in order to have a different opinion.
I watched this movie and dang it, there was something that was "off"  it appeared to me to be very light on science and such but very heavy on propaganda.  Certain regions of the world were entirely missing from the "studies" so how can that be definite proof?One has to wonder about cherry picking to achieve certain "results" is that science or ???? Oh yeah, if you actually read the end credits and then web search those names the majority have ties to the meat industry as currently operating in the USA.While I don't hate this movie, I do feel that it is misleading in several areas and that it actually does a disservice to those who are actively seeking accurate information.
I just didn't think it was very funny. The writing wasn't bad, just some of the acting left something to be desired.
Not At All Interesting, Highly Inaccurate, Offensive to Real Musicians -- Seriously, you have better things to do with your time, and there are plenty of other things to watch in this genre.
In my opinion, this movie left so much out. And it is rather disappointing that the stories are quite different.  Still, this was not a bad movie.  As others have said, the first half is the better half.  I fail to see the fuss over Ryan Goslin. He was horrible in this movie and as far as I know, I have never seen him in anything else and never heard of him before seeing this flick.  Kirsten Dunst alwasy seems to bring her A+ game even when the scripts are lame.The movie could have been much better if they would have just left the "true" story disclaimer out and brought it to a solid end.  After Katherine's disappearance, the movie falls flat on its face and makes no sense at all.  No attempts to revive it were made.
This is one of my few negative comments because Taken 2 has been out long enough that it should be offered for streaming with prime. This extended preview was a mistake. I thought it was the real show disappointing.
The pilot is well done but I'm not a fan of this genre. Do we really need another show about the chaos at the end of civilization?  Invest your energy in something more positive for humanity.
All pretty much the same after you've seen one.  I feel for these families, but I cannot believe they don't know they are about to be intervened! So much unreality to this reality show
Sorry to say tht Elijah does not make a convincing piano player.
I wanted to like this show, but it was just so incredibly bad.  The story is poorly executed in the very crucial sense that there's very little true drama, no intensity, no suspense, no humor, no heart, very little action.  In short, the story lacks the absolute critical elements (or ingredients) that go into good story-telling and consequently the show was not entertaining.  The only real story seemed to be the supposedly-friendly-acting-but-really-sinister aliens (aka the Visitors or the Vees) have some super secret evil plan that a handful of humans and "truly friendly" aliens are trying to reveal and stop.  That single lone storyline takes up the entire season and it flimsily and boringly drags on and on and on for the entire first season with a few vapid sub-stories thrown in.  So the season was really boring since the story never seemed to progress, mature or truly go anywhere.  Watching it was frustrating.  And making matters worse is the fact that all the characters are boring and uninteresting--the FBI agent, the Priest, the hammy over-the-top Mercenary-type, the friendly "black guy" alien--are all boring.  The writing is so weak on this show.  The acting is bad.  The SFX are bad--I've never seen worse green screen SFX shots on any TV show.  For a truly good SCI-FI TV re-make, check out the re-do/re-make of "Battlestar Galactica" (Seasons 1-3).  That was an excellent re-make of an older SCI-FI TV show.  This remake of V is a colossal disappointment.
Wasn't what I thought it would be. A little slow and took awhile to figure out the story line.Hope second season is better.
Anybody who has seen &#34;Heroes&#34; will immediately know the basic outlines of this show. It's about a group of humans with superpowers who fight criminals, but with an attempt to make the superheroes more realistic rather than like comic book characters.The show is entertaining. It never really rises to greatness though. Three things held it back. First, it seems too familiar, almost like a &#34;Heroes Lite.&#34; There's nothing that really makes the show stick out, except perhaps David Strathairn, who defies the stereotypes as an elderly, kindly leader who lacks superpowers.Second, the show never seemed like it was going anywhere. Like a modern serials, which seem obsessed with continuity, the show keeps dropping hints about a bigger mystery but seldom provides resolution. Some villains disappear from the picture without use even knowing who they were or why they were such a threat. We do get some character development, especially with the female characters, but the male characters seem stuck in place. Some characters seem to just pop up once or twice but don't seem to really drive anything further.Finally, the ensemble doesn't fully work. There are a lot of things I like about the characters. They seem much more real and grounded than most TV sci-fi characters. Also, I'm glad they didn't choose a bunch of supermodels for all of the roles (the actors are attractive but not supermodels). Individually, the characters work pretty well.Unfortunately, collectively it seems like there are cliques, as if they don't all work as a team. The show seemed to have trouble finding good situations for the male and female characters to work together. Some pairings worked (like Bill and Gary), but rather than following a team I almost felt like I was watching several small groups with a loose connection to each other.Overall, I'd recommend the show for fans of dramatic sci-fi (or if you loved &#34;Heroes&#34;), but go in with realistic expectations.
Perhaps not the best book to adapt into a movie.  Seemed choppy and didn't work well.  I like many movie adaptations but in this case I'd say the book is about 10x more entertaining.
VANISHING ON 7TH STREET is a dark, dreary look at what transpires after an enigmatic catastophic event that has unexplicably resulted in the vanishing of all forms of life--and not just on 7th street.As expected, there are five survivors:  a young TV anchorman, a distraught mother, a teenage boy whose vanished mom runs the cafe where most of the action occurs, a lonely movie projectionist and a mysterious little girl.  And lots of menacing shadows and whispering voices.  Early on, we're given hints of the lost colony of Roanoke; "dark matter" and the approach of a strange storm.  Are any of these responsible for the vanishing?  We don't really find out--that lack of resolution annoys me--I'd like SOME kind of resolution.Director Brad Anderson (THE MACHINIST, SESSION 9) evinces some minor atmospheric chills but not much true terror.  The cast is adequate:  Hayden Christensen is a stalwart hero; Thandie Newton is strong as the mother; Jacob Latimore is a fresh change from the usual badass streetwise teen, but John Leguizamo's surprisingly good in his low-level performance.  Similar territory is covered in the lamentable THE HAPPENING, but at least they offered "SOMETHING" as a reason for the occurrences, albeit pretty lame.Ultimately, the movie never catches fire and seems longer than it is.
Nice idea for this show -- a real comedian (instead of a vanilla entertainer) leading the audience through a clip show.  But the producers spend way too much time on Tosh and not enough on the real content.
My children, both teens, were very excited to watch this movie and both of them were barely able to finish it, and I don't think they would have if it hadn't been for putting down their own money to watch it. The story had promise, even with poor writing, but the differing levels of skills on the acting were at times distracting and at other times annoying. Simple not very believable. Unfortunately, my daughter (13), noticed it on prime this week and she said, &#34;What a complete waste of money.&#34;.
Pilot was a slow to get going, but finished well.  If you like family dynamic drama's, then this is for you.
Anthony Edwards carries this show so well that I actually thought it was a good show for two and a half episodes.  After that, I personally found the show ridiculous.  I have yet to see a good versus evil, end of the world show that doesn't wander into the ridiculous. This script is reaching so far for something stupendous that it overinflates.  It was already wobbling by the third episode, and I expect it will collapse into a feeble squeak at the end.  As strong an actor as he is, Anthony Edwards just can't carry the poor script plus the mediocre abilities of the friends.
There is no substance to this show.  It just shows some kids interacting in a large room, but what is it about.  Supposedly they are very smart; however, we never see any evidence of it.  I'll leave it to some young high school age folks to enjoy.  I'd expect to see some real antics like on &#34;Real Genius&#34;, the movie.
I love the background flasbacks but they are more interesting than the show. Im hoping the show gets better. There is not much left to flash back to for me to keep watching....
It wasn't exactly easy to make it to the end of the tone deaf comedy "Lay The Favorite." When I got there, though, I was in for a huge shock. The credits rolled and I realized that Stephen Frears was responsible for directing this! In case you haven't heard of him, the Oscar nominee has orchestrated some truly great films including The Queen, The Grifters, and Dangerous Liaisons. Well nothing could be further from these excellent films than this flight of fancy. Based on a true story, an expose on the world of gambling by Beth Raymer, the plot had the potential to be absolutely fascinating. In fact, I'd love to read Raymer's memoir. I think it would be very enlightening. But instead of a hard hitting drama, Frears has removed any sense of reality from the picture. I don't care that he wanted to make something light and comedic, but this isn't serious enough for a drama, funny enough for a comedy, informative enough for gambling enthusiasts, or rich enough in character so that anyone might actually care about what happens. In short, the movie has no idea what it wants to be and that is very apparent.Rebecca Hall plays the central character as a chirpy stripper who is simultaneously brilliant and clueless. She dreams of the big time, she wants to be a waitress in Las Vegas! She gets involved, instead, with an odds-maker played by Bruce Willis. She's a natural at the game and soon becomes invaluable to the operation. Willis's wife (Catherine Zeta-Jones) doesn't like the closeness between the two and this causes much friction. As Hall sets out on her own, she gets into some trouble from which she may not be able to extricate herself. Hint: It involves Vince Vaughn. It just might require a little help from her friends and a caper is afoot. And boy, there's no stopping this crew when they are joined!One of my biggest issues with "Lay The Favorite" is that it is all over the map in tone. And none of it really works, nothing is developed in enough depth to get you involved. Even the gambling aspect of the picture is lackluster and pedestrian. I never cared about anything that happened. Willis seems to be sleepwalking, Hall is positively grating, and everyone else is pretty much wasted. Hall has a love affair with Joshua Jackson, but we never know the first thing about him. The character development is so sketchy as to be virtually non-existent. A few of the smaller roles scored and Zeta-Jones has presence. The experience, for me, had no real laughs, no real danger, no real romance. I've certainly been a fan of Frears, Willis and Zeta-Jones in other projects. Here, though, I'm hard pressed to tell you anything that I like about this misguided effort. About 1 1/2 stars, I'm not sure why I'm rounding up. KGHarris, 3/13.
Ok, I'm about fed up with all this teasing and no action. Every season, D3 ends with Grayson and Jane (Deb) supposedly getting together, and at the last 30 seconds some b.s. jumps off and they don't end up together. At the end of Season 4 when Grayson kissed Jane and Owen had heart attack, I thought, "Now, we're getting somewhere." But the entire stretch of Season 5 totally ignored the romantic relationship between Grayson and Jane.And I'm pissed at Jane for agreeing to let Owen donate sperm to Stacy. That is so not cool. After all, it was Stacy who said "Besties before Testes." Best friends should not be involved with each other's ex's in any capacity. And lastly, why is it okay for Grayson to go hopping from bed to bed with all these women while Jane remains virtually chaste? I applaud D3 for their interracial romances, but damn, if Grayson really loved Jane he would keep his fly zipped up. I don't know if I'm going to give D3 another chance when Season 6 airs in October. If it's the same thing I've been getting for the last 5 seasons, I'd rather just watch reruns of Pawn Stars.
Some overly dramatic situations and often unbelievable. Like the transformations but difficult to believe some people that stupid. Still has some entertainment value.
I liked the show enough to watch another episode before deciding if it will make into my list of watched shows.  The first show was busy introducing the characters and did not really have time to grab my attention.
You know the plot. Trashy kids being trashy. The &#34;good&#34; ones are the &#34;poor&#34; ones. The rich trashy kids are just &#34;bad&#34;. Another movie to help the retarded careers of this TV show's actors. They are all old and washed out. But they still try to be hip and cool with their texting and foul mouths, sex videos. Sorry if you can't route for the heroine of the movie it clearly isn't worth watching.
This film caught my eye when I was browsing my local Redbox for film choices. After reading the summary, I decided to rent it. It started off promising, with a interesting if a bit slow-paced story. I was enjoying it, and the leading actor and actress did great jobs in their roles. Both of them are very pleasing on the eyes. Yummy.But near the end of the movie, Ondine's secret is revealed, and it is a big letdown. I liked this movie better when it had a feeling of magic to it, and the truth just feels like a cheap cop-out, especially with the neatly-wrapped up ending. If you're a big fan of these actors, you might like this movie just to watch them act, just don't expect too much from the story itself.
The extreme hollywood portrayal of the likelihood that a submarine captain would go rogue armed with nuclear weapons. . .
Eliza Dushku is on the cover of these DVDs and gets the most screen time in most episodes. However, Dollhouse's greatest strength and weakness is that it's not really about Eliza Dushku or her character. Let me explain.The concept behind the show is brilliant. A company programs people to serve clients in whatever capacity needed, from prostitutes to criminal investigators. The show really shines when it tackles the moral and ethical questions around this. Joss Whedon is very good about never portraying the company behind the Dollhouse as "evil". The characters running the Dollhouse are flawed but realistic and even at times sympathetic, yet they are engaged in this practice of servicing people. Fortunately, most episodes show us enough of this to make the show interesting.As for Eliza Dushku, she is "Echo", one of the programmed "dolls" in the Dollhouse. As such, she's generally not a character who makes any important decisions or engages in the compelling ethical drama described above. Rather, pretty much every episode she is brainwashed and made to serve a new client. This is where the show sometimes gets bogged down into a "client of the week" format. While Eliza Dushku can act, her acting isn't dramatic or overwhelming enough to make every new version of her character interesting in its own right. Unfortunately, this also means she doesn't really show any character development over the course of the series - after all, she's a new person each show.Eliza Dushku and her character "Echo" probably take up most of the screen time in Dollhouse, which is a shame. Her story - to the extent there is one - just isn't that interesting. However, there's enough of the other material to make Dollhouse worth your while.  When watching the show, I'd recommend paying attention to what seem like the "background" characters more so than Eliza Dushku. Some of them, such as Amy Acker's "Dr. Saunders", are absolutely brilliant. In a way, to get the most out of the show, you have to shift your focus from Eliza Dushku to everybody else.Recommended - 3.5 stars.
This is a comedy that is too slapstick for my taste. It's old and it shows its age with juvenile humor that is past its prime. Shirley Temple is one of the students of the teacher, not a main character. Watch it if you want to see Shirley as a tiny waif, but you've been warned.
I really wanted to like this movie.  In fact the music and black and white film aspects were the only things I liked about this movie.  The acting, story and film work were terrible.  I really did not get it.  Please save your time and money on this movie!
I guess I'm the odd one because I found it to be rather stupid - sorry, couldn't think of another word to describe my feelings about it. I decided to fast forward through, hoping to come to something that would be interesting, funny, good.... Just when I thought it couldn't get any stupider, the girlfriend shows up and voila, it got stupider. Even the ending, which was supposed to be a "gotcha" I guess, just didn't have any juice. Was also difficult to see Meg Ryan, whom I'd always enjoyed, with the beginnings of messing up her face. A pathetic and somewhat creepy story.
The storyline & premise had the potential to be really interesting but to me it was a rambling movie that was hard to track the intent of the characters and the bordering countries. Also the monster's seemed to have their own agenda but that wasn't clearly defined. Not a fan of the production values or editing either.
Well done but I do not look forward to endless internal drama struggles but no conclusion to the crime. I don't know if that is going to happen but will know when we finish the second program.
The show it self has many good points of interest, and many different directions to the main story. It is at times a little slow moving.
always like to spend tome learning special skills like survival, some show are a little better then other, but Less does a pretty good job lasting for a week in the wild.
The show is an awesome broadway drama, but it has been canceled and no one likes cliff hangers not too be continued.
3 episodes was all I could take.  The premise is ridiculous (especially sending down the little girl - what could a 10 year old girl really do to help the cause?), the pace is slow with little payoff, the characters lack charisma and the BEYOND EXCESSIVE use of lens flare on every scene on the space station screamed cheeseball sci-fi.  Also, what's with not having a proper ambient soundtrack?  The use of pop tunes is comical.  It's like it's amateur hour sci-fi done with the lowest budget possible.If you want to watch a sci-fi human survival drama done right, go watch Battlestar Galactica (the 2004 version) or Firefly and skip this mess of a show.
I wanted to like this movie a lot more than what I did. I didn't think I knew the cast but quickly remembered Micheal Rady as one of Casey's boyfriends from Greek. He's a real cutiepie. Then of course I am a Suits fan and the supporting actress is charming in that show. Mildly amusing. I used to work some in film and I thought there were some odd camera angles; these often made the lead actress much less attractive than she really was.I say it was medium. On the plus side there was no bad language.
Do not bother with the HD episodes of this season if you're watching on a TiVo.  They play with a choppy stutter framerate that is terribly annoying to watch.  The low-def versions are fine.
Movie pretty much goes like this. A soldier gets captured when his base gets attacked. He breaks free and runs into a group of other soldiers where he is rescued by a model that can't speak who is leading them. They take him back to the base and he joins their army for the time being. The model leads the troops into an unfortunate situation and they loose 99% of their army. The survivors flee for their lives and the real movie starts as a plot turn erupts and they are now being hunted by the model. Along their journey the soldier runs into another model in the middle of the woods that saves them, then some other stuff happens and the soldier finally gets his show down with the model that can't speak.Overall the story is well... not the best... the movie is entertaining... you can watch it or miss it. There's nothing really ground breaking here.P.S. I enjoy the "not helpful" votes this review is getting. This is actually scene for scene the plot of this movie. Which makes this more interesting.
This movie is entertaining if you go in with low expectations.If you follow horror movies you have probably been pretty hyped about this film. This movie is interesting but I don't feel lit lived up to the hype. I feel that many other viewers do, and have, disagreed with this statement.This movie feels original in its presentation and is definitely able to create some creepy scenes. One main thing to know about this movie is that it is a compilation movie. These were popular in the 70's/80's but have definitely fallen away recently. It is great to see this style of movie coming back.The individual clips have a wide range of reviews. There is at least one that is so excellent that I feel it should have its own dedicated movie. Some of the other areas are derivative of other movies, while at least one is just pointless.  I feel that the different clips are varied in length so that some are so short that its hard to really get a lot out of it. These shorts were maid by people who didn't seem to be completely married to the idea that everything involved a V/H/S and it shows, but that really shouldn't detract from your enjoyment too much.Even though I am only giving this three stars I still feel this movie was worth watching, and it was a fantastic effort overall. I would definitely love to see the sequel that is coming out. If you have any interest in horror movies I think it is worth it to give this a chance.
The glades, I thought at first referred to the location, yes. Also there is a prison there called The Glades, in real life. The cast ismostly young and so far I haven't been convinced that the series will last. I hope it will as it shows promise and the location isnice to look at. Drop the neon back lighting, ...looks too much like Miami Vice series. The main characters need some more backbone, but like I said, they are young and will develop.  So far, so good.
Trite. Unfunny. Predictable. Unintelligent. Partisan.This is a show that had a lot of promise. You begin with Bill Murray in the opening sequence. You have John Goodman. Some other decent actors. The premise is comical right off the bat-- a handful of politicians sharing a house in Washington.But the writing is so awful, I can't imagine watching another moment of this program. Maybe I'm jaded, as someone who works in politics, but the scenarios and dialogue just weren't believable (think "All the President's Men" or "The Ides of March" or even the original "The Manchurian Candidate"), nor were they quite farcical enough to be recognizable as some sort of absurdist lampoon (think "Airplane" or "Naked Gun" or even "Thank You For Smoking"). This show is an attempted political comedy that takes itself and its ideological/partisan mission way too seriously. Political humor can be great, but, whether it's on the right or left, it usually falls flat when it's a vehicle for driving an underlying partisan agenda first and foremost. Good political comedy should be equal-opportunity offensive to both sides, or rather, to the system itself.SNL's Weekend Update, The Daily Show, and its successors are at their funniest and most relevant when they first lay bare the truth about the butt of their joke fairly and in context, giving the subject of ridicule a chance to legitimately make his or her case, and THEN and only then mock the stupidity/bigotry/misguidedness relentlessly. Alpha House doesn't give Republican viewpoints a fair hearing, nor does it add anything new to the world of political satire/parody. It just rehashes a bunch of junk that wasn't funny the first hundred times it was done, and more importantly, it's a chance to score partisan points primarily, and a vehicle for comedy only secondarily.That's what this felt like, at least, watching the pilot. A vehicle for Garry Trudeau's hyper-cynical, humorless, out-of-touch, leftist political agenda.Step one- Start by creating one-dimensional characters from the lamest and most overdone Republican stereotypes imaginable.Step two- Throw in some of the left's contemporary pet political issues. Social issues and global warming.Step three- Create weak "straw man" arguments from the Republican characters to discredit the conservative side of these issues.Step four- Now try to make that mess funny.Get Garry Trudeau out of this project, and with the cast and concept, it's probably a big hit. The next House of Cards, perhaps. Right now, though, no way does this catch on. Nor should it. Which is too bad, because John Goodman in particular does a fine job in his role, despite abysmal writing.
There are no likeable characters.The tattooed guy is totally not believable,and what the hell:In the dialog where they are talking about reading books, the tattooed guy is insulting getting an education, while being mockingly called Henry Rollins WHO IS SUPER EDUCATED.Sloppy bad writing, unfunny, boring.don't do it.
I best I can sum this up is that its about an ADD fox. Most parents by now are shaking their heads but I didnt get it. It failed to keep my attention but my 5 yr old was smitten with this. He said it deserves 5 stars I said 1 star so we compromised.
I was going to write a review on this show, really truly I was, but I fell asleep watching it.........
this is one of those movies where you just want to grab the director and ask him if he has any common sense at all...no logic- way over the top- the actions & reactions of the "infected" people were totally unrealistic- there are so many holes in the movie that you start getting annoyed half way through. Mixed (very little) fact with fiction- and the fiction part just destroys any fact credibility.how does the reporter manage to survive despite getting the infected blood all over her, drinking from the fair grounds water bubbler and splashing water from the piers fountain all over her face? total BS- she doesn't get the parasite but the doctor treating people does? that's just one of a dozen silly illogical holes in this movie.coulld've been a great horror flick if the director spent a bit more time on the details and story line.
I don't know what it is, but something about this show just annoys me. I wanted it to succeed for me. I love witches. I like the actresses they cast. But...there is just something that is annoying me on this one. I'll try it again when I can bing-watch the show. Maybe in December. Right now, it's off my DVR.
The film covers the months from the 14 July 1789 storming of the Bastille to the eve of the arrest of the royal family that fall. The action, told from the perspective of a favorite servant of French Queen Marie Antoinette, takes place in the magnificent state rooms and gardens of Versailles and in the teaming warren of the below stairs of the palace. Like many French films, it is long on emotion, sexual innuendo, and beautiful locations, but glosses over the facts and the tragedy. It is mentioned that there is little food, but no explanation is offered of the precipitating cause of the French Revolution. The already fragile and mismanaged French economy had been in a severe economic downturn, since the massive fissure eruptions of Icelandic volcano Laki, beginning in June 1783 and ending in February 1784, disrupted global climate, causing acid rains that destroyed crops, and livestock, and created sores on people who worked outdoors and severe winters that froze the Mississippi over as far south as New Orleans and fogs that disrupted global trade. This information could have been worked into the plot through the serving girl's meetings with the learned palace librarian.The film provides a snapshot of the elegance and emptiness of life at Versailles in its final days, while avoiding the tragedy and ugliness of the French Revolution. In my humble opinion the film ends too soon. It ends well before the frivolous Queen Marie Antoinette holds her 7 year-old son for hours, only to have him torn from her arms to be systematically beaten and starved. In the movie, the children are relegated to one brief scene of the Queen holding them. The little girl will barely survive and the very young prince is doomed to die. The audience could have watched the spoiled Austrian princess rise to the occasion of her imprisonment and death. She may have lived as a frivolous spoiled child, but she died as a mother and queen. To bad she did not grow up sooner!
After a terrific Season 3 with Christine, never mind her eventual win, I don't think another season will come close to being as exciting.
if you have seen one of the bounty hunter shows you haveseen them all, this is no different. it is somewhatentertaining if you have nothing else to do.
Hate it or Love it?  What a C R A Z Y movie.  It's a TOSS UP between 1 star and 5 stars....I split the difference & gave it a 3 star.  Baby Tossing was HILARIOUS and OMG that is one HELL BABY!  Tossing your cookies over and over and over was gigglicious and after tossing it around in my mind, while this movie kept my interest (mostly) had some good jumps and some blood and guts - now I know what a COMEDY HORROR film is.  It's not my thing....but it could be yours and if so, this is definately the movie for you!
Not that good
Rich bitch suddenly owns a football team and calls uniforms &#34;costumes.&#34; That sure sounds like a laugh riot to me.
Occasionally I'm pleasantly surprised by a 'B' bin movie. In the same genre I quite enjoyed &#34;eight legged freaks&#34; which was silly fun with surprisingly competent special effects. Sadly, however, this film does not deliver. Two stars is quite generous for what a film that is full of missed opportunities for humor, satire, irony and just plain fun. Not as badly made as the typical SyFy channel movie (which is the hallmark of absolute horribleness) however this film doesn't rank much above the offal they typically serve up.
One can only take the zombie theme so far before it starts getting repetitive and this series has definitely hit that mark.  Unfortunately, it has failed to keep fresh and now the conflicts are not as exciting.
I have just seen to much about this subject.  I just was not interested in keeping up a weekly show about this subject
I was looking for more of a sneak peak and not so much of an interview with the actors. Not what I wanted.
This movie isn't bad. It's just that the trope of a well-off white kid going through a coming-of-age process has been done so many times and so much better.The main thing going for this movie is the comedy. At several points throughout the movie, the actors give such great comic performances, that it will almost make you want to sit through the boring angsty parts in between. I say almost because I ended up checking Facebook during a lot of those boring angsty parts.As I said, it isn't a bad movie. But if you want more consistently entertaining fare, check out &#34;Igby Goes Down&#34;, &#34;The Rules of Attraction&#34;, and &#34;Rushmore&#34;.
It was already not the best show on TV, but at least with the original cast as the original characters the show could be good, clean fun.  After most of the cast left, and the producers tried in vain to replace them with equally compelling players, the show clearly went downhill.
Good acting and fast moving plot are highlights, but the abundance of characters add an element of confusion at times.  Overall an entertaining series.
A next saga of a criminal family,"a bike sports club" is a story of a biker gang spreading its influence round the USA and its members' inter-affairs.So far, it would better refrain from commenting the feelings associated with as Occupy Wall Street protest is still around. "Compulsive Sexual Syndrome" is an only new stuff I learnt from here.
Hammers every suspect as if they're guilty. Does he ever go back and apologize to all of the people he insulted who were innocent?Perfect example of cops and why we all hate them.
It reminds me more of the Hangover movies meet Major League. The show is fun enough I wouldn't mind tuning in. But I am a bit tired of the &#34;little guy&#34; sport franchise coming around without people with real qualification. The rebel's success as a franchise is as slim as LA getting a professional football team. If you are willing to suspend your disbelieve and just enjoy the fluff. But it get tiring fast.
Interesting idea, not the first time that it's been tried before. I liked "Commander in Chief," the short-lived series about a woman president, better, because it didn't try so hard to play off real people. Sorry to be the lone dissenter, it seems, and this will undoubtedly sound trivial and sexist (and probably is), but:I was offended by the absurdly high and ugly waistbands they dressed Sigourney Weaver in to hide her thick middle-aged waist. They didn't do that to the men with their middle-aged paunches.It amazes me that whoever cast this thought anyone would think that Ciar&aacute;n Hinds is sexy enough to appeal to so many women (he's very unattractive, to me, and what's with that mouth downturned mouth that's apparently an affectation?) or that someone as attractive as Susan Berg, who played the reporter, would find whoever it was who played the editor she worked for attractive in the least (definitely not). And surely they could have found a lot of men to portray the character based on Bill Clinton better and something more substantive for the character to be than such a pathetic sex and power monger.Most of the plots were just silly, not developed, way too contrived.Sigourney Weaver was fine in the part and in her acting as Secretary of State and would-be President. And I liked Ellen Burnstyn and her portrayal of the sniper-witted, functional alcoholic mother of the Secretary of State (do you see a problem there?). But I found some of actors, much of the acting, and most of the dialog (writing) insulting to anyone with average intelligence. An embarrassment, basically.
&#34;You are not allowed to make me feel bad...because I am single and you are not.&#34; Luke and Kate are co-workers at a brewery and are best friends who enjoy drinking. They decide to take a weekend trip together with their significant others. Luke is talking about marriage and Kate is just starting out with her boyfriend. They soon learn about not only their relationships but how they feel about each other. I will do this review in two sections. First, watching it I was liking it and enjoyed it but it wasn't as funny as I was thinking it was going to be. It seemed very real and in same ways a little depressing. All that said I did like it and think it was OK. After watching it I then looked at other reviews and found something out that made me like it more. The entire movie was improved. There was no script. The actors were given an outline of what was going on and the rest was up to them. That aspect is why I think the movie felt very real. It also affected my view of the movie. I'm not exactly sure why but the fact that it was made up on the fly makes me like the movie more and really adds another dimension to an otherwise cookie cutter movie. Overall, a movie that is enjoyable but not what I was expecting and the fact the movie was organic really makes me like it more. I give it a B.
NOT FOLLOWING THE PERIOD,THEY ARE SMOKING FILTERED CIGARETTES,I REALLY DON'T THINK SO IN 1947THE NIGHT CUB MUSIC VERY GOOD
I never read anything Linda Lovelace wrote because it's impossible to discern how much was true.  Who would buy her books if they were typical bland stories of &#34;I rejected my parents, married a hoodlum, and started hooking to support my drug habit?&#34; To be fair, the film gives the surface events, then starts over with her later claims of unpleasant things going on behind the scenes.  I have no doubt men this violent existed.  I'm just not totally convinced her husband was one of them.  At least she found a few years of relative happiness before the fatal car accident.
I don't think I'd watch this as a series. I thought the setting was unique, and there were a few good performances and some decent segments in it, but overall it didn't grab me. Most of the characters were nothing more than tropes, and while the writing itself wasn't bad, it didn't really break out of any standard molds, either.
Good characters, some interesting plots, some predictable, but its a pleasant way to spend an hour. The acting is good.
I found that it was a very depressing story with no real message or meaning. Hated it. Will not even try to watch any other movies by this director.
The movie was good, but I hated how it ended.  It really had a good premise, and good actors, but it ended very flat.  I was excited to see the reasoning on why all the drama was happening (why did people vanish all the sudden), or even a resolution or conclusion at the end, but nothing.  I would of gave it a 4 or 5 if the ending was better!
This is a story about peoples loss, loneliness and unrealized dreams with a touch of supernatural and a pinch of horror. Worth a viewing.
So dark and depressing. Awful because of the rampant promiscuity as well. Your all going to get vd and stds.
The season, this year seems to be wearing thin.  I can't believe the producers are running out of material.  I am Swedish, but everything about this episode seemed to stretch credibility.  This episode might as well have taken us down "Admiral Bird's hole into the supposed hollow earth."  It would have been just as credible.
This grande Superman tale penned by the mind of Marc Millar is arguably one of his best works. And to see Dave Johnson & Kilian Plunkett's art brought life with the subtle fluidity of motion comics is just great. Dc's Elseworlds imprint was always an innovative breeding ground for fresh new stories & interpretations on classic characters. In "Red Son", it isn't just an alternate Superman tale but more importantly an alternate world where we see familiar characters & history itself re imagined. And it's all done so wonderfully! I don't give this the full 5 star rating because the episodes aren't broken down into just one long film. So instead you have to fast forward or skip every time the 5 minute episode ends to get to the next one. It's pretty annoying unless you don't mind hearing the theme music & watching ending credits each time one episode ends. That & there aren't any special features whatsoever, which is quite strange because this was a cool endeavor & seeing the making of it would've been a blast. If you liked other motion comic releases like Watchmen, Iron Man -extremis, or Astonishing X men -gifted, you'll probably like this one too.
Francis Ford Coppola returns to the Horror genre in a minor way with an unusual Gothic fairytale that will leave you TWIXT! Val Kilmer stars as washed up writer Hall Baltimore, who stumbles in to a small town's dark history while visiting on a promotional book tour. With the help of the local sheriff, Baltimore may have finally found the inspiration for his latest novel, but to what lengths is he willing to go in order to uncover the horrifying truth? Ever the stylist, Coppola tries to inject his own work with a series of surreal nightmares care of some shrouded mists and moody black and white. The heavy use of green screen and computerization frequently reminds us that we're watching a movie, however, and never quite achieves the intended effect that has been generously lifted from SIN CITY. The plot, on the other hand, is refreshingly original, and only bears a minor resemblance to John Carpenter's IN THE MOUTH OF MADNESS. Coppla delivers a twisted tale of vampires and murder that has been cleverly intertwined with the works of Edgar Allan Poe, who even makes an appearance in the film (as played by Ben Chaplin). Val Kilmer puts forth a worthy performance as the failing writer, who keeps us engaged with his playful curiosity. Unfortunately, though, TWIXT suffers from the same dilemma as its lead character, and that is in finding its ending. After investing in the town and each of its many mysteries, the sudden ending feels rushed and incomplete. On the other hand, David Lynch would be very proud.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
I tried to like it but this comedy is anything but funny.  I didn't even like the trailer but I happen to like everyone of the cast members.  I just don't understand why none of the cast members ever ad libbed something funny every so often.  It would have kept my interest.  I held out as long as I could but got to a point where I could no longer waste my time watching.
It was good but they need to make Boyd a permanent good guy!!  He can do what the law cannot!!!!!!!
Predictable and not very believable.  But not bad, and shows potential for an offbeat comedy of sorts.  Natalie Zea is what makes it work.  Almost would give it 4 stars, but keeping one back until I see more. Hope the rest of the cast, and the writers make good use of Ms. Zea in any future episodes.
The premise had some promise, but the computer couldn't decide if it should be a law abiding style or a lunatic.  The character development was lacking and all in all I would find more satisfaction by watching an infomercial.
I don't know what to write. This show is bad. Corny dialogue, vague apocalyptic event that has caused mayhem in the world and uninteresting characters. Not for me.
The idea behind this show is a sound one and interesting. The only hitch is, that everyone is the same age, which is rather annoying and boring. It needs a bit more diversity.
Had Val Kilmer NOT been  in ths movie! I would have given it four stars...Quite some time ago, Val Kilmer was a moderately talented actor. What he lacked in talent, he made up for with being moderately handsome and appealing. But this movie clearly demonstrates how very long ago that was.  Looking bloated and disturbingly older than his actual years, Kilmer sleepwalks through every scene. This is even more evident in the scenes  he shares with the gifted actor Bruce Dern.  Dern is still able to add depth and conviction to his role. Dern is everything Kilmer will never hope to be...The supporting cast is exceptional -especially Elle Fanning.This movie also has some visually stunning scenes. The use of color is incredible.With so many good things going for it, I still cannot recommend this movie - because of how disturbingly BAD Val kilmer is.
This reminded me of the HBO series &#34;1st & Ten&#34; and I see bits of other Football movies there too. Overall I liked it, and would watch if it was picked up for a full run.
Charging 1.99 per episode for this twisted tale is just one thing I didn't like about his show. It didn't hold my attention like the original did and the story line got lost in between the head mother and twisted doctor vying for the spot of who's more devious than the other. I thought it would be more interesting but it really wasn't. I might watch one more episode just to see if they fix their misguided horror and make it into something more palatable for horror watchers than just gore.
The &#34;series&#34; was ok, but nothing new was discussed. It is the first time I heard Rommel's voice during some publicity film. Otherwise, it is an interesting time spent. Episode one is probably the best, with an overview of his life and death. Episodes two and three are just a recap of his military career.
Feel sad for these people and their obsession but very happy they receive some much needed help.  Kinda hard for me to watch.
I had expected more for the main character. So good in Friday Night Lights! This is weakly written and lacks polish.
I watch this show for Purefoy and Bacon.  It can be quite disturbing but they have made Ryan and now Mike morally ambigious heros which is what the public likes.
This show about the minions is ok but could be better I think the show would be better if it was In Animation Cartoon Animation
maybe i just dont get it...but crude not funny and irritating most of the time....guys that dumb shouldnt be on TV
About what you wouold expect from a politacly correct medioum talented churn it out style of writing.  Perry does do a good job with the script however.
I think the show has potential.  However, at this point in time, it is mediocre in the plots and the actors.  I find some of the episodes somewhat mystifying.  I try to keep up with the story line but sometimes it's not easy since the story line seems to wander hither and yon.  I like the guy cop.  (can't think of his name).  The lady cop needs help.
I would give this zero stars if I could. No educational value whatsoever. Why give kids the idea that they can be great at something just by wishing for it and not having to work for it. Only potential lesson was to help your friends if you have the means to do so but it was so brief and subtle I'm sure kids don't pick up on. The story/plot was so repetative, with zero value added by being so, that i got the impression they ran out of material before they ran out of time. Advice to the producers: if you're going to have a show about magic dust that makes the characters good singers and dancers 1) hire good singers to sing and 2) do your research to learn as least one dance move to animate the characters doing said moves... having them shake their hips back and forth and pump their fists in the air is not dancing, let alone good dancing. Invest in the products you want to succeed or don't bother. What a waste of my and my daughters' time.
You already know the plot. A couple with marriage problems goes to an island retreat, finds a bloodied stranger outside their cabin, and take him in. They find he has a gun. He wakes up, claiming the whole outside world's in the grip of a pandemic, and proceeds to board up the house.Is he lying? Is he a killer? What to do, what to do? If you're not too claustrophobic, sit tight ... most of the movie occurs in the house. It's tense, and you'll be trying to guess what's happening. Did he really see someone? Or is it a ploy? What's going on with the CB radio?In the end, there are some surprises, especially in our estimation of the intruder.I wouldn't call this a "feel-good" movie, but if this sounds OK to you, and you don't mind squirming for an hour or so, it's worth a watch.
Last season it was the golfer guy's story seemingly out of nowhere shoved into the show and dominating too much of the end of the season. His dominant trait was that he was silly. This one is even worse. The cop and his daughter are not only not interesting at all but the character of the daughter is something of a monster. I don't think there is a worse character in existence than some miserable pubescent teenager lashing out at everyone around them and with zero control of themselves. From Boris to her? It reminds me of the couple of episodes I saw of "A Gifted Man". No where near the intensity but I can't bear to watch an intelligent, highly skilled, and extremely generous person who saves people's lives be consistently treated like garbage by people.I still like the scenery, Divya, and Paige and some of the cases but the miserable people are given too much attention. Out of all the characters you could come up with to live in the Hamptons? This guy and his daughter? I'm so confused.
I was very disappointed with the show and the plot. I am sorry I purchased it. Learned my lesson about buying a full season and not knowing what the show is about.
"Indie Game: The Movie" may be as famous for its non-traditional distribution, the intricacies of which filmmakers James Swirsky and Lisanne Pajot shared with their viewing public, as for its subjects. But its subjects are stars in their own right, all successful independent game developers of very recognizable computer games. The film focuses on Edmund McMillen and Tommy Refenes, the creators of "Super Meat Boy", Phil Fish, the creator of "FEZ", and Jonathan Blow, creator of "Braid". The film lays bare the emotional and social aspects of designing games outside the mainstream but says little about the industry, economics, or the craft of making a concept into a game.The events of the film took place in 2010, when "Super Meat Boy" went on sale and "FEZ" made its debut at the PAX game conference while still in development. The film follows Edmund McMillan, Tommy Refenes, and Phil Fish from the stress of finishing their games, to the anticipation and anxiety brought about by the release, and a little bit of the aftermath. Jonathan Blow is the most articulate of the developers and is very frank about the emotional investment that he makes in the games he creates and the consequences when they are finally released to the public. All three men describe the inspirations and ideas behind their games, which invariably came from childhood.What "Indie Game" does, it does well. It provides a window into the minds of some very introverted, pessimistic, insecure, and talented game developers. But it's a one-trick pony. I came to this film knowing next to nothing about computer games. But these games interested me. I wondered how one goes about conceiving a game so complex. But the film says nothing about the conception of game structure, only of vague themes. I also wondered how this all works economically. There is talk in the film that the developers will strike it rich if their games are popular. While selling a million copies might provide them with a good income, wealth seem unlikely.It seems like half of a film. Some of the expressions of angst on the part of the developers could have been cut to make room for more information about the role of independent developers in the industry and to better explain how a game is designed. I'm sure some members of the audience will be put off by these developers' emotional attachment to their creations, their fear of being misunderstood, their displeasure when their games are not perceived as they intended, etc. As a reviewer with some experience of the publishing industry, I can tell you that their comments are interchangeable with those of the average novelist. Whiny, yes, but heartfelt. Creative people are like that.
Could be a great series, but seriously, every third work is the F-word. If you can't communicate without that word, then you can't communicate.  It kills this series.
Justified! pretty good show, picked up season 5 after watching the first 4 on prime. A great watch, if you like the 'cop' style shows.
I have no idea as the preview was short and all the quiet, nothing parts showing peace and tranquility before the earth opens up with death and destruction. I still have no idea if it's a good film or not yet.
All the acting was fine with what the actors had to work with. But the dialogue didn't flow very well at all. Also, the idea of 5 young men on opposite sides of the war should have allowed for some interesting and insightful topics between British and German pilots that never presented themselves. Nothing bad, but nothing special here either.
Pompeii is a movie about the last days and the destruction of the city by the volcano Etna.Although it is based on a historical fact, the rest is just a story, a scenario that is an amalgamationof various movies, especially a copy of the &#34;Gladiator.&#34;Because without the violence and the fighting it would have been a really boring movie anda box office failure.In contrast with other destruction movies, the destruction here is at the end, and there is not a lotof it time-wise. But the special effects are really good and make up for waiting through the movieto watch it. The tension builds really good and it is satisfying and it is the only reason towatch the movie.All in all, it is not a bad movie and you can watch happily any time of day
This is a cute movie and I found it to be enjoyable.  Nothing more, nothing less. Leslie Mann was the real standout, although it would be fun to see her in a role that isn't a whiny wife sometime. I sense there's more to her than the roles she's been cast in to date.
This movie is in Spanish only and this director & his producer need to be boycotted on any movie they make. False advertising. They have the DVD cover and title in English... but to watch the movie, you either have to read subtitles or closed captioning. It is a sham to use false advertising to sell  to unsuspecting shoppers. They did the same thing with Pans Labrynth.It also would not have been a huge imposition on the director and producer to provide an Alternate English audio option like we do on our English speaking movies. This is the second and last time this director will ever sell any movies to me. I will never buy another of his movies even if every movie he makes from this point on is in English... because he's used up any trust we may have had. So when his career goes in the dumper in the US... don't blame the economy. Blame yourself for deceptive advertising and printing the DVD cover in English. If the cover and title had been in Spanish to begin with, we wouldn't be so irate because we would not have bought it in the first place. I have thousands of movies in my collection but this will be the last time this director ever darkens my viewing.I have nothing against Spanish. In fact I lived in Panama for 2 years.. but I don't want my movies in Spanish and I certainly don't appreciate the deliberately deceptive False English DVD cover and Title to make us think the movie is in English.If any of our US producers or Directors put a Spanish label and Spanish Title on a DVD cover and tried to pass it off to the Spanish speaking countries ... and then only had the movie in English or French... I suspect their consumers would be very angry as well.They wouldn't like it anymore than the Germans would want to watch a movie in Arabic or Chinese.Amazon is also responsible for this deception by allowing it to be marketed in English. If a movie is in Spanish, then the Title should also be in Spanish. And since this is an English website... it should have a huge warning at the top of the page telling English speaking shoppers that this movie is in Spanish only!And as an added note: This director does cheesy, immature camera effects. Near the end, he just goes nuts with his 360 camera rotating around the main character... it seemed like 5 minutes of nothing but spinning. It got so monotonous I had to fast forward just to get away from it. This is something a 16 year old would do shooting a movie in his garage for a school project.And let's not forget that the kid with the sack over his head was a cheap takeoff on Jason from the "Friday the 13th" movie series.Avoid this director and producer like the plague!!!
and should not be on tv. There is little redeeming value to this -only shock value. Swamp people is better
The story is kind of lame and I lost interest halfway through. The story also does not makes much sense. Skip it!
I like the idea of showing children that science can be cool. Up the detail of the science and keep the cuteness. A tad bit more personality for Anne would be welcome.
After cannibalizing nearly all of TOS series, they ran out of ideas. This one is so, so lame.Their fantasy of Trip-the George Bush-ish NASCAR like mechanic-that beds an exotic beautiful woman and has an immaculate conception. Whose twisted fantasy is this. Lol. And then of course it is back to the evil man and his evil machine to kill all other races, echoing the Nazis in the first episode of this year's shows. This is new? This show is so full of mish-mash tripe that I am so glad there are no more. This last season was certainly painful to watch. I did enjoy most of season three however, and the overriding story arch with the unusual harshness of the decisions Captain Archer has to make, making it a truly deep emotional engaging show. The first three seasons were good overall and this one is a plane going down in a ball of flames. This next to last episode is the crash with the fireball.
well if u had to rate this it would be a solid 3 aside from the dome the story seems kinda dull.  again is TV  what else can I say!!!
I keep on coming back hoping my disappointment has eluded me into thinking it is a frightening bad show, but I continually get proven my synopsis is right--this is truly that bad. Can we get it over with and make the dome collapse on this dismal failure?
The description for the Eclipse is 100% completely *wrong*.  This is NOT a suspense- it's a romance with subtle elements of drama.  We were all fooled into thinking this was some kind of horror story involving a ghost writer being tormented but it's anything but.  We were also fooled into believing there would be serious discussions involving what it feels like to actually witness a ghost for real and how the human mind feels after witnessing such a traumatic event.Instead it's about a ghost writer who meets a woman who shares similar interests in ghostly activity and they gradually fall in love.  Of course there's another guy in the picture, who's apparently a boxer.  Well the two guys hate each other and are secretly jealous over the woman without actually coming out and admitting it.  Instead we discover that the boxer basically believes the ghost writer is a stalker, while the ghost writer believes the boxer is a drunk.There's only two segments that are worth your time.  One takes place about an hour in when the ghost writer opens his bedroom closet and a scary event takes place in the floorboards, and the other is the fist fight between the two men above.  That's it.  The rest of the storytelling is meaningless and painful to watch.It's a shame too- this movie looks like it takes place in either Ireland or the gorgeous countrysides of England which are *perfect* locations for a horror setting.  Instead it doesn't even try for a supernatural setting.  I recommend skipping it completely.
We open up with Vance splitting the team up, why you ask. To catch a mole,  now normally these make for good episodes. But NCIS actually manages to screw it up, it would have been better had Vance let Gibbs know in advance what was going to happen, but no. Ziva is back at Massad, Mcgee in the cybercrimes unit, And Dinozzo and agent afloat. Now I don't like the Vance character, as a matter of fact, he brings absolutely nothing to the show. We find out that Gibbs endorsed agent langer, who replaced Dinozzo, the girl that Jimmy Palmer was seeing in earlier seasons, is all of a sudden a mole. Who kills Langer, but made it look like he was the mole. I'm serious, season six just jumps and zigzags all over the place, with stories that don't make sense. And they feel like they were put together at the last minute, Tony is finally brought home, and the team is reassembled. Now, I have always said. I would like to see a more confident Mcgee, and they tried to that in an episode called "Caged" where he has to get a confession from a female serial killer in a women's prison, one of the few bright spots of the season. But after this episode, he goes back to being Dinozzo's whipping post. We do meet Gibbs's dad, the only true shining moment of the season. We get a decent episode about Ducky's past in " Broken Bird" but the episode is so drawn out, I fell asleep halfway through it. Abby gets an episode by herself that's not bad, not great, buuuuuut it's okay. We get a cross over with NCIS LA, a two parter. Now my major problem with the ending, is all of a sudden. Ziva knows a Massad operative is in the country, going after the same people NCIS is going after, and she doesn't tell Gibbs. Nor anybody else, except Dinozzo has figured it out. And tries to give her a chance to come clean, Dinozzo with the blessing of Gibbs, keeps digging. And confronts the operative, who is also Ziva's boyfriend. Which leads to a confrontation in Ziva's apt. Where Tony has no choice but to kill the guy, now this whole storyline comes out of no where. The whole season even felt like a soap opera, particulalry when at the end, they're getting ready to leave Isreal, and Ziva tells Gibbs she must stay, even  after Tony proved he was innocent, she still didn't trust him. Yeah, season six is okay, but my conclusion is this, seasons 1-4 are the golden years, season 5-8 are the so-so to bad years, season nine is great.
It is as if they took three stereotypical student personas and made them teachers, so they would have the authority to pull pranks and revenge on students they dont' like.  Couldn't see watching a whole season.
Please note, I have now watched all the new episodes by now and every time I have flat out fallen asleep or just turn the TVS off. The original COSMOS literally changed my life forever. This new version makes me literally snore on the couch in about 9 minutes. How could they of botched this entire series so badly? There is a great responsibility to produce this program to be amazing and its just lame. Dr. Tyson is a fun scientist but he doesn't really work in this program.  He seems nervous and speaks with a tone that makes you feel like your at a kindergarten story time reading. At times he looks like he is thinking to himself, "... I know this is going to suck" or "... I don't get why we are doing this?"... He seems uncomfortable on camera and I don't think that is because he is uncomfortable in front of a camera. I think its because he is realizing that the production and direction Fox is taking creating with him as the host... is seemingly... sucking?!  Its lacking that "pocket" and synergy that Sagan and his production created. With 20 years advancement in special effects and scientific knowledge... FOX can't make a space documentary that is mind blowing?  Why?.... This is COSMOS!?  How could that be allowed to happen?Why are there so many boring, cheap cartoons!  They suck! Is this because they wanted to save money on actors and effects so they went to cheap cartoon technology to get the required content for a show?  The cartoons are clearly a hint that something went wrong at the production of this show.The content also lacks cohesion. It bounces around and makes really obvious and sophomoric points, or completely fails to make a point altogether. The actual science and sense of awe we should be getting from this show is lighter then any other similar cosmology documentary. It left me saying over and over again, "... I already knew that. Ive known that since I was 12 years old".  The point that the milky way galaxy is really, really big and that stars are far, far away... is a point I don't need to be patronized with for an hour and $2. Tell me something that is awe inspiring?  Who wrote this script?  The script and topics they choose are just completely uninspired, back room napkin, after thoughts.One episode which was the worst, was almost entirely in the lame cartoon format and it went on and on about the guy that discovered that Lead in regular gasoline was polluting our environment. This story was told through a cheap "Johnny Quest" style cartoon for an hour and at the end of all this, there was no connection or point to cosmology that I could readily see.  The only episode that was inspiring and echoed the original series in beauty and script was "Sisters of the Sun" where they talked about stars. But here again, compared to other similar programs discussing similar topics, this was like watching the opening premise that stars are really, really hot and really, really big and really , really, far, far away over and over again.  The science has ZERO depth. The script is either written for morons or was written by morons? Why would Tyson sign off on this?Its a HUGE disappointment for COSMOS fans. Tyson is impedent as the host, the script has no cohesion, the episodes are childish, they rip you off with boring cartoon story telling to save a buck on production costs, it ends and you feel like you just ate a rice cake. It is a completely dry, uninspiring waste of time, with no flavor... its lame and a shame, Carl Sagan deserves better.
Non-existent budget, bad acting in a bad way even for this type of movie - I have seen the grindhouse-type movies before and liked them - this was just plain not worth the $, don't even bother renting it.
I'm not sure how any of these actors signed on to the project with the script they were given to read. The whole plot was a failed attempt at plagarizing every other &#34;forbidden love&#34; scenario ever seen in movies. The destruction was on par with the movie 2012, and really, it was the destruction you rooted for in the end. Oh, and when you get to the part about the chariot racing down the street, ignore the little things like how a 4 horse chariot could miraculously find a completely empty, near-debris-free road, or how it could outrace an earthquake, or even how it could make such a sharp turn that even most cars would flip on their sides to make. Ya...good script there....Like I mentioned in the title line, just mute the sound, turns the caps off, and enjoy the C.G.I. In the end I rooted for the volcano...and somehow I just don't think that was the feeling I should have been asked to feel. The movie did nothing to honor any of those lost to such a horrific death.
For a show with an unbelievable premise to start with, it has somehow managed to become even more absurd. The first season was fun even though it was unrealistic but the first episode of season 2 went &#34;beyond the beyond&#34;. I love Stephen King and I am willing to suspend belief but I have one more episode in me before I may have to jump ship on this.
Hollow (Michael Axelgaard, 2011)Sometimes, during those brief moments of lucidity when my head clears a little and I can step back from the Netflix Instant queue, I ask myself why it is I continue to watch movies in subgenres that were played out before they even got popular. I never come up with a good answer to the question (and I'm never lucid long enough to go digging, really). Case in point: the found-footage film, an offpsring of the mockumentary that is, ultimately, an offshoot of the popularity of 1999's The Blair Witch Project. I've seen maybe a half-dozen found-footage films I would consider watching a second time; I've seen maybe one hundred found footage films overall. Hollow is not only not one of the half-dozen, it's a movie I would consider using as an instrument of torture were I a guard at the Salt Pit. Pointless, plotless, presumably scriptless nonsense that almost dares the viewer to keep watching to see how much worse things are going to get. Guess what? The answer is &#8220;a lot&#8221;.Plot: Two couples are on vacation on the English moors. Okay, maybe not moors. But that sound spookier. It's actually quite dry for England. And maybe not vacation, either; they've come to sort out a dead relative's estate. Dead relative is a priest, and estate is... an old abbey? I think it was an old abbey. While they're on their way there, they pass a big old gnarled tree, and Emma (Emily Plumtree in her first feature appearance) relates the story of how the tree is possessed blah blah. Emma, her beau James (The Task's Sam Stockman), and their pals Lynne (Get Him to the Greek's Jessica Ellerby) and Scott (Devil's Pass' Matt Stokoe&#8212;no relation to the writer, at least I fervently hope not), arrive at the old pile and spend a few entirely uninteresting days trying to keep a clich&eacute;d script afloat (predictable sexual tension between non-couple pieces, growing obsession with the tree, things that go bump in the night) before, of course, they must all go confront the tree and find out if it's really possessed or if the scriptwriters were just ripping off The Blair Witch Project.You get all the usual lowlights from a movie like this, people running around and screaming incoherently, usually off-camera, while something that you never quite get to see is chasing them. Now, I am a big, big fan of not revealing the monster; the one scene I didn't like in Cloverfield (and yes, I do realize I am the only person who really liked that movie, shut up about it) is the one Big Reveal scene at the end that's there solely to stop the masses complaining that you never get to see the monster. (Compare with the excellent scene in Val Lewton's Cat People in Central Park, where you get a few glimpses of shadow at best; it is a textbook in how to create suspense.) So when I'm complaining about it, you know you've got problems. Much of the problem has to do with the fact that, during the action scenes, we're not really seeing much of the characters, either; Axelgaard seems to have decided that the movie would be more suspenseful if you couldn't see the characters or the thing chasing them. Not a bad experiment, but he probably should have changed direction once he realized how incredibly stupid it ends up looking. You, too, would be better served by avoiding such. (zero)
This like season two of lost in space was the time when a serious show went into the land of silliness, although it's alot of fun and fast moving the whole concept of the show was scrapped for this more kid friendly romp that could be said to be the fantasy season part one.  I like this but after the first two seasons I just wanted the noncamp era back.  That being said this camp era is a blast if you just enjoy it like that.
I really like these guys from the Big Bang Theory so I had high hopes, but honestly it was meh.  Normally I'm a fan of cartoons and stoner humor, but this didn't work for me.  The love story is so undeveloped and trite.  I just don't care about these characters.
There is absolutely no substance to this series.  I would not recommend anyone to waste their time watching it.  There are a few moments which are amusing but I found myself skipping through the first episode, and not wanting to watch another episode..
OK, this movie is really funny. Its gross, but funny.Zombies are everywhere but the world goes on business as usual. But there's this strip club whose bidness is suffering until of course Jenna Jameson gets half eaten by a Z, then turns into one and becomes the hottest attraction around, along with several other zombie strippers. I have to admit, they're pretty hot. Jenna was a lot hotter before she became a twig. WTF???Anyway, the funniest part of the movie is when an Army zombie is eating Jenna Jameson on stage and her boyfriend/hubby whatever Tito Ortiz who is a bouncer at the club runs out the door rather than sticking around to protect his womern. Hilarious! BTW, this movie looks great on DVD, very nice production. 3 Singles.
Vegas a decent series...I don't what it is but its missing something. I love that all the old Las Vegas scenes, it's a nice look into what Vegas looked like back in the day! In my opinion this series will not last long... maybe if the writers picked up their game a bit it will make it!
I'm interested to see where this will go and hope some of the more &#34;stereotypical&#34; things get a little less stereotypical.
The story is slow, but we'll laid out, and keeps just being more creepy. It isn't bad, still early to call though
I'm torn on ATM.  On one hand it's overwhelmingly dumb and filled with plot holes and yet, somehow, I still liked the damn thing.  At an office Christmas party, David has just gotten up the nerve to talk to co-worker Emily (Alice Eve) and offers to give her a ride home.  However his friend Corey (Josh peck from Nickelodeon's Drake & Josh) decides to be a third wheel and tags along for a ride home as well.  Corey asks to stop at an ATM on the way home and that is where the trio's night of terror begins.They stop at one of those enclosed, cabin-type of ATMs that requires your debit card to get into.  As they turn to leave the ATM they see a man standing outside staring at them.  He's dressed in a hooded parka, hiding his face.  Thinking he might want to rob them the three remain inside the safety of the ATM.  But when their tormentor kills a man walking his dog, they realize their situation is much more grave than they thought.  Soon the trio turns on each other as paranoia begins to grip them as the mysterious man just stands outside the ATM, daring them to try and escape.ATM is certainly an interesting concept.  Most of us probably utilize an ATM at least once a week and while I've never used one of these enclosed types of ATMs, I know I certainly always am aware of my surroundings when I use one.  Director David Brooks builds suspense nicely as well as the mystery of their assailant.  I quite enjoyed Josh Peck, having a son who loved Josh and Drake I was very familiar with him and he makes a strong transition to a more adult role.But as mentioned, ATM is quite dumb and if you can't suspend disbelief you're likely not going to enjoy the film much.  There are holes aplenty in the plot.  Why does David park some 60 - 70 feet from the ATM when the parking lot is completely empty, especially when it is below freezing outside?  And the precept that got all three inside the booth was downright silly.  It makes no sense in reality but made no sense in the film either as it wasn't necessary.  With two relatively in shape males and one female all in their 20's, why not rush the man, especially after it was made clear he had no gun or other dangerous weapon?  Why not run in three different directions?  At least two would have escaped and been able to get help.If you can look beyond the many plot holes, ATM is a flawed, but fun film.
This is second only to &#34;Dinner for Schmucks&#34; as the dumbest movie I've ever seen.  I THINK it's supposed to be a spoof on romcoms, but that's just a guess -- that's how bad it is.  I'm surprised that Amy Poehler would agree to appear in such an awful film.  I like Paul Rudd, but he'll appear in anything. I thought Poehler was more discerning.  Save your money!
I could rate this higher in the end.  I've only watched the first two episodes.  Good acting.  Pretty good story so far.
Well, I now know once Woody Allen dies, Julie Delpy can take over. Is that a good thing? Nothing wrong with Delpy as an actress but, honestly, 40 odd minutes into this one I gave up. Oh, I left it running till the end but I just flat-out did not care about these characters. The cast are quite the cast of characters but I found I was not laughing nor remotely interested in these self-involved idiots. In fact, I could sympathize totally with Chris Rock's character wanting to go into his home office and check the heck out of this movie.The extras--sorry, I had no patience to sit through them after wasting time on the actual movie. I'll let some other fool give them a shot here.
Generally I have very little hope for the procedural/police genre. Every season they flood the market hoping to become the new NCIS, and every season they all get cancelled.  This one is no exception.This show started out strong. A female lead, Interesting plot, engaging drama, and just the right amount of pretty to fugly ratio in our characters. And then, halfway through the season, what I can only assume is the original writers going on permanent vacation, the story and the characters became shallow, uninteresting, and the episodes cheap knock-offs from other CSI shows that came before them. Fake, Shallow relationships started popping up with (surprise surprise) the "good" son of a mafia boss, (done before, see Hawaii 5-0, CSI, and NCIS for details). And it keeps getting worse. By the end of the season I literally could not stand Carrie, the lead protagonist. I found her abrasive, agressive, and increasingly irritating character intolerable.In the end the show emphasized only 1 thing: If your boss is your ex-lover (who you obviously still having feelings for, surprise surprise), and you have any kind of super-power (even a lame one like photographic memory), then none of the rules apply to you, and you are the only one who can solve every problem.The "remembering" scenes were cool the first 3 times, but the flashback time in every episode was basically boring as h--- towards the end of the season.I think the writers realized by the 5th episode that the show wasn't going anywhere so they just gave up and moved on to planning the next crime show that will fail next season.
I can't stand comedy that is stupid for the sake of stupid.  Dumb and Dumber and it's ilk make me vomit.  2 minutes into this show I could taste the bile and that's as far as I got.
This is yet another post apocalyptic dystopian view of the future with an interesting twist. Now we are still on Earth but it has been terraformed to look like somewhere else and we are cohabiting with a load of aliens.The main plots lines are very conventional and depend on people doing something stupid to maintain interest (which looses my interest) however there is a background plot which holds some promise. It is fairly obvious that the way this has been scripted allows it to stop at the end of season one or continue if someone continues to fund it.Characters are conventional with the occasional alien thrown in and the odd plot twist added so you do not get too complacent. This is not a cerebral experience and can be watched without too much effort. This is just OK for Sci Fi but these days true science fiction is rare and we must take what we can get. At least it is not full of zombies and vampires which is a relief.
This season starts out exceptionally violent to the point where I wondered if people in Kentucky just use guns and kill each other including law enforcement. The primary enemy of this season is especially despicable and tiresome onscreen. The pregnant ex-wife of Raylan gets less screen time and Rylan gets to be with an owner of a bar and others while she stays with her sister. Still there are some entertaining episodes and the occasional humor can catch the viewer off guard. One episode is both exceptionally violent yet very well done. One of the stupider criminals in town is conned into thinking his kidneys have been removed and in order to get them back, he must rob as many places as he can to pay the criminal who took them. If he goes to the police, the criminal Staes he will destroy the kidneys. That is one disturbing episode and while well done, I felt was exceptionally sadistic. So far I am finding some things to like about this show but very dis appointed also. It makes me miss Deadwood which I know was violent too but made more sense but could be very poignant also. Justified is a combination of cable show wirh some loosely tied story and a network show where the episodes are more loosely tied together and the theme music opens and closes the show with repetitious regularity. I don't care for broadcast network shows and this aspect of Justified which turns me off so. I expect a little more depth in my shows than a smirking hero with a gun.
It has an interesting premise, but struggles to find its legs. First it is a want-a-be Lord of the flies, but then acts more like Earth 2, if the character were teenagers. The more interesting story is still in space, but that side of the story reads like the first draft of Battlestar...actually that is too nice.It is something to watch when there is nothing better on. The acting is second-rate, the plot weak, and the imagination dull.
An interesting idea that will probably be poorly executed.  I just can't stand the same ole made-for-TV unrealistic human dialog and behavior.  The writing is low-grade amaturish mixed with corporate ineptness.
I'm a Scott Adkins fan, so i found a lot to like about this movie. However, I have not followed the Universal Soldiers saga since the original film, so i can understand how fans of the series are disappointed in this project. Personally, i thought Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren were the worst parts of the movie, particularly the stupid speeches Dolph kept giving about being free. And what's with the silly face makeup?
This is a perfect example of how hard it is to be silly and stupid yet still be brilliantly funny. The movie Airplane pulls off that feat with panache, while by comparison Onion News Empire is left fluttering limply in its wake. Watching this pilot, I could almost hear the conversations in the writers' room -- where perhaps some of this actually sounded funny -- with each writer trying to top the other, until rising levels of absurdity completely squelched any actual creative dialogue. Having someone say or do something ridiculous is, in and of itself, not humorous. Jeffrey Tambor comes the closest to rising above the meager material, but even his comedic gifts cannot save this show from itself. To paraphrase Gertrude Stein, when it comes to this show, "there's just no *there* there."
I started to watch the first episode and nearly fell asleep at the start! The intro to the teams competing was too long. i think there were too many competitors too! When the two brothers started their talk on their background, I stopped downloading/streaming and went to somethng else.This series main goal is to capture the competitors emotional up and downs for drama - same attention drivers give when passing a traffic accident. Slow and tedious.
I love John Goodman.  I just don't happen to like the style of humor in Alpha House.  It strikes me as too obvious, not particularly clever, just doesn't make me laugh.  But this is just about my taste.  I am sure their are millions of other people out there who will like it just fine.  Seems well produced, acting is good, etc.
The bar for shows based around professional football hasn't been set very high. There really aren't many shows that made any lasting impression, let alone that were any good. Sadly, &#34;The Rebels&#34; doesn't even clear the low expectations. The first issue is that, once again, we have a football show that seems to be written by people who know nothing about football. Or who, at least, don't care to make the show seem remotely realistic. Now, I know that I shouldn't be expecting realism from a show with a coked out monkey with a gun but the football stuff wasn't funny either. In fact, not much in the show was funny at all.I love Natalie Zea but that just makes me hope even more that this show doesn't get picked up because this would be a waste of her talents.
Matein-MovieAn adult Nancy Drew with an attitude and a chip on the shoulder. A Saturday Matinee Movie following or before a Western.
As a fully animated series, this show has the potential to be a lot of fun.  However, I feel as if this show was written by a Scott Adam wannabe satirist that cobbled together plot points from Tripping the Rift and Farscape.  Successful animated series such as The Simpsons and Family Guy are able to seamlessly merge low-brow, slapstick humor with modern day references and politically incorrect subject matter.  Dark Minions has the potential to push the envelope of "The Office"-style comedy by utilizing the animated stage and the open-ended environment of science fiction.  I will be watching the next episodes.  Good luck.
The film is an English language Spanish production with American stars (Hutton and Garcia-Lorido) and Spanish actors and crew. The supporting characters are well cast but needed bigger roles and better material. The talented Spanish actors seemed restricted by sparse flimsy dialogue and limited (inexperienced?) direction.The core of this psychological thriller is the hunt for a serial killer, stalking his female victims along the northwestern Mediterranean. The very beginning of the movie is disjointed and jumbled across a few countries but most of the story takes place in Spain, where it is discovered, by DNA tests, that the killer is one half of monozygotic twins, conceived by implantation 10 years apart. No spoilers.Timothy Hutton, one of the brightest stars of his generation and the youngest actor ever to receive an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor (Ordinary People, 1980) in 1981, seemed to be unmotivated and sleepwalking in the shallow role of Tom Brindle, the Europol criminal profiler brought in to solve the case.(Hopefully, Hutton took this role to support the young director or simply for a payday, but not because of a career slump).Miguel &Aacute;ngel Silvestre, the 26-year-old, Spanish ex-tennis player, manages the part of Marco, the wrongly accused "good twin", with aplomb. He gives a credible sense of a conflicted, angry and defensive young man.Kate, Marco's love interest is portrayed by the luminous and talented young American actress, Dominik Garcia-Lorido, voted one of 50 Most Beautiful People in 2005 by People Magazine. She is the daughter of Andy Garcia. Viewers may recognize her as Mercedes Lazaro in "Magic City". Her minor role, in this 2008 film, did not take full advantage of her artistic talents.The young director Bryan Goeres' experience was mostly as an assistant director and TV series producer when this movie was made. The writing of the script and story by Jay Beattie and Darby Parker appears to be greatly influenced by their work on TV (Criminal Minds, Knowing, etc.). The script is derivative with similarities to "Law & Order", "Dexter" and the French film "Crimson Rivers", the writing clumsy and the plot plodding in some sequences, while appears rushed in other scenes. The complicated plot twists and uneven rhythm of the story detracted from the psychological momentum or thrill factor. Set decorations are uneven and amateurish. Special effects are substandard.The "twins" angle and the contrived ending may have been the impetus to produce this movie, but sadly it fell flat. It is a far cry from the outstanding contributions of the greatly talented Spanish actors and directors that have been distinguished in the international film industry.Upon reflection (sic.) I should not have wasted time watching this.
The best part of Season 4 is in Alaska.It seems the crew we first followed in Season 1 hasn't learned much about planning because they constantly seem to be ill-prepared and make the same mistakes time and time again.If there is a season 5 it will only be because of the interest people have in what the guys are doing in Alaska.
Disappointed they virtually ignored the black artist.  With so many young black children needing inspiration, to know that there are more doors than rap open to them, it is important that respect and recognition be shown.  Very disappointed.
warning warning this VHS movie is a homemade vhs recorded, cheap cheap I don't know how they make it..5 retard white dudes get lost in the country side...well this is a bad really bad movie..this is the one of the worst movies I ever seen in my short life ))))))) stay away, don't rent don't buy don't see, do not try to see in Netflix stay away....
I can understand the necessity of some divergence from the book and characters, and I even understand the rationale for some of the specific changes they made, but there's a serious disconnect between the two. That's OK, because the book was even worse. But even though a lot happens in each episode, yet it seems like little forward motion in the story. It drags. And worst of all, the acting is truly awful in nearly all cases. Many good series with good writing, good stories, good actors get cancelled. They're going to renew this for a second season? Only because it has Stephen King's name on it. Don't waste the precious hours of your life on this.
3 guys living with girl whom they treat like their little sister even though she is full grown woman and educator of children.  They act a gang of teenagers
I guess the most disappointing aspect that I really found despicable and I watched most of the series - was the obvious hatred of Christians written in by series writers.  All male Christians in the series were portrayed as sniveling cowards that cried like &#34;little girls&#34; throughout the series. In addition, there was an obvious flaunting of sexual perversion against the priest that, although a sniveling coward is kept like a pet by Ragnah.  He and his wife mock the priest by inviting him in their bed, something Vikings of that time would never have done.  Just some more Hollywood perversion portrayed as historical fact by anti-Christian bigots.
By Season 2, Vera has begun to mellow a bit, and I found myself hating her less.  Stories are still pretty good and Vera iscoming off more human with fewer tantrums thrown.  Actually, I am surprised that the Chief Constable hasn't censured her by now. They say that series 3 is in the making, but I don't think I will lose any sleep waiting for it.
The story was interesting but effects and budget where low by BBC standards.  It was nice that it's all wrapped up in just 6 episodes.
Well, the acting is great and the characters are very interesting but it's one of those shows where the longer I watched it the more I felt as if I were doing something I shouldn't. I realize there is adultery and there are dirty politics but it just isn't something I want to fill my brain with and call it entertainment.
This whole season is a overlong, tedious remake of the movie. Anyone who would be interested in the series has already has already seen the far superior movie. It should have either done the movie in the pilot and given us new material from then on, or just started up after the incident at the bar in Mexico. It has that weird pacing and dialog of a Rodriguez/Tarentino movie, sort of: its too slow. You need to really be in the mood for this type of picture.I would not recommend this entire series as is. It is a great idea, has RR doing the directing, etc. but it doesn't click.
It tries to be funny, but is just irritating in its overuse of profanity and cliche. I would have expected better from this writer.
Do we really need another show dealing with the superficial problems of the self-engrossed seeking pleasure and their disappointment with life not always giving them what they seek.  I have no need to see any more neurotic &#34;entertainment&#34;.  Please do not waste any more time, effort and money and end this with the pilot.
The show is taking off to a slow start. I expected more from the last season. Hopefully it warms up in the next few episodes.  I've seen better from this show.
The standard maverick man and woman team bounced from their day job who go freelance to solve problems.  Woman has long blonde hair, and is tall.  Totally unbelievable as a tough woman. (How I long for Peta Wilson's Nikita, and Alberta Watson's Madelene. Man pleasant but dull.  Scripts are retreads with nothing interesting going on.  Lacks sparkle.
First, Eliza Dushku is not, by any standards, a very good actress (although gorgeous). Her appearances in the Buffy and Angel universe, playing a great character (Fatih), was always a little bit embarassing when she was confronted with the better actors around her (Sarah Michelle, Boreanaz, James Masters, Anthony Stewart Head, Alyson Hannigan).Then, the show itself. Whedon fans will think everything he does is marvellous. But simply it is not. In this first season, there are some episodes that border on unwatchable (my favorite "worst" is episode number 7, "Echoes". Its 49 minutes seemes like two hours). The concept of the show itself is strange: basically, all characters are despicable. Even Echo's handler is evil. Why? Because everyone in his right mine must be intrinsically evil to work in a comapny like the Dollhouse. Heck, the Dollhouse business makes even Wolfram & Hart seem like children playing...The genius guy, Topher, the handlers, Adelle (who coldly puts people in the Attic), everybody is obnoxious just for working for that kind of corporation. And that's exactly what FBI agent Paul Ballard, theoretically the strongest moral person of the show, believes but, tcham tcham tcham!! For the sake of shocking plot twist, and nothing more than that, he begins to work for the Dollhouse ath the end of the season...Also, we have all the usual Whedon trademark talking, trademark alternative rock songs at the end of each episode, trademark photography, etc.. After some time, this gets boring.How this show survived its first season is a miracle.
This is a first: An unusual number of five star ratings at a rate that surpasses all of this past years Academy Award (Oscars) nominated movies put together (TOTAL). Also, interesting is that the same fanatic slasher types are hacking the heads off of any one who dares give it one star (or less). Depending on date the same reviewers gave the one star reviews a: 0 out of 25; 0 out of 14; 0 out of 13; 0 out of  12, 0 out of 11. I'm just happy they're not all from Salem.The reason: A large number of people are making sure their Kickstarter funding for this movie proves rewarding.The movie: Simplistic dialogue that could only come from a cliche saturated Hollywood high school apprentice writer. Acting so bad the actors could manage only one short emotionless line then pause for the next actor to robotically respond in kind; back and tediously back and forth. Scenes composed of  95% dumbed down dialogue. Other 5% of scenes composed of a superficial attempt to  appear current e.g. tablets, internet video, Samsung product placement phones. Lot of formula characters e.g. dumb act cool cops; surfer dude; party people; lawyer cutouts; etc.Baddd: How bad? I was ff after 10 minutes and checking it every 10 to see if anything changed. Answer - as blandly homogenized as milk.People! For the honest reviewers not financially invested in this movie; if you want to see quality acting, storyline, sets, props and actually have to think, then watch "The Best Offer". It may cleanse you of the effects of this film's shallow banality. As far as the "fanatic-obsessives" I hope that VM series wasn't a representation of lives (un)productively lived. Let me know.
Frankly, it's gotten really dull. I love Elizabeth Shue and thought she could bring some zing to the show, but it's just run it's course and should be put out of its misery.
This Australian film moves from interesting (a lone hunter out to bag the last Tasmanian tiger) to so unsatisfying that a person might wish he'd spent his time more productively, like washing the car.Martin David (Willem Dafoe), an unhappy, taciturn loner, is hired by a mysterious corporation to go to Tasmania and take tissue and blood samples from the one remaining Tasmanian tiger. He'll have to kill it first, of course. When he arrives he finds unfriendly men, a perhaps too helpful but cautious Jack Mindy (Sam Neill) and a conflict between those who want to log ancient trees for jobs and those who want to save the forests. His base is a broken down and eccentrically decorated wooden house with a mother passed out from drugs and drink and her two kids, one a precocious pre-teen and the other a young boy who doesn't speak, only draws. They are cutely named Sass and Bike. The husband has been missing in the forests for a month or two.Martin David prowls through the Tasmanian forests seeking evidence of where the Tasmanian devil lurks. He sets steel traps (illegal), gazes at the beautiful scenery, looks more and more conflicted, and eventually realizes that the corporation has more than one hunter after the animal.And then the movie goes flat, manipulative and becomes deeply unsatisfying. There are good tree huggers victimized by rowdy loggers (there's a message for us), predictable betrayal, the utterly unnecessary deaths of two sympathetic characters, and a conclusion that is sticky with sentiment on the one hand and unethical on the other. If we have to destroy a village to save it, Martin David, with a new, mystical appreciation of nature, is the man to hire. Dafoe, however, gives an engrossing performance.
Good title, great cast with a sick story to tell. After reading several of the reviews, decided to watch this and evaluateSPOILER ALERT- If young male rape and its consequences is what you seek - then this is your movie! Perhaps if I read more reviews I may have picked up on that. Shoulda passed on this one.
For a cop show, it was more drama than action; however I found it interesting and would like to see the rest of the season
Raylan - US Marshall, gets sent back home because of a &#34;Justified&#34; shooting that he did that was viewed as socially questionable by the Marshall Service.Boyd - Bad boy with questionable morals that Raylan knew while he was working the mines.Plot - Bad guys galore, tons of shooting and other more bizarre ways to get killed.First 3 seasons, I would rate right up there as excellent.  Over the top violence, decently handled, a &#34;Big Bad&#34; every season that served the purpose and there was a nice levity to Raylan's approach to dealing out justice.  Low tolerance for stupidity and a &#34;get the job done&#34; attitude.Superman?  No not Raylan, as he has been known to get the crap beat out of himself on several occasions in the series.  Made some believable dumb decisions.  But it's been entertaining.This season....  Well, it's like they've been cruising downhill depending on prior momentum to keep it going.  Lack of Big Baddie, pacing has been off and the big thing this season, so far seems to be a carrier bag that dropped from the sky many years ago that was filled with cocaine.Raylan seemed to have his own episodes, Boyd his own and the two didn't cross.Boyd this season is portrayed much less ambiguously and more straight out do whatever needs to be done to help along his drug and other nefarious business.  Still some of the humor in the relationship of the two exists, but a lot of the complexity that they had given Boyd and that I had really enjoyed, seems to have evaporated.This one to my mind is on my &#34;critical care&#34; list, sticking with it in hopes that it's going to get it's act together, but the fun that I've had with it in the past just isn't there.Acting still good, I blame the scripts.
DEEP SOUTH PARANORMAL, in the words of a useless TV critic, is a pathetic attempt to marry "Duck Dynasty" with "Ghost Adventures" (that critic said "Ghost Hunters" but I disagree). Ostensibly composed of a team of Alabama boys on the one hand and Louisiana Cajuns on the other, SOUTH takes us to not-so-spooky locations in ... well, the deep South.Well, this gang here comes off a lot smarter than the idiots from "Ghost Adventures", but the same old tired night-vision-swelling-creepy-music-for-absolutely-no-reason is here too. The difference is these boys have fun, don't mind showing their true selves, and on occasion simply eat instead of doing their work but when they work at least there's not so much fakery as there is in the other paranormal shows. Even "The Haunted Collector" has gone totally off its rails. I admit DEEP SOUTH is a lot more fun than watching Zak Bagan's constant agonizing, as operatic and drama-queenish as Ryan Buell when he was doing "Paranormal State".Well, one day the paranormal craze will end, the Southern-Idiot Show and Idiot-Southerner Show will end, the pointless outdoors-oriented shows will end ... and what then? I keep praying a new Gene Rodenberry will present himself (or herself) and make some good TV.I was the first critic, several decades ago, to decry the lack of any decent, genuine Southern-oriented shows on TV or in cinema. In the movies they had boneheads from New England playing Southern roles. It made me sick. Even worse is today's trend showing duck hunters, a beauty pageant child from Georgia and other atrocities.Someone else kindly critiqued this trend, saying audiences have had enough with Kardashians and real housewives: they want some gentle, humorous distractions on TV and the folks of the South are the ones to do it. Well I agree totally, but the folks of the South also need to step up to the plate.The only - and I do mean only - individual here worth a show of his own is "Old" Hart Fortenbery, the Cajun magician who openly and humorously practices the Gris-Gris religion that is centered around his native Louisiana. I know characters like Hart, and I just love him. In fact, reviewers of SOUTH often chase after what I call "Hartisms", Old Hart's incredibly hilarious lines and pronouncements.My personal favorite Hartism, which you won't hear on DEEP SOUTH, is Hart's advice to young people: "Chase your dream until you catch it. Fail till you don't." Heck, he's the only character on the show who seems the most genuine, except that he is in his early 50s. The show would have us assume he is in his 70s.They should have given him his own show with a cast he could order around, with him leading the way. Fortenbery is such a colorful, fascinating rascal I suggest readers Google him under the heading "Posthaste vs. HART FORTENBERY - The Independent Media Group", to read a fun little interview with him before he landed the DEEP SOUTH gig. This man is crazy and a bit of a local pain-in-the-derriere. Yet he has more presence on the web than the Congressman named Fortenberry.As I said, I just love him.
loved the story but a little gory for my taste yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes,yes, yes, yes, yes yes.
too violent.... more than other programs ... couldn't watch it... though for comparison, i found the killings on netflix gripping...
..Or change the outfit to purple and call it Hawkeye for Marvel comic fans.  The show is okay, but not as good as I had hoped and certainly not original concept or storylines at all.
Season 1 of Under the Dome started off on a relative high note, and at the very least was intriguing enough to keep me watching as things fell apart. By the end, viewers were left with a ruin of jumbled concepts and terrible dialogue, as well as characters that the writers couldn't seem to agree on, each script pulling them in different directions. Instead of establishing psychological complexity, it left an impression of indecisive, inconsistent writing; and the details surrounding the revised and expanded plot-line became straight-up hilarious, taking one of King's stupider books and somehow managing to dumb it down further.I was interested to see if the producers might have been able to salvage something from the smoking rubble they had left themselves with, taking the downtime between filming periods to rebuild the story for season 2. But episode 1 made it pretty clear that Under the Dome is unfixable. Stephen King scripted the season premiere, which no doubt piqued the interest of even those viewers who had abandoned all hope during season 1, but my god... keep that man away from all film sets. While some of his books have been adapted into great films -- The Shining, Stand By Me, and The Mist come to mind -- whenever he gets involved in the transition process, things go horribly wrong. An unintentionally hilarious 'crisis' strikes Chester's Mill once again, as the now sentient Dome throws a hissy-fit and somehow magnetizes itself. As metallic objects start flying through the air in the cheap, clunky manner of the original Star Trek, Under the Dome became a total write-off. I continued watching but ceased to care.
I really like Morgan Freeman; he seems to be especially good in movies about animals.  "March of the Penguins" was outstanding, and "Dolphin Tale," while still being a "weepy," was an excellent film.  Rarely will you find a more sympathetic character than Winter, one of the dolphins in Florida who are still worth rooting for.But Mr. Freeman and people?  Well usually they get along just fine.  But not here.  He's curmudgeony, but not curmudgeony enough.  He doesn't think much of it when a disabled kid is hopping around like a rabbit, and he's way too helpful when a little girl -- who reminds me of Abigail Breslin in "Little Miss Sunshine," which surely couldn't be a bad thing -- comes poking around looking for inspiration on her next novel.  OK; maybe not novel.  But at least three difficult words of the week to appease her mom.This starring role reminds me of the character played already by Clint Eastwood in "Grand Torino," a film that really worked for me.  Mr. Eastwood played it just right.  He was curmdudgeony and he was damned well proud of it.  Sure, Mr. Eastwood eventually came around, but it took huge effort and time.  And those are some things that this film, director, and Mr. Freeman should have used for inspiration.This movie is pandering, and it does one thing that a movie never must do with me:  play with my emotions.  Once you do that you lose me, and they lost me at "hello" (and maybe "Welcome to Belle Isle").  But I'll still go three because I am a fan of Mr. Freeman and Virginia Madsen, as I've said ad nauseum before.  I'm just not a fan of this film.  They should have given the dog a bigger part, as Mr. Freeman would have surely then been in his element.
It couldn't keep my kids ages 3-14 entertained, it was a waste of time.  watched different apposed and it was the same.  it's not like the old one
Hey, guys, I love this show, but I'm PAYING for it so I won't have to watch your stupid ads. FOX, you've seriously screwed up, in this viewers opinion. Bad. Bad enough that I WILL NOT be spending money for this show again if it has ads.
A colleague asked that I view this season because there is an overlap in our specific medical interests. With heroine addiction as in other types of substance abuse, there is decreased ability in the body's immune system and infectious disease becomes more difficult to treat. I very much doubt that I would be able to accomplish what she does with interventions. There seems to be so much darkness before there can be light again . . . if  death doesn't intervene! Yes, I do understand addiction and the absolute need for intervention and treatment. Diagnosing an infectious disease process for substance abusers requires treating both conditions . . . it's the same body/mind. It was past difficult to observe that one intervention and this is certainly an accurate portrayal of the 'real' one.Recommended? That's a good question that I don't have a glib answer for . . . those considering an intervention? Substance abusers? Those interested in human behavior? Perhaps one episode if you are interested in finding a few answers to your own questions.I've viewed 'Chasing The White Dragon,' 'The Global Addiction,' 'Afghanistan: The Opium Trail,' and 'One Man's Seduction.'  If you have an interest in grower to user, 'The Global Addiction' is a 30 min overview by ABC Australia, that is well narrated and reasonably accurate.[Season 10 review]
I would have rated this higher but there are NO SUBTITLES!!!  I should have read previous reviews AND I &#34;should&#34; have noticed that it was DVD-R, printed on &#34;demand&#34; (and they NEVER have subtitles). So what's up with DVD-R on &#34;demand&#34;?!  I was just looking forward to getting season 3 - I didn't read the reviews because I had seasons 1 and 2, and knew the show.  One of the first times I've felt ripped off but I should have been paying more attention - my bad.  The show itself is fine, but they talk awfully fast and REALLY could have used subtitles for those of us who are hearing impaired!
Petty fights and arguments all season long. Karen stinks doesn't add any relevancy, just high school drama. Her dad was a mobster not her, no one is afraid of Karen. She's delusional.
As a kid I grew up watching sitcoms like Newhart, Designing Women and Cheers. While I have never seen Glee but by the song numbers I feel the effort by this first show is to bring it to he next level and I did enjoy a hadful of the songs Going Viral and Tweeting. made me laugh as Do not Uck With Me, was a surprise to see where such a show on Amazon can go were Tv can't and show humor and taste in doing so. I gave three stars mostly do to the fact that the story seemed limited by song numbers that if I had to put a number on should be 3-4 per show. If amazon picks it up I will likely give it more time to grow on me and develop its style.
It's totally my fault for not watching the trailer for THE BAY before renting this film, but I had no idea the entire thing would be a collection of poorly filmed video clips, interviews, and shaky-cam shots of people running about and screaming.  That's about it.  There is no plot and there are no characters.OK, there are a few characters.  Kristen Connolly ("Cabin in the Woods") plays a reporter who is making a documentary about a disastrous plague that infected a small coastal town in Maryland.  It's her voice you hear doing voiceovers, and she's the one pulling all the different film clips together from material confiscated by the government.  Frank Deal plays Mayor John Stockman, who was told about the toxicity in the bay but refused to do anything (he's pretty much a retread of the mayor in JAWS who wouldn't close the beaches because he was worried about the tourist trade).  Then there are a bunch of characters called "Victim #1," "Fair Man," "Activist," "Middle Aged Supporter," and "Bob."  I don't remember any of them individually.  But who cares?The plot can be summed up as follows:  The water in the bay is toxic because the mayor allowed chicken processing companies to dump their waste into it, which created mutant parasites, which infected the fish, which infected the people, who are now all developing grotesque blisters and lesions and generally going berserk.  We see a couple of so-called "research scientists" doing ridiculous experiments like looking inside a fish's mouth with a flashlight (aha! Parasites in there!).  Doctors speak like high school students.  People run around bleeding and screaming and throwing up.  And Kristen Connolly tries to be all serious as she comments on all this like it's really, really happening.THE BAY is a low budget parody of CONTAGION (which also suffered from too little characterization).  I have no clue why critics gave this film positive reviews - I guess they enjoyed the "found footage" technique far more than I did (if I never see a "found footage" film again, it will be too soon!).  Just know what you're getting before you put down your money.
I wish Hollywood would Grow UP! Similar to most teen TV shows, the producers and writers seem to forget how "adult" and "intelligent" young kids are these days. We grow up much faster than say the 1950's. LOL!! Wish they would keep up with that FACT.  The character "Danny" who is the high school "villain" is an interesting character but their version of "high school" teenage behavior is "completely unrealistic" to how REAL human teenagers would behave towards him! In my old high school (in Miami, Fla.), he would get LOST in the crowd amongst the drug dealers and car thieves and in fact: no one would care if he killed his aunt (especially since no "normal" educated/ rational-minded high school kids do not know the reason for killing BUT can strongly assume his aunt could of physically abused him in some way) and for the simple FACT that domestic abuse among families is a common social problem and has been for the last 50 years in America. So..for us modern day viewers" who watch TV: we can "Suspend Our Disbelief" (as they call it) but only to a point. Unfortunately, this show far beyond what I am able to find believable or real.  The down side to most of the teen TV dramas of today's era is that the "Adult" writers create characters who don't "think" as normal human beings but more like criminals that you would see in jail but instead of "jail" they are set in a high school environment. Unfortunately, most teen dramas these days write content that portray teenagers to be mean, callous and inhuman with NO Intelligence as to their choice of behavior which is not the case of a real teenage human being. I wonder if this is an influence to so many common high school shootings and online bullying (that you would never see in past generations). Hollywood is indirectly educating this crap to what "high school" life is like, which is scary, at best!! If I was a young teenager in 7th grade, saw this insanity and thought this is what high school is like? I would drop out and get my GED and head for community college FAST!!!
Someone in the comments section said this movie was a remake of 'Ch&#363;shingura'.  Huh?  Ch&#363;shingura is a 47 Ronin movie. This is clearly a 'Seven Samurai' type movie.But it - in an effort to bigger and better than the original - has almost twice as many samurai. And that's a problem.Movies follow certain conventions. For example almost all movies are about two hours long. There are no thee minute movies released as feature films in theaters and there are no 37 hour movies. Experience has shown that audiences will sit for an hour and a half or two hours. Less than that and they feel cheated. More than that and their backsides go numb.We also have a convention that the star's name goes above the title in the opening credits. Then we list the players for the major roles and finally the supporting players.A movie plot normally will have about five major parts. These are the characters who get enough screen time that the audience can remember who they are. There will often be a dozen minor characters whom we usually won't recognize at first or remember afterwards.This is obviously a problem with a movie like 'Seven Samurai' or it's American spinoff 'The Magnificent Seven'.  There are too many characters for a two hour (or three hour) movie. For example in 'The Magnificent Seven'. Brynner and McQueen are the stars. Wallach is the villain. So we really only have room for a couple more. Bucholtz is the young lover so he gets some screen time.  But the other of the seven are really only sketched in. There are just too many of them. It is a tribute to the director that we can remember any of them like Brad Dexter or James Coburn. They are each only on screen for only seconds.It is worse however when you move from seven samurai to thirteen. Much worse. There is still only room for about five real characters so most of the 13 assassins are just faceless troops.This is a mature samurai movie. The bad samurai movies - or &#34;chop 'em ups&#34; - have a lot of sword play from the beginning and usually some fantastic elements. These are junk cinema. But '13 Assassins' follows the other path. There is at first little action. The characters sit in paper walled rooms knelling in front of each other and bowing a lot. They discuss duty, obligations, honor and clan relationships. The plot is about how one of them is caught in an impossible dilemma. Then typically the aggrieved party explodes in violence in the final reel. I love these kind of movies.Most samurai films are from the period of the Tokogawa Shogunate. This one is at the very end just before the Meijii Restoration. The historical setting is well handled and contributes to the story. This story would not be the same in the early seventeenth century.
Poorly written, terribly acted. Only Jon Daly's character is remotely amusing but the cringe-worthy &#34;nerd&#34; dialogue written by someone who clearly gets all their nerd info from the internet in 2010 and Big Bang Theory reruns completely overshadows that one bright spot. Terrible.
It was fine - not my favorite but a comic on her way up. Some of the same cliche material I hear from others but a spark if the individual world view comes to the fore.
This is a silly movie featurette. These girls must have had a good time being paid for little acting and mostly skin exposure.
I apologize to Nickelodeon for my poor critique of "iCarly," but I just don't like this show. The humor is composed of bad word-play that can barely inspire chuckles in anybody, along with funny words and speech. It just comes off as cheesy, and albeit a bit of the humor in this situation comedy is usually the sort of comedy that I would find humorous, for some reason it just cannot make me laugh. True, a few times there have been a couple of gags that have left me rolling on the floor laughing, but for the most part this series just does not amuse me. There are a few episodes that I like to watch, but I really do not like "iCarly" very much. Although there have been some humorous jokes, a lot of times you will find more cheese in this series than you would in a Wisconsin supermarket. If you want a hilarious, entertaining television program, watch "Rugrats," "Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius," or "Hey, Arnold!" I'm really, really sorry, Nickelodeon; I just do not always like to watch iCarly.
Don't get me wrong. I really enjoy SOA. Very good show, BUT it would even be better if they kept the small talk down to a minimum. They are constantly having one on one conversations that are on the boring side. Especially Gemma and Tara,Turning out to be more soap opera than action.
I used to enjoy Futurama, but not anymore. It is almost like Matt Groening is saying how far left can we go. It is amazing to me how anti-christian this show has gone. This eposide is just anothe rexample. I still watch the show sometimes, but only on TV. I will not pay for this show and I turn the channel when it starts to get to be to much.Sad to see Futurama destroyed like this.
This is the fourth pilot I have watched and the weakest.  Who cares for these people?  No character development.  An d the monster in the woods with absolutely no info, come on!!  Who scripted this group?  They sure are much good to each other.  Disappointing.
If you like to watch drunks talk and swill booze, this is the show for you. For myself: not so much
I want to like this one, but its off in too many ways.The acting is mediocre and the characters seem too cliche.That may of been okay if the story had been been more engrossing. I don't hate it, but I'm on the fence about it.I might give this one more chance if it didn't mean having to give up the other shows up for grabs. Of those, this is one of not so good ones.
In the trailer we see rave reviews from obscure fan sites comparing this film to Toby Hoppers's ground breaking "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" The eternal classic that provided pure terror at a completely subliminal level.There is no real bloodshed or gore in TCM and it remains one of the few horror films on permanent collection within the Museum of Modern Art.Then we see an equally false claim comparing this film to the original cult classic "Evil Dead". Sheer brilliance on behalf of Sam Raimi, outrageous production value for it's time and budget - and forever casting Bruce Campbell as one of Horror Fans most beloved actors. Both films scoring a well deserved 99% -98% on rottentomates.Enter "I didn't come here to die" this film is more than unworthy in every respect to even stand in the shadows of these motion pictures, let alone be compared to them.Never theatrically released. First time director and writer of the film Bradley Scott Sullivan does a miserable job trying to weave a plot and a compelling story line by stealing specific shots of other, much better and well concieved horror movies - one example being the long shot of the van driving towards the woods - is right out of Chainsaw.Hollow performances by unknowns abound and dreary, sullen predictable dialogue - these are characters we could care less about and perhaps this is the movies most fatal flaw. Because not only is it important that we care about the characters we have to want to root for them - this clunker establishes neither.What those looking to cash in on the genre tend to do over and over is dismiss the intelligence of the audience they're playing to. We're far more both knowledgeable about what makes for good horror and what is more have a keen eye for cliche'. The film might as well have been titled "Accident Prone In Woods" I think even gore and splatter fans will find this movie disappointing and anyone with a decent eye, certainly any Dick Smith or Tom Savini fan will find the effects laughable at best.This is the kind of film you can walk into at any point and know immediately what you're seeing and where it's headed. I adore indy films and really do try to take into consideration they are more often than not an effort of love and homage. That said, it's important to overlook flaws you might be tempted to focus on regarding big Hollywoodmachine Horror franchises.But they're exceptions, there are films built on greed that are sub par on virtually every level a movie can be. Films that have made the mistake of dumbing down  for their their audience. "I didn't come here to die" is a shinning example of just that.
The movie was not worth watching, and I paid for it. It was to far out there, story line silly.
When this show started it was fresh and really good.  Season 4 turned into something really stupid and just not right!  I doubt if it will make it to season 5.
&#34;If everything was great then nothing would be great, nothing would be special.&#34; Amy (Roberts) is a naive college grad who dreams of being a poet and being published. After sending samples of her work to every publisher she can think of she is disheartened when they all turn her down. She reluctantly takes a job at an adult sex shop while waiting for her big break. She also meets her idol Rat Billings (Cusack) who turns out not to be what she was hoping for. First and foremost this movie is entertaining and easy to watch. On the other hand though its pretty generic and predictable. Emma Roberts continues to grow as an actress and it's only a matter of time before she wins an Oscar. The movie itself is OK and worth seeing but this is nothing all that special and isn't really one I would watch over again. There is both comedy and heart in this but real substance is lacking. All that said though I do think this is fun and entertaining but don't expect to be blown away. Overall, good and worth seeing but really only once. I give this a B-.
I just can't, I can't-----I can't stand the bad acting and that Jenny Whatever actress---just horrible, horrible...what is up with her mouth, it was soooo distracting, then it hit me, the actress is slurring her lines! Sooo unrealistic----sorry, but Lifetime was always known for being corny, but some of the old Lifetime Movies were pretty interesting....NOW, they just suck.....don't bother, move on and don't waste 15mins on this drivel....I was actually rooting for the crazy psycho to get this horrible actress with the annoying mouth, the bleached hair and the dead eyes----just can't get pass the 15mins....just can't!
disappointing - characters are silly and their reactions are even worse - opening scene of chaos was badly directed. i like this kind of film but it is no Invasion LA
Maybe the show relies too heavily on character development and little on storyline development.  The show starts to rut in the first one or two episodes - that's a bummer.  The lead male anchor is very attractive and slightly self-centered, that's all it's got going for it so far.  Will I pay to complete the season?  Not sure - I'll see if I can find something else better.m
The story of this was okay, but the comedic aspects were weak.  The concept would work well as more of a drama series with some comedy mixed in.  Also, the show shouldn't be about &#34;frat-house musicians.&#34;  Do they really party all that much?  Tone down the boozing and the sexuality a bit, and this could be a real mainstream hit.
Trying to be a little cryptic here to avoide spoilers. I didn't like path that they chose to go in the final season. Very dark, spy based story with very little of the gang getting together to help someone out; I'm not sure they even used the &#34;the client&#34; subtitle at all this year. The finale had some surprises but wasn't really as emotional as was intended. The only satisfying part was how they handled Jesse and Sam's final scene.
As a HUGE fan of cop shows and procedurals, I was really looking forward to loving this pilot.  Production value is top notch, the casting director truly knows talent and the location access was pretty impressive.  Unfortunately, that's where the positive ends.Granted, I'm not familiar with the books but I shouldn't have to be to recognize a good show.  Given it's virtual who's who of talented character actors this should have been a slam dunk.  I don't think you can ask for a better lead than Titus Welliver in anything but given his skill-set, you've got to give him more to &#34;play&#34; than these cop procedural 101 scenes.You're asking me to follow him as a lead but don't really give me a reason to.  By the end of the piece I still have no real sense of who he is or how he operates.  Against the grain like Greg House or quietly clever like Columbo.  There is no character meat.  And that is saying something considering that Titus is one of the most &#34;character rich&#34; actors working today.In the pilot, nobody really likes him and no one really doesn't like him.  He's so middle-of-the-road I don't know if I like him.  All his relationships are identical, male or female with the possible exception of his partner played by Jamie Hector.  AKA one of the only actor who managed to find an interesting character to play given the trite, mundane dialogue of this entire show.  That said, I want to give special shout-outs to Amy Aquino and Alan Rosenberg who also shine through the plodding.Ultimately, it comes down to the writing that stops me from loving the show.  It's a so-so script.  For lack of a better term, it is &#34;lazy&#34;.  Especially for a show where you're not solving any cases in an single episode.  You've got time for the coming situations to breathe and happen more organically, right?  But the script doesn't use it.Classic example: There is a nice love interest brewing with Annie Wersching's character, Julia Brasher.  But the characters never have to work for it, you know?  A veteran officer and a rookie meet at a crime scene and are on a semi-first date within scenes of a 50 minute pilot.  This would be so much more interesting and rewarding had they let this happen more organically over several run-ins and/or incidents,  so it doesn't feel like this happening because the procedural handbook of a script says so.Another example --  The lieutenant (Amy Aquino) comes to Bosch's home to chew his ass.  She lays down the law and shuts him down and he needs to convince her to temporarily &#34;look the other way&#34;.  Does he maybe tell her how he's been slipping the last few years and need this to get back to the cop he knows he can be again?  No.  Does he then maybe tell her &#34;With all due respect, don't threaten me, Lieu.  I'm gonna close this case for you&#8230;for me.  Either arrest me now or get out of my way and let me do it.  I'm asking for a second chance here.&#34;Either of which would given us more drama (possibly) or, a least, given us more sense of the man.  But, no, he doesn't do either. Instead he hands her a box with a bone in it and says, &#34;Look at this.&#34;  And she, who's seen 1000 bones in her career and will most likely see 1000 more before it's over -- caves.  WTF?!  Really?!We, as an audience, are not challenged or engaged in the piece because our lead character is not.
Entertaining but predictable.Was interested in seeing this because of M Strahan's executive producer role.Wouldn't have much dialogue except for the locker room language, but in all enjoyed it
Great show, weak season. It was short and locals were a little ugh. One episode was a reckless of other seasons.
Note: I saw the pilot episode of the show via XFinity On Demand.Having seen the 1931, 1958, 1979, and 1992 versions of Dracula by Bram Stoker (and not in that specific order), I decided to give the pilot of this series a bite. The trailers looked enticing, and Jonathan Rhys-Myers does a very convincing American accent.Instead of being satisfied with the blood, I was confused, and felt like Lestat when he drinks the blood of two dead boys in Interview With The Vampire. The plot bears hardly any resemblance to the novel, and it's more like a sexed-up, stripped-down version of the novel. And while the 1931, 1979 & 1958 versions aren't exactly close to the book either, they're at least more watchable than this tired mess of rotting flesh. The definitive Dracula film, in my opinion, is Bram Stoker's Dracula, directed by Francis Ford Coppola (the Godfather trilogy) and starring Gary Oldman, Winona Ryder, Academy Award winner Sir Anthony Hopkins, Keanu Reeves, Cary Elwes, Sadie Frost, Monica Belluci, Richard E. Grant, Bill Campbell and Tom Waits as Renfield.Skip this pile of ash.
Last season I wrote how I disliked this show -and how I would keep watching- I did and now am more favorably impressed... Big Jim is turning out to be more pragmatic than psychotic (and junior also appears more sane giving credence to idea the dome influenced his behavior)- he IS. still kind of Looney Tunes though. The main heroine and hero are still routine but that is not bad.Either the show is much better or my tastes are mellowing... Hmm, my Life Stresses are lower.Most viewers who like ongoing oddness shows should like this.
The film has some effective moments of tension. However, the filmmakers attempt a backstory explaining the source of the paranormal activity is weak, which is the main failing of the film.
I didn't like it, everyone was naked at some point, or having sex or thinking about having sex or unclear of there sexual orientation. And that was pretty much the whole show in a nut shell
There are too many scenarios that just don't seem realistic:* why would all those people try to topple the ambulance ... and from both sides?* what happened to all the people who were in the road and at the front of the ambulance before he moved forward? They suddenly disappeared, and not one person was run over during the escape. Right.* the road was wide open for them to drive right out of a business center into a residential neighborhood .. this was a workday obviously, and everyone would be trying to get to loved ones.* obviously some serious shtf, and none of these retards stops to think for a second about security? Just leave the gate open. Hell the show doesn't even let us know if it's open or not.Suspension of disbelieve was broken so many times, I couldn't stand to watch another episode.
It's pro cow milk, but tries to be &#34;balanced&#34; which it is not.  Both sides, for and against, drinking cow's milk is presented.  There's a growing scientific body of work, including my own body, that proves milk is not healthy for the human body. Cow milk is for the calf which they even stop drinking at a certain point.  Read Eat To Live by Dr Fuhrman, way more informative.
This movie drags, but it is original and has some funny moments. This is the End was the funnier apocalypse movie of the summer.
Raw...not what I expected. I was surprised this was accessible by anyone. I am not a prude but was offended.
This cooking show is cattle call style like the &#34;idol&#34; type shows.  So tired of weird people and weird ingredients.  Once again I appreciate the cooks on pbs (bless you Julia wherever you are) who actually taught us something about food and cooking.
All of the actors/actresses in this film are talented and accomplished. I am not in the film industry so it's difficult to pinpoint what went wrong.Between the screenwriting,the direction,the cuts;something definitely did not work.Olivia Wilde's character ,in this movie, is so incredibly irritating that it was difficult to watch.I have seen her in other story lines and she is likable.
Same story as many others.  Damsel meets danger, is rescued by dashing monster person, damsel falls madly in love- pining away for years until she finds.  Did not appreciate this in any way. Although I am sure some school age girls might appreciate it.
This movie had such great potential. It features a powerhouse cast, including Kirsten Dunst, Rebel Wilson, Isla Fisher, and many other fairly well known actors/comedians. Sadly, the contents of the movie were more dismal than anything.If I had to sum up this movie, I would say it is a combination of the Hangover and American Pie minus the laughs. A pack of girlfriends from high school are reunited when one of them is engaged to be married (Rebel Wilson). Most of the story centers around the hours, and events, leading up to the wedding.The problems I had with this movie are many. First of all, Rebel Wilson, arguably the funniest of the bunch, is absent throughout roughly 90% of the movie. Maybe they should have had her switch roles with one of the other ladies and improvise a bit. Could have helped things ALOT! And I noticed they gave Horatio Sans a credit in the movie on the Amazon listing. He was in it for roughly a minute. It was much more a cameo than anything else.They joke around about doing coke. I'm rarely ever a fan of a movie that shows people using hard drugs, especially when they do not show the repercussions of such actions. This movie pokes fun of it! Truly poor taste!The three main characters are extremely flawed and do not learn from their behaviors. One is addicted to coke, one is a hardcore partier, and the third is a jealous type A personality with body issues. Despite all of their bad decisions and the horrible outcomes, at the end of the movie it isn't clear if any of them learned anything. The only one who might have learned something was the coke addict, but even this seemed unclear. To make matters worse, the hardcore partier almost dies from an overdose and they gloss over this fact. Seriously!? It seemed like the perfect point for her to turn her life around for the better. This movie missed a golden opportunity.Where does that leave this movie? Not funny with hardcore drug usage and characters who do not learn anything from their experience. In my opinion, this makes the movie a definite pass. You won't be missing anything, trust me!
It is riddled with detail. It was  hard to seperate the wheat from the chaff; intrigue that added up to a crime from chaff.  Naturally since this drama cannot focus, neither does it have any pace.
Alphas has an interesting premise:  quirky individuals with extra-special abilities.  I enjoy it, for the most part.  For me, the major drawback to the show is that the idiosyncrasies of the individuals are often extreme, making them less likable.
This could be a good show and has an excellent cast.  But it leaves you with more question than Chris Carter usually has on his shows.  I want to like the show but you would have to kill of the irritating Irish guy that is just too much to stand with his using f... several times in each sentence it gets really old quickly.  I will watch if there are more episodes but it will have to answer some questions fast or I don't think anyone could stay with it.  It will have a shorter lifespan than The Event which was an excellent show.
It was not an episode to to remember, but it was still cool & a fun ride.watch it & enjoy it.
I rented this because Ti West was involved and I have loved his films thusfar.  House of The Devil and Innkeepers especially.  His short film in this about the people on their honeymoon was actually pretty solid.  The remainder of them were straight up craptastic.  I paid $8 to rent this because I was so excited to see it months before it came out.  I actually turned it off before finishing it.  I would not even be willing to rewatch this for $0.  My friend bought it (he is bummed by the mistake) so I ended up finishing it a couple of months later thinking that maybe I was just in a bad mood or something...nope...hated it!
How can secrets get stolen their secrets??? So that why I didn't get it five stars, thanks for these shows
Contracted (Eric England, 2013)While I am relatively certain based on the poster art that the opening paragraph remarks below are not really a spoiler, but I will put this up here just in case. The following could be considered spoilers for the film.Zombies have been used in film and literature for almost a century now as allegories for pretty much everything you can imagine that an author or screenwriter can find wrong with society. Mindless obedience to one's masters? Check. Rampant consumerism? Check. Religious fervor? Check. Sexually transmitted diseases? Check. ...okay, that one's new. Contracted takes that tack, and while it misses a few points and you have to, how shall we say, willfully blind yourself to a few things, it does so in an amusingly gross way that I found somewhat delightful.After an opening scene that was obviously inspired by Nacho Cerd&aacute; (even down to the lighting), we are introduced to Sam (Dawning's Najarra Townsend, much improved here). Sam, formerly a sexually-confused heroin addict, has finally gotten her life together. As we open, she is sitting in her car, about to go to a party thrown by her friend Alice (Alice Macdonald in her first feature appearance), and is calling her girlfriend Nikki (Madison County's Katie Stegeman) to find out if she's coming over after work. She gets voicemail, and you can tell from Sam's hesitancy in the message she leaves that all is not right in relationship-ville. Nor is it at the party, where in quick succession she runs into Riley (Among Brothers' Matt Mercer), a &#8220;nice guy&#8221; who's kind of dangerously close to stalker territory, often hanging out at the restaurant where Sam and Nikki work; Zain (Rubber's Charley Koontz), her former dealer; and a very, very drunk Alice, who proceeds to talk Sam, who was planning on staying sober, into doing shots. Fast-forward to 2AM, Sam is very drunk, and she meets someone else&#8212;BJ (You're Next's Simon Barrett). Not a nice guy; he ends up date-raping her. When Sam wakes up the next morning, she assumes she has a hangover, but there are a few symptoms that don't feel too hangover-like. But man, when the second day rolls around, that's when things really start getting weird...There are two things you should really know before going into this movie that, perhaps, should have been made clearer by the filmmakers. The first is that while the movie is structured as a standard mystery-thriller, with Sam's zombification as the Big Reveal, I do not believe for one second that what is happening to Sam was meant to be a surprise. Did you really not get it from looking at the poster? That is a strong indication to me that the journey was more important than the destination here. (Think about the opening scene of American Beauty, where Kevin Spacey's character announces he's dead, as a cognate.) The second, and by far the more important one, is that Contracted is not a horror movie. It is above all a drama, a character study of one former addict whose life is spiraling out of control after a traumatic incident that happens to use zombification rather than alcohol or drug use as its method of depicting Sam's downfall. Because of the zombie aspect, England (Roadside), who also wrote, was able to incorporate black comedy elements into the script as well, and he did a pretty good job with those. Are you serioualy going to tell me you didn't laugh when Sam's boss, George (Larry Crown's E-kan Soong), tries to pass off her symptoms as pinkeye? The movie has taken loads of flack for the characters being blind to what's going on with Sam. If this were a horror movie, they would be right. In a black comedy, those things make perfect sense.On the other hand, the one criticism I see flung about messageboards regarding this movie I do have to agree with is the stupidity. Not of the other characters&#8212;like I said above, that makes perfect sense if you regard the movie correctly&#8212;but of Sam herself. Her initial dumb decision, to not tell anyone she was date-raped, is understandable in present-day American culture, where date-rape still carries a huge stigma (and even more so in Sam's case, for reasons the viewer discovers towards the end of the film). But the farther on we get and the more radical the stupid decisions Sam makes, the less tenable the movie gets. How far would you be willing to go to conceal the fact that you'd been date-raped from your girlfriend? I'm pretty sure Sam crosses every conceivable line by the end of the movie. That's what I meant up top when I said you've got to willfully ignore some stuff about this movie. But if you can, and you are willing to go with the gross-out scenes, this is a fun little movie. Worth checking out. ***
Other reviewers who have called this series 'Melrose Space' have labeled it exactly as I would. I wanted to like the show; the actors and set production on the space ship are really attractive to look at but...its an empty shell when your all finished with the show. I like Ron Livinston from Band of Brothers and he's fine here as is his narration that accompanies each episode. But these astronauts spend most of their time on earth pursuing the opposite sex and acting like stupid college kids when they go to the 'astronaut bar' every night after work. I'm just an 'average' sci-fi fan so my view is when its good--like Battle Star Galactica, its good. And when its not--like Defying Gravity, its not. And one more thing, in sci-fi above all else, you have to get the "alien" whatever that is or looks like, you have to get it 'right', it has to scare you or blow your mind in some way. And in Defying Gravity when we finally get to the 'alien', the threat to the crew, its a 'dud', its about as 'scary' as a piece of almond rocca candy, only in this case the candy is the most powerful thing in the Universe--yawn. Get the first season of "SGU" (stargate universe)with Robert Carlyle--I did, and it was WAY better than Defying Gravity and probably why its second season is showing on TV now!
This pilot is painful to watch! None of  characters in this pilot are likable and the acting is terrible. If you have any chores to do I would recommend doing them instead of watching this, it would be time better well spent.
I'm speechless and horrified.  All I can say is Thank God this world is very far away from my world.  I feel sad for anyone who would want to subject themselves and their child to this craziness.  But then again, if they are involved in this crazy sub-culture they must be certifiable themselves.
I swear nothing original out of Hollywood in several decades. So you took the movie &#34;From Dusk Till Dawn&#34;, remade it, then split it up into several parts and made a TV series out of it!? OMFG Why!? I saw the original a million times so I'll be damned if I pay for 7-16 episodes of a crappy remake where I KNOW whats going to happen next. These are some whack ass actors too, dude is NO George Clooney & the nutcase is NO Quentin Tarantino  *LoL*....... I guess season 2 will be a remake of &#34;From Dusk Till Dawn 2&#34;  split into 16 episodes and season 3 will be &#34;From Dusk Till Dawn 3&#34; split into 21 episodes. HA! Pathetc....DISCLAIMER: Being that Amazon &#34;comments section&#34; is becoming too much like YouTube comments due to ignorant people with no lives, I have to make this disclaimer. F_ _ _ YOU in advance to anyone that feels the need to criticize my review, as well other peoples review. I turned the &#34;notification&#34; feature off a long time ago because I couldn't careless about anyone's feedback. So your stupid commentary WILL fall on deaf ears. So STFU in advance also. Have a good one : )
This  mini series was better than expected because of the excellent  performances by Greg  Kinnear ,Katie Holmes and especially Tom Wilkinson. It takes a bit to accept that you are not looking at the real Kennedy's which was difficult for me having grown up during the Kennedy presidency and ensuing historical events. However it is the impact of the historical events on these characters that make this a drama worth viewing.
If you want to watch something more adventurous watch basic instinct. This is the same premise but without any bite too it very boring and slow. The girl is crazy but they draw it out and the shrink or whatever falls for her charm. Girl makes a fool out of the shrink and sets him up .
Did not enjoy this one. We just finished West Wing and thought this would be just as enjoyable but couldn't stand to watch more than three episodes.
The first seasons were fun. Always wanted to know what was going to happen.  Now, the plots are less interesting, sometimes it is hard to know what is going on.  I do not care to rewatch on my Kindle to see if I missed something.  I will try watching this week's episode, if it is not more interesting--that will be it!
All the episodes are real good. I recommend watching all 12 seasons.
Filmmakers Joshua Zeman and Barbara Brancaccio return to their native Staten Island, New York to explore the truth behind the legend of "Cropsey", a fictional boogey man whom parents up and down the Hudson River have used for generations to frighten their children into behaving. On Staten Island, Cropsey took the form of a deranged mental patient who lived in the tunnel system beneath the abandoned Willowbrook State School and snatched children. It was an urban legend designed to keep children from playing in the dangerous ruins of the school, which had for decades housed mentally disabled children in such squalor that, in 1972, Geraldo Rivera made his name as an investigative reporter by taking cameras inside to film an expos&eacute; of the deplorable conditions. That led to its closure.In the 1970s and 1980s, there were a string of child disappearances on Staten Island. In 1987, Jennifer Schweiger, a 12-year-old girl with Downs syndrome, disappeared. Her body was found on the grounds of Willowbrook, and 43-year-old Andre Rand, a homeless man who had once worked as an orderly there, was charged with kidnapping Jennifer and presumed to be her murderer. He was convicted without any physical evidence linking him to the crime. An eccentric whom some painted as a manipulative demagogue to the homeless community at Willowbrook, perhaps mentally ill himself, Rand seemed to be Cropsey come to life. But was he guilty or just convenient? Did the legend of Cropsey play a role in how Rand was perceived by the public, the press, and by jurors?Andre Rand's questionable guilt might not distinguish the case if he had not been brought back to trial in 2004 for the kidnapping of another one of Staten Island's missing children, 7-year-old Holly Ann Hughes, who disappeared in 1981. This time, his guilt was established by a string of witnesses whose recollection of events surrounding the girl's disappearance had improved remarkably in 20 years. Andre Rand had become the community's scapegoat. But "Cropsey" is not an investigative documentary about a possible miscarriage of justice. In fact, it falls short in exploring the facts of the cases. It is an attempt to tie the folklore of a community to its reality: the legend of Cropsey come alive, the sins of the past come back to haunt Staten Island, parents desperately seeking closure.There is a lot of forced spookiness: Zeman and Brancaccio insist on exploring the ruins of Willowbrook at night, when they can't see anything. They speak to Rand's defense attorneys, to police officers who speak of Satanic Cults, to Rand's acquaintances, to journalists, to witnesses, to missing child activist Donna Cutugno in order to get a grasp of the case and the cultural issues that surround it. But "Cropsey" is unfocused in what it is trying to say. And, although the filmmakers get some good interviews, they often fail to ask the obvious questions or pursue obvious avenues of investigation. I was left not knowing what evidence was brought against Rand in the Schweiger trial. I don't even know the cause of death. If the police don't know it either, the filmmakers should have said. "Cropsey" explores an interesting subject but is simply not good enough to help me understand it.The DVD (Vicious Circle Films 2011): Bonus features are 11 deleted scenes, a theatrical trailer (2 min), 8 teaser trailers, and an audio commentary by Joshua Zeman and Barbara Brancaccio. They talk about where they got some of the material, offer some additional information about the case, more about the people and the rumors of Staten Island, and share more of their personal views. No subtitles available.
Honestly I almost passed on watching this one and in some ways wish that I had. This is obviously aimed at women and I think they were successful in finding their target audience as only the women in our household liked this show. I thought it was really corny and reminded me of a mix of Daria and South Park. The stereotype comedy is there but I personally didn't like it. I saw people that I know in these characters and that's not a good thing just annoying.
I no longer watch the show. I waited and waited for them to get a smart plot to go along with the good looking characters but it never happened so I gave up. I hope Amanda finally wakes from her coma and black outs but for me, I'm moving on.
I am very upset with amazon. I bought this and was unable to view it on my amazon fire. I tried contacting them 3 times nothing was resolved and I did not get my money back. Finally I tried my computer it worked but I did not buy it to watch on my computer. Now I hesitate to buy videos from axon knowing they may not be playable on my amazon fire
As any film on unexplained or horror, a story of former orphan's plan to renovate her former closed orphanage building into a family-run seaside hotel, is lacking of any practical logic and far remote from reality as everything else occurred during run of plot rather psycho-delusive than worth being created at all.There are much worse movies of such gender and if some wasted time and money to watch, it is good for producers anyway.
Couldn't even watch the whole episode.  I'd rather see young adults behaving with a higher moral code. Not worth watching.
We enjoyed watching this movie.  It was different and interesting.  We are happy that the kidnapper got her just rewards.
THE OXFORD MURDERS is typical British cinema--cerebral, pondering and tedious.  While BBC's WAKING THE DEAD is excellent, this movie doesn't compare on any level.An interesting mystery is shrouded with mathematical mumbo jumbo which rises above the average viewer's knowledge or interest (like TV's NUMB3RS).LOTR's Elijah Wood uses his soulful eyes and little else in his wooden performance; John Hurt is excellent as always, and Julie Cox chews up the scenery.The movie's twist ending is surprising but gets anti-climactic execution.Primarily, it's just all rather boring.
Transparent tries to be both shocking and funny while being entertaining. Unfortunately, it's a modge-podge of depressing dysfunction.Cross-dressing and/or prepping for transition - not shocking or funny. Lesbian experimentation - not shocking or funny. Sleeping around - not shocking or funny. Depression - not shocking or funny. Self-loathing - not funny. Dysfunction and selfishness - haven't we all had enough of that in the real world? Seriously, watch the news and get a better laugh and more meaningful entertainment.There's nothing ground-breaking about this unless you've been living in a hole for your entire life. There's nothing uplifting, funny, or emotionally moving about this series at all, unless you want to include moving the viewer to a dark and depressing space. And, it's not depressing BECAUSE of the subject matter, but because of how poorly it's written, the lack of meaning, the lack of empathetic characters, and the over-induldged self-hating group of people who enjoy taking jabs at the people they're supposed to love.Pass on this one. It's a BOMB.
Here's an idea, Amazon:  if you're going to ask me to watch something and review it, don't lie to me about the rating.  On your website and on my Amazon app on Roku, the show's rating is listed as NR.  Then, when I start to watch it, it actually shows it to be rated MA.  Prior to popular belief, not everyone wants to watch MA shows.  I'm still of the belief that you can make quality programming without all the overt sexuality and profanity.  Because for this reviewer, I don't need or want that coming into my home and if it's on there, then I won't watch the show no matter how well-acted, written or directed.  So, here's an idea - how about making a show that is NOT an MA rating.  Or if it is rated MA, then list it that way so we know upfront.  And in case you didn't know, profanity is used by people of immature minds with limited vocabularies and no imagination.  You sent me an email and asked for my review.  Well, there you go...
I watched the entire first season, but found it difficult to watch as it is basically a soft porn made for Prime Time with disturbing sexual situations. That just isn't &#34;entertainment&#34; in my book. Now zombies, on the other hand....
When season 5 ended we left Jack on a freighter headed towards China.  When season 6 started Jack is being returned, complete with scars and a dazed expression, to be traded in a "Bauer for Bombs" exchange.  "President Palmer the lesser" bows out in the middle of the series to let the vice-president, who is diddling his turn coat assistant, run amock and make a lot of bad decisions that keeps the plot rolling along.  His chief of staff handles the dual role of good guy/bad guy (at the same time) well.  Back at CTU Mary Lynn must still have that bad smelling limburger cheese sandwich in her desk as her expression remains puckered again this year.  I'm not saying I didn't have fun watching the current series - just that it may be getting a little chiche (but we still haven't jumped the shark).
The scenery and that the actors match it (Lou Diamond Philips is a great choice) make this nice to watch.  Good acting all around but the story line is typically rushed like any other weekly murder-mystery type police drama.  In this first episode we are informed that the Sheriff hasn't had to inform the next of kin of a death in a long time, as one would expect in such a rural setting.  But when I look at the upcoming episodes, there is a murder EVERY WEEK!  According to the storyline, the Sheriff has been in a funk for a whole year since his wife died.  His favorite deputy, the blond woman, even complains about how it's so boring compared to Philadelphia where she is from.  But suddenly, as soon as the TV Show begins following their lives, it's murder after murder after murder!  Plus prostitutes, drug cartels, and everything else!  Which is so contrived and preposterous.  I can only assume that the exponential increase in crimes and murder in this county MUST somehow be related to the tv show.I paid for the pilot episode hoping for a single story line that might run through the duration of the show.  But it appears that every week there will be a great mystery murder to solve that only the sheriff is skilled enough to solve - - and he WILL solve it by the end of that episode; and we will probably not see any of that episode's primary characters ever again (like the 16 year old girl that was a prostitute, her mother, or the murder victim's wife, or the good old boys that reported the dead sheep, etc. ).  This kind of stuff gets very boring to me.  Another formula show, like Columbo, but instead of a trench coat, old car, and the city, it's a cowboy hat, old truck, and the prairie.  I guess I'll reluctantly pass on the rest of the episodes for this reason.  If you like those kinds of shows, the murder-of-the-week crime solver types, and you like westerns, then you should be very satisfied with Longmire.
I didn't care for this show all that much. The acting is fine but I just couldn't get into it. Might watch it again at a later time but not now.
I am use to Bacon having a robust happy expression of being.He seems to be struggling to be serious, pained and concerned.Something is missing with his portrayal and believability, that heactually feels his character to his heart and soul. Anger doesn't alwayssubstitute for true fear, terror, anxiety, crazy-making conflicts and frustration.This is my first episode, so I felt that perhaps he needs more time and experiencewith the character to make it, Bacon's own.  Some one else commented that the scriptneeds to allow the mischievous and bright eye magic of Bacon to come out periodically.This complete darkness  and suppression of self is not Bacon's forte'.
Indi film feel with good acting and script for what seems to be a well laid foundation for promising following episodes.  It had a slow start though and I almost closed it and didn't finish watching it.  I would watch at least 2 more episodes to see if it could hook me.
Like most other reviews here I loved the premiere, but every episode since has just gotten worse.This last episode "Another Fine Navy Day" was the worst yet. Seemed to me it was more like a stalling tactic - that the writers didn't know where to take the show - so they just drugged everyone and we have to sit through 45 minutes of stupid hallucinations that simply annoyed me. I found myself fast forewarding through parts I was so disappointed.The writers had better get on the ball with the next episode or risk losing more and more viewers.
I feel like the writers/producers- just threw everything good, they could think of from any show or movie- up against a wall to see if it would stick.Very little, if any originality. VERY little real life.Even Kevin Bacon, looks lost in this show. Certainly cannot seeing it winning any awards. Too bad.
I really, really liked the first season of this show.  During the break they apparently brought in a new showrunner.  Bad move.  This resulted in several major changes, all wrong.  First, they replaced the oldest daughter with a different actress, who seams too old and far less believable in the roll.  Then they jumped her son's age by maybe three years and again used a different actor.  Third, they switched actors for the babydaddy, which wasn't so bad, but also made him a much more regular part of the show.  That doesn't work at all for me.The net result is a show that is not nearly as good as last year.  Why must people in TV think that they just have to mess with something which works?  Learn to leave well enough alone.
Stanley Kubrick is one of the all time great directors. He puts a lot of thought into his films. But is the ride worth the fare?Here's the scoop. A hand full of film enthusiasts felt there was more to the Kubrick's &#34;The Shining&#34; than meets the eye. So they did some research and watched the film over and over to get it to reveal its secrets. Many secrets there are and Kubrick went out of his way to bury these within the film. But, having found them, is &#34;The Shining&#34; any better for it?There is little if any doubt of Kubrick's precision as a director. This is noted by any number of film critics as well as other directors. So, when these folk uncover all these hidden aspects, most of them are probably right on. Some are grasping at straws. The section of super imposing the film playing backward over it playing forward is an entire waste of time. But much else is very convincing. I truly took pause on the conspiracy angle pegging him as the director of the first American moon landing. This has been floating around for decades but this is some of the better evidence I've seen. But, does it make it a better viewing experience or is it just better for the puzzle solving crowd?One thing that always frustrated me in viewing film is trying to determine how smart a director was. Did I miss something in the movie? Did the director mean a certain something or did he screw up? I don't always trust myself so I can't always rust the director. But subtext matters. In &#34;The Exorcist&#34; putting a fiercely changing society as a backdrop for the narrative does work on a subliminal level. But some of what these viewers find in &#34; The Shining&#34; is buried so deep I can't imagine it working on any level that would add to the film. It might be genius at work but it's only for the few who endeavor to dig really deep to find it.This is well worth seeing, but maybe not for the reasons the film makers intended.
The characters are good, acting is good, however, this is a graphic, gory television show. The carnage detracts from the story. I wonder how long it will be before some sick person wanting attention starts to copy the crimes in shows like this one and Criminal Minds.
It was cute. Nothing spectacular. I think kids would like it at least for a little while but I can't see it staying around.
Even though I know that military families move regularly and often, I still find the changes in cast a problem.  The dramatic spark at the beginning of the season is not well handled.  I wonder how long it will last now?
I assume it only lasted one season as 2012 appears to be the only season available.....it's OK if not a tad hokey.
The Italian Key [HD] - This is a light-hearted mystery romance. We watched it during an evening in when we needed some down time.  It is a movie that is easy to watch, challenges enough not to exhaust when you are tired, keeps your attention and is an ok story. It would not be in Oscar contention, but it's good for an evening at home.
Great actors but script was weak as well as direction. Too cheesy and flat....Slow pace....Too much filler...Good camera work...Do not recommend
I've been an ardent fan of the show from the beginning, of the extraordinary cast in particular (they get 5 Stars!)- in seasons one and two I waited each week with baited breath for the next episode. But even though I want to see what happens next, and I'm watching season three, some things have troubled me about the show from the start. I've thought about it quite a bit, and though I'm not sure how well I can express it, I'll try. [NOTE: There's a new update at the end of my review.]I read recently that the director Sidney Lumet said "In a well-written drama, the story comes out of the characters. The characters in a well-written melodrama come out of the story." Though I'm still puzzling over what this means, exactly, by that definition I'd say Once Upon a Time is a melodrama, in that it is plot-driven, rather than character-driven. I think in the best works, in any genre, a great story zigzags back and forth between drama and melodrama, i.e., between plot and character development, each seamlessly informing and enriching the other. ONCE is woefully inadequate in the character development department. The characters are one-dimensional. These fantastic actors (and we fans) deserve so much more.Before you say "They're fairy tale characters, for goodness sake, what do you expect?" I expect good drama- character development to rival, complement mythic themes. In thinking about the show, it finally dawned on me that the character neglect reminds me of the cognitive deficits in certain syndromes. In autism, for example, especially Asperger's Syndrome, one thing that characterizes many patients is a preoccupation with the trees to the exclusion of the forest. Such patients focus for hours on separate parts, on the mechanics of things. An analogy might be someone intent on cataloging the stars in the sky, one after another, but being unable to appreciate the majesty of the cosmos, feel a sense of awe and wonder when appraising the night sky in its entirety.Similarly, in Oliver Sacks's wonderful bookThe Man Who Mistook His Wife For A Hat: And Other Clinical Tales, he describes the behavior and bizarre "reality" of patients who've suffered right-hemisphere brain damage. What remains is the left hemisphere, and the way it processes info is by parts and feature analysis. Lacking the right brain, which puts everything together, sees relations, wholes, and attaches feelings and significance to perceptions and events, the left brain focuses on sequential details, linear analysis, which results in a very odd and unsatisfying experience for those affected, sadly. Indeed, patients with Asperger's and RH damage tend to have great difficulties with personal relationships, their perceptual blinders rendering them unable to apprehend other people in all their complexity. People who love them often find interactions extremely frustrating.ONCE reminds me of that brand of reality, a focus on the machinations of the plot, with scant appreciation of the depth, profundity and emotional complexity of human beings, both individually and in concert with each other. The characters' major function is to drive the plot forward, it's the plot itself that take precedence, like a big math problem (albeit at times an intriguing one).The antithesis of this, for me, might be the pithy, splendid TV SeriesThe Crow: Stairway To Heaven - The Complete SeriesorFairytale: A True Story. They succeed as both superb melodrama and superb drama, emotionally affecting, weaving intricate plot lines and characters into tapestries that become far more than the sum of their parts.And another observation, at the risk of sounding sexist- I can't help but wonder if the fact that all the writers on the show are male doesn't contribute to this preoccupation with mechanics and linear details (research has shown that left brain processes tend to predominate in males, whereas females tend to use both hemispheres in tandem). Seriously, if I didn't know better I'd swear the show was written by a bunch of 14 year-old boys with high-level Asperger's Syndrome (some Asperger's folks have high IQs, see the world in simplistic, black and white terms, but construct super-elaborate scenarios around simplified themes from which they're loathe to deviate).[Update: I stand corrected- as others kindly pointed out, they've corrected that situation and have hired female writers, I'm happy to learn.] Fairy tales have traditionally been the province of girls, much more so than boys. Granted, most fairy tales were recorded &/or collected by men, but I've always pictured them being offered as gifts, infused with hopes and dreams, by mothers down through the ages, told as bedtime stories, a feminine oral tradition fueling their children's- especially their daughters'- imaginations. I DO applaud the writers for depicting strong, heroic women, kudos for that.  All I know is that what l most love about fairy tales...isn't here, it's missing.Were I the head writer on the show, I'd ensure that the writers focus less on the dizzying intricacies and pyrotechnics of the plot (could it BE more pointlessly complicated??), and slow down a bit, putting flesh on characters' bones and exploring relationships between them. Can you do that without sacrificing clever plot twists, and while still showing what's happening with multiple characters? Sure, ST. ELSEWHERE, for example, did it spectacularly well (the best TV show ever, I think, link below)- and the hit showBorgen - Season 1too, from Denmark. And actually, come to think of it, another offering starring Ginnifer Goodwin,He's Just Not That Into You, also succeeded in that respect (at least I think so, not everyone liked it as much as I). In a review of it it was noted that even a brief scene in which Bradley Cooper declined Ben Affleck's offer of a cigarette bespoke volumes about the characters (while also advancing the plot), no wasted moments. Anyway, the marvelous actors on ONCE deserve such character development and subtlety, that's what I'm waiting for, yearning for, anyway...Then again, when I'm feeling a little less magnanimous, I wonder if maybe the writers and producers don't know EXACTLY what they're doing. Now and then there's this nagging feeling that somehow I'm being made a fool of, that maybe someone's having a good laugh at my expense.  Why would ANYONE stick around, year after year, given so few crumbs, on a mere promise of something that never seems to materialize? Where's the payoff for my attentiveness, my loyalty? Perhaps some suit said: "Mix up the metaphors!  Throw in everything but the kitchen sink, THAT'LL keep 'em guessing.  Hell, we can even call it a new GENRE!" Or: "Just toss around a few buzzwords, you know, true love, true hearts, true WHATEVER...human imagination being what it is, they'll supply their OWN profundity.  HEY! How about  SAVIOR- it's LOADED with associations, throw THAT in!"  Could there be a standing bet as to how long the show can be drawn out, how much profit can be amassed, how much convoluted but simplistic drivel can be heaped on hapless fans before they begin to get wise? You know the old saying, you can fool some of the people... I haven't given up on ONCE yet, but I'm getting awfully close.UPDATE: The show continued in much the same vein, until Episode 4, Quite a Common Fairy- smashing, brilliant, exactly the kind of stories, with the interpersonal punch, I've longed for.  If the show continues with this kind of writing I'll be one happy fan.  WELL DONE!Sadly, it didn't.  Emma tells the love of her life that she'd hoped he was dead, for no other reason than to set up the continued relationship with Hook. They couldn't have come up with a better line than that?  Awful. In the latest episode, we learn of Peter Pan's origin- another dazzling twist, dazzle purely for dazzle's sake.  Pan's Scottish brogue morphs into an English accent when he becomes a boy, unbelievably.  I am so discouraged with the gaffes, the lack of care, substance and depth, so disappointed.
Episode 16, "Welcome to the tombs", shows us how far this series has sunk, from what used to be hilarious, grisly, suspenseful, and original. Now we have the worst horror-movie cliche, a "heroine" who will be fine if she just hurries up, but she takes her time to indulge in maudlin dramatics and gets...eaten. We don't care about Andrea anyway, because Laurie Holden's trout pout is too hard to look at, and her character's predicaments are all the result of simple stupidity: she just can't see that the Governor is a homicidal sociopath, even though it's obvious to everyone else. We, the audience, keep seeing things before she does, and then we're supposed to endure her endless obtuseness and still cheer for her! In this latest example, Andrea is locked and bound in a room with Milton, the Governor's assistant who is about to die and turn, and then will try to eat Andrea. Milton, still barely alive, urges Andrea to hurry up and use the pliers he left at her feet to free herself, so she can mercy-kill him and escape, before the Governor returns with his strike force. There is every reason here for extreme speed. Death sits across the room from her and the Governor cannot be far behind. Never was it more important to keep one's mind on the task at hand (freeing oneself) and get the hell out of dodge. All Andrea has to do is hurry. But she indulges in long, tragic looks, tries to philosophize with Milton, forms dreamily optimistic facial expressions, and thus fritters away the time she needs to survive. So of course, Zombie Milton gets her. But there is no meaning to it, because she LET it happen! Then we have some more drawn-out tragic posturing when Rick and the gang arrive to find her all bitten open and about to die. Sad music, long stares, reverence. And we're supposed to see her as the "Noble Soul who only wanted people to live". Walking Dead is starting to get Smallville Disease, where the characters spend all their time bloviating about the Deep Inspiring Meaning of what is happening, but there is no story. Someone needs to reboot this series.
It's all play acting.  Which is fine, but just admit it.  They all have their button they can push, but they're never in any danger from bears, or exposure, or anything.  It does make you realize just how remarkable primitive people were, who survived such conditions without the special gear these people had.  It did have great scenery, but would have been much better if it spent time showing how things are done, instead of how someone is feeling.
I watched it. I liked it. It's a cute little movie - with a BIG lesson at the end. I don't think I've ever seen anything with Mr. Michael Angarano but...I DO remember Miss Juno Temple. I like this chick. She's got some acting chops...I think the camera likes her and so do I. THE BRASS TEAPOT is worth the watch people - make some popcorn and enjoy a cool flick.
It's definitely different without Charlie Sheen aka Charlie Harper. I also think Angus T. Jones and his lessened presence as Jake Harper is the reason for his recent outburst regarding the crudeness of the show. Since Ashton Kutcher arrived, the show is about 85% less crude and 50% less funny.
I love cooking shows. Chopped is interesting and entertaining. If you are competitive you will like this show. if you're they type that likes to quickly get to the bottom of things and cook fancy things, you will like this show. With only 4 contestants you don't get to know their hearts because the show is fast paced, so they aren't on it for very long. Still you'll find yourself cheering the contestants on and feeling their ups and downs. I only gave it three stars because the judges do not make me fall in love with the show and the show's fast pace isn't my style.  For me, something is missing.  It is not as exciting nor educational as The Next Master Chef or Hell's Kitchen, but it still may motivate you to be more daring when you cook.
I should watch all the episodes. Still I didn't. I like the actors very much especially Mads. He is great and has so a particular and odd face that it is perfect for the series but still I didn't see enough. If i have to say something now I think that could be better done, it is lacking something but I don't know what.
Ending ruined the whole movie. What was that? It's like they got bored with their own story and just gave up. Bummer.
Admittedly, I struggle with programs that I just don&#8217;t &#8216;get.&#8217;  I don&#8217;t mean that their meaning or plots or characters or themes escape me; rather, I don&#8217;t get how they uncover, hold, and reward an audience.  I know that my tastes as I&#8217;ve grown older have changed quite a bit in what I&#8217;ll accept in weekly dosage of television viewing, but why is it I have trouble turning my brain off with some series while I don&#8217;t with others?  In many cases, I tend to believe that, if the production qualities are high, then the writing, ideas, and characters should be equally compelling.  As is the case with a little something called HAVEN, that may not be the case &#8230; but why shouldn&#8217;t it be?(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you&#8217;re the type of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)FBI Agent Audrey Parker (played by the lovely, fresh-faced Emily Rose) came to Haven for the view, but she quickly found herself drawn into the local mysteries involving all things supernatural.  And why wouldn&#8217;t she?  Where else are you going to find alien abductions, dogs turning into people, haunted houses, and time travel all serving as local diversions?  As fate would have it, Parker is quick to learn that she might have vastly more to do with these local legends than anyone would&#8217;ve guessed!HAVEN is exactly the kind of programming made for today&#8217;s Syfy Channel (where it airs in the U.S.).  It&#8217;s filled with neato-keen ideas, acceptable TV-grade special effects, and actors who all look like underwear models.  I say that not meaning any of it as a slight; rather, it just seems tailor-made to fit into a show designed to appeal to the much sought after youth demo who tend to be a bit more forgiving about what they&#8217;ll spend an hour (or 43 minutes without commercials) watching while happily germinating on the couch.In the 1990s, TWIN PEAKS was all the rage &#8230; well, for a short while, at least.  It tapped into some of the same underlying themes &#8211; i.e. small town life, local legends, nothing is quite what it seems, etc. &#8211; and, for the bulk of its two season run, it managed to eek out a fair share of stories bordering on cosmic coincidence and/or plain spookiness.  HAVEN tramples on similar ground, albeit with much more expectable writing and less active posturing on the part of its players.  Each hour presents a single mystery; tinkers with its various circumstances enough to maintain the viewers&#8217; interest; and then most things are wrapped up within 60 minutes of TV time.  Its writers have cleverly incorporated their own ongoing mythology, but methinks all of those questions won&#8217;t be answered until the series&#8217; inevitable finale.  After all, all good things do come to an end, kids.The idea is based on the book by Stephen King published under the &#8216;Hard Case Crime&#8217; imprint, and it was called &#8220;The Colorado King.&#8221;  Here&#8217;s the dirty little secret: truth be told, King&#8217;s book wasn&#8217;t really all that good &#8211; it certainly wasn&#8217;t much of a mystery, not like the &#8216;Hard Case&#8217; books that had come before, but that didn&#8217;t stop editors from blazing ahead with a King novel hoping his name would spur sales.  &#8220;Kid&#8221; felt like a knock-off, and I&#8217;ve no doubt some might say the same about HAVEN.Call it what you may, I found it passable entertainment.  It didn&#8217;t tax me too much.  It showed me some pretty actors up against some pretty scenery.  And, after 60 minutes, I was free to go about my life looking for something with a bit more meat on its bones.HAVEN: THE COMPLETE THIRD SEASON is produced by Entertainment One, Big Motion Pictures, Piller / Segan / Shepherd, Universal Networks International, and CanWest Global Television Network.  DVD distribution is being handled through Entertainment One (E One).  As for the technical specifications, this hourly sci-fi-lite drama is smartly produced, so it&#8217;s full of flawless sight and sound.  To its credit, this four-disc set comes loaded with special features, including audio commentaries, a documentary, cast interviews, a Comic Con appearance, bloopers, and even more: well done to all participants because this is what fans love to see.RECOMMENDED.  It may not be for me, but it&#8217;s fine for thee if that&#8217;s your tastes.  For me, there was no better exploration of the eerie small town milieu than the oft-maligned and equally misunderstood TWIN PEAKS; still, HAVEN has some respectable if not predictable charm.  Chalk that up to its good-looking cast, its saccharin writing, and its tween-ish romanticism.  No, it may not be perfect, but it&#8217;s a Syfy program, after all, so that bar is aptly set low.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at Entertainment One (E One) provided me with a DVD copy of HAVEN: THE COMPLETE THIRD SEASON by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
I am writing this review after watching the first four episodes.  I wish I could be more enthusiastic about this futuristic cop/sci-fi series.  It has great potential but is lacking in some very important ways.  The best part of the show is the partnering of Karl Urban as Det. John Kennex  and Michael Ealy as his synthetic android.  They make a great team as they play off each other in a comfortable and humorous manner as they solve crimes.The biggest problem I found with this series is while it is set in the future not enough money or originality has been alloted to make the viewer believe that the setting is in 2048.  Many other reviewers have mentioned the similarities between ALMOST HUMAN and the 1982 film BLADE RUNNER.  I believe that is what producer J.J. Abrams had in mind when developing this series but here we are, over 30 yrs. later, and the special effects are mediocre at best.Other posters have compared this program to FRINGE and I can honestly say that the writing and story-line of ALMOST HUMAN does not even come close to the intelligence and originality of FRINGE.  ALMOST HUMAN could be a present day police drama and no one would really question it other than the presence of the android partner.I find this series mildly entertaining but by no means a great police/crime or science fiction series.  With a little work by the writers and the special effects team there is still hope that it could turn into a very good futuristic series.  Take a look at the Canadian series CONTINUUM if you want to see what a great and original science fiction series looks like.UPDATE: I have now watched seven episodes and continue to be less than enthusiastic about this series.  I want so much to love this show but unless they start putting more money into special effects and get more creative with the scripts so that it looks and comes across more futuristic I cannot give it four or five stars.  I love the premise of the show and the fact that it has so much potential makes me frustrated that it is, overall, not a better show.
In this 4th season, Annie Walker acts completely on her own to solve internal agency problems, and her character is becoming darker. I don't know anything about the real CIA, but the TV version surely has a lot of employees filled with self-interest. And, I question whether the entire energy of more than one department at the real agency would spend so much time focused on one problem or theme. Apparently several months pass while Annie is solving the mystery. Did the international spy world come to a stop during that time? There were no world events to address in the entire season, only the internal affairs of the company. Also, the series relied on cliff-hanger endings for every episode--reminiscent of evening soap operas. Finally, I think it is interesting that the two actors made Auggie and Annie's friendship more convincing than their romantic relationship. This may have been determined by the writers, not the actors, but I'll be waiting to see what develops in Season 5.  As fiction the show provides entertaining television. And I like the actors.
Cursing doesn't bother me; what bothers me is when it is done so gratuitously as in this show.  Say it when necessary; don't overuse it or it loses its impact.  Story is good as is the acting.
Dominic Cooper plays Mitch Brockden, a brilliant young Assistant D.A. in Chicago who unwittingly finds himself intertwined in a cat-mouse game with Clinton Davis,  played by Samuel Jackson.If you're just looking for a fairly standard legal-suspense thriller, this one should do. Decent acting and vivid cinematography help to cover over the various inconsistencies in the plot, which, though it has a few unexpected flourishes, is otherwise right off the old cutting board. There's not much in the way of subtlety or food for speculation: Everything is explained neatly away in the dialogue. Some surprises here and there, but REASONABLE DOUBT ends up pretty much the way you probably think it will. A number of people were obviously more impressed by this film than I was, but then again, a number of others obviously weren't. Oh well, REASONABLE DOUBT kept my attention, and I made it to the end without any problem.
To make a series out of people with this condition is repetitive. It gets quite tiring to watch this show which almost makes fun out of people who have this condition.A Special about this condition with helpful hints to the &#34;hoarders' and their families may have been better.
I thought it would be like most of his movies; action-packed and fast-moving with a lot complicated scenes to figure out. I was very disappointed. The concept would have been ideal but the movies started too slow for me so I move on to another more interesting movie.
I like Titus Welliver.  But, this show seems like a bad adaptation from a mediocre crime novel.  It does not adequately transform whatever the original material was into an interesting television show.  It seems like an ABC show that would be cancelled mid-season.It's a throwback to 80's noir TV dramas, but lacking in depth or interest, with cliched, hackey dialogue, and some incredibly lackluster supporting actors.I was utterly uninterested after several plot developments and didn't care at all about any of the characters.
I have always enjoyed Jeff Dunham on variety shows.  He has created some great characters and is very funny.  Unfortunately the concept just doesn't work.
I enjoyed this show because of the friendship between the two male character, but don't see it going too much farther
So each character has a situation to deal and revolves around sex---surprise!  I think that they made a list and picked four that should but doesn't provide any real reason to continue to watch.  Acting is good, writing is average, but it is trying to hard to be different.
This drowsy movie will have you sleepy like a lil baby in no times, G. No only is it a horribly acted &#34;VHS&#34; horror flick, it seem like they ain't take the time to write no script either. I had drank like three redbulls and a five hour energy before watching, and it still had me snoozing like a lil baby is. This is CRAPPOLA LONGSTOCKINGS to the UMPTEEN!
Willow Creek is by far and wide, one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The universal acclaim it gets from top-notch critics is alarming, if not terrifying. In fact, Willow Creek's high ratings is the only "scary" thing about this movie you will find.When a new found-footage flick gets dumped in theaters, the first word that comes to mind is gimmick. This type of film making attempts to create suspense the cheap way, in light of budget constraints. Very few films are better off having been filmed like this. Chronicle is the only recent one that comes to mind.There have been many, and I mean *MANY* advancements in this film style since The Blair Witch Project. Unfortunately, Willow Creek is so shoestring, that it is more or less a step back into 1999. The budget (if there is one), is not conducive to a monster movie. Let alone Bigfoot, the least terrifying monster anyone can make a movie about.The obvious payoff would be an actor running around in a fur suit, making horny gorilla sounds. If done correctly, the blurry footage would reenact the infamous Patterson-Gimlin sighting. Willow Creek does not end this way.***SPOILER ALERT***Instead of a cheap monkey costume, or even a furry ape hand, the Bigfoot of Willow Creek turns out to be more than one. What the movie does show us is a female variation that is basically a fat 40-something with slinky tits hanging down to her waist, wearing nothing but adult diapers and what looks to be some sort of necklace (an alligator foot?), that was purchased at the nearest truck stop. That's it, no joke. The rest of the final scene involves loud growling and screeching coming from an unseen Bigfoot party as the star couple is mauled and dragged to their death. This entire sequence involves the cameraman's video recorder zoomed in on tall grass as it's dragged along with its owner.Does Willow Creek break any new ground, add something new to the genre, or deliver anything in terms of entertainment value? FNO! Garbage like this should not be green lighted. There are porno's with more exciting dialogue than this. GRADE = F.
A classic story of passion gone wrong. It is hard to feel sympathy for a mother who abandoned her child to 'live in sin'. On the other hand one is filled with distaste for the  hypocrisy of the society that she lives in.
A little crude, but has some funny stuff. I can imagine  there is a office or two with this kind of personnel
When unmanned probes suggest that a hidden ocean could exist underneath Europa's icy surface and may contain single-celled life, Europa Ventures, a privately funded space exploration company, sends six of the best astronauts from around the world to confirm the data and explore the discovery. After a nearly catastrophic technical failure that leads to loss of communication with Earth and the tragic death of a crew member, the surviving astronauts must overcome the psychological & physical toll of deep space travel, and survive a discovery on Europa more profound than they had ever imagined.I hate to admit it but what originally sold me on this film was the trailer. What excited me about the film was the fact that Europa Report was conceived on a real-life event in which scientists, back in November 2011, discovered water beneath the ice of Jupiter's moon Europa. While the film does a good job of creating and maintaining tension throughout it and the story keeps you interested, the payoff at the end just doesn't warrant sitting through its' ninety-minute length. It reminded me alot of Apollo 18 in that respect. That film was fantastic all the way up to the end...then you find out that what was attacking them was&lt;spoiler alert> actually killer alien rocks? &lt;smh> It was anticlimatic, to say the least.At any rate, for what its' worth, Europa Report isn't too bad a watch. It does set things up nicely if they decide to make a second film. All I can say is--don't expect an outstanding ending because there isn't one.
The subject matter of this episode is very familiar, I've seen it fictionalized before and even read news stories that were similar. Therefore, in order to make its mark, Elementary has to do it one step better than the previous shows. It has not.Past: A boy leaves his home and is abducted off the street. Balloons are left as a thank you for his parents by the kidnapper. Through the years more children are kidnapped. Some are found dead. Others aren't found at all.Today: A seventh child is abducted from her home. Her parents are abrasive, not sympathetic. Her father left her alone in the house to meet a former lover, and lies about it until Holmes confronts him. The woman he met was a witness to the kidnapping, she saw the escape vehicle. (At a later point the parents even suggest trading the first victim back to the kidnapper to secure the release of their daughter. When their demand is not agreed to, they then threaten to hold the captain responsible for all consequences).Watson manages to be more abrasive/intrusive than Holmes himself. The constant sniping and need to have the last word is irritating. Elementary is not improved by this Watson. Unless you appreciate that Holmes finds clues while he is trying to run away from her.The young man who was the first victim many years ago, is discovered driving the kidnapper's van and taken into custody while trying to flee. He refuses to help the police find the kidnapper. He has become attached to the man. This process is carefully explained to us.Holmes shares some of his own "history" with the rescued youth during an interview. Interesting tidbit if it is true (Holmes is evasive on the point later). He goes through his lightning quick analysis in a few locations. Very clever. He consistently maintains his emotional distance or does he show actual empathy? He discovers the little clues that others miss. His energy is toned down in this episode. Perhaps he finds listening to Watson as tiring as I do. Whatever the cause, he is less the scene stealer here. Still watchable, tho.The police are a touch too oblivious. They dash into the kidnapper's home, right past balloons in an empty room, then state they have nothing. Until Holmes tells them to go back. They find the incredibly obvious balloons and an attached USB drive. Too much Keystone Cops to be credible.Victim #1 is talked into signing an immunity agreement. In an act of atonement he reveals the kidnapper's new residence. The police bust in and rescue the little girl. The kidnapper commits suicide. The child is unharmed. Uhhhh, really?The psychology is interesting, make no mistake. But there are too many detractions to make this an improvement over the previous episodes of Elementary. Holmes finding a loophole in the immunity agreement is too predictable, not fresh at all. His pitting his wits against the clever young murderer who was Victim #1 is sort of bland.Sure they get their guy in the end, outwitting him. It just didn't quite meet its full potential. 2.75 stars rounded up to 3. Mea Culpa, I watched it twice.(If you are going to watch this more than once, as I did, not having to sit through the repetitive commercials is a great motivator to buy the episode at Amazon.)
I liked this pilot purely because I really enjoy Malcolm McDowell and his character. The rest of the show focused a bit too much on the sex and silly love-interest relationships that people have. Where is the real motivation that anything these characters are doing is important? I guess I just find it hard to see where all of the high-intensity drama is going to come from this. If it's from people being jealous of petty semi-infidelities (e.g. &#34;you knew I liked him!&#34;) then I'm out. If, however, the drama can focus more on the symphony and the power struggles there in, it could be interesting but still not likely great.
Dino (Dominic Cooper), the darling of Mt. Kisco, NY races formula cars. Everyone knows Toby (Aaron Paul) is a better racer, although he just street races...except for maybe Anita (Dakota Johnson) his ex-gf who now travels with Dino. Through a series of impossible circumstances, Toby gets arrested for stealing Dino's uncle car, which he didn't. Upon getting out of jail, he will travel from NY to California in 45 hours aka &#34;Smokey and the Bandit.&#34; Imogen Poots takes the role of Sally Fields. He is going to participate in an unsanctioned, &#34;winner take all&#34; pink slip race. Oh yes, he is on parole too and can't leave NY and must drive three times the speed limit to make it in time. He doesn't quite make it by ground and needs to be lifted by a friend in a helicopter for the last leg...something they should have done to begin with. He now must face Dino in the race.This whole script was stupid. The first thing any investigator wants to know about a stolen vehicle is &#34;Where are the keys?&#34; The idea that hot chicks hang out at a drive-in for local race drivers instead of texting their bff all night is old school and made me ask, &#34;When was this film made?&#34; Dino is a great philosopher, &#34;Forget the past. It's history.&#34; He also makes up all kind of ridiculous Anita puns. They also have an aircraft fly overhead for safety, i.e. let them know when there is traffic, but that information didn't seem to effect their driving as they sped through red lights in a cop-less town.The personalities ranged from bland to bad. 130 minutes of mostly car action, not much in the way of building a believable tale.A preteen or young teen film. A tad more believable than &#34;Death Race 2000&#34; but not nearly as entertaining.Parental Guide: No f-bombs. No sex. Male rear nudity.
This weekend my wife and I tried watching First Season DVDs for 2 shows we missed out on when they first broadcast on TV -----  Californicaton and Mad Men.While Mad Men ended up being very impressive both in style and writing, Californication seemed to be nothing more than an attempt to get laughs and reactions thru shots of nudity, foul language and body function jokes.After 3 episodes it did not seem to get any better from our perspective, so we hit the EJECT button.
These type of shows get more bold as the trend becomes more popular. If you could really film these type of events it would change the world as we know it. It would represent true proof of the paranormal that would generate massive investigation and attention. Sorry guys and gals, it's fake.
"Klondike" is a six part miniseries that aired on the Discovery Channel over three nights. From executive producer Ridley Scott, I had very high hopes that "Klondike" would be the must-see dramatic event of the television season. I have heard many people completely dismiss the program due to factual errors and/or inaccuracies. These complaints are, perhaps, more valid since this appeared on the Discovery Channel which is not known for scripted programming but for documentary-like productions (in fact, this was touted as their first scripted miniseries endeavor). I, as a casual viewer, was not particularly bothered about the precise factual details presented but was willing to accept this as a purely fictional entertainment loosely based on real life events. So that is how I am judging "Klondike." As the series begins, I thought that there was enormous potential in the storyline and I really enjoyed the set-up. For me, though, the longer the show progressed, the less I liked it. There are plenty of good elements (notably the filming location and several strong performances), but I found the plotting and characters to be very inconsistent--almost maddeningly so.As the series opens, we meet our intrepid hero Bill Haskell (Game of Throne's Richard Madden) as he and his best friend (an effective Augustus Prew) decide to embark on an adventure to make them rich beyond their wildest dreams. Near the turn of the century (late 1890's), they join the fray of fortune hunters exploring the uncharted Yukon Territory. As they make their way across the vast wilderness, the scenery is impressive and "Klondike" is absolutely captivating. Eventually, they reach their destination and face challenges that are both unforeseen and somewhat nefarious. This is an untamed country and the settlement exists in a survival-of-the-fittest mode (think Deadwood with less grit, believability, or expletives). I was all-in on the first two hours of "Klondike" despite its flaws because I wanted to see what was going to transpire. A devastating event rocks Madden's world and his existence turns to finding justice in an outlaw land.In my opinion, it is this development (no spoilers here) that largely derails "Klondike." Instead of being a grittily realistic depiction of a harsh life, the series seems to want to hedge its bets by adding a mystery component as well as the requisite romance. The remaining four hours have Madden playing amateur sleuth as opposed to focusing on the gold rush elements that should have been central to the plot. It's a big miscalculation, because Madden is supposed to be our entry point into this world. Many of the supporting players are ill defined, even great actors end up in one dimensional portrayals. Tim Roth (who can do no wrong in my book) gets a showy role as a villain, and while it may be fun, it lacks any real depth. Sam Shepherd plays the local clergy, but it never feels particularly integral to the plot. Abbie Cornish is, perhaps, the show's second lead and she can be quite good. Although the screenplay puts her into some soapy situations, she is one of three characters that get real development. I also liked Tim Blake Nelson, who ends up working with Madden.In the end, nothing about "Klondike" really gelled for me. The Yukon Gold Rush is such a great setting for a compelling story. But this mix of fact and fiction really never capitalized on the potential. "Klondike" does look great, but it left me emotionally disconnected. If it was half the running time, I might have enjoyed it more. But in six parts, there is just no reason why the characters couldn't be developed more adequately. I wanted to love "Klondike," but I just wearied of it and never felt that the time commitment had the dramatic pay-off that I was looking for. KGHarris, 3/14.
I am a great fan of movies that deal with historical happenings, even if much liberty is taken with the films.  I am also an Historicalnut when it come to Roman History.  This movie is awfull...YES AWFULL!!  The history is shoddy, the cast lousy, and the actingterrible. Just another Roman bashing movie.  For one thing, the population (free men) were all Roman Citizens.  This film seemedto say they were not.  And any time anybody makes a film about Rome (from Hollyweird) the Romans are all evil and contributednothing to Western Civilization. The US constitution is in large part based in the Roman Republics constitution, even the architecturein DC is primarily Roman or styled after Roman buildings.  How about Roman Law, the basis of European and US law.  There aremany things I could mention but I should continue about this movie.  The story was STUPID, STUPID, STUPID!!!  I only gave thismess 2 stars (I was being generous!) because of the fine special effects, the reasonably accurate sets and the volcano eruptions.I will probably keep the DVD only because of the effects.  I did get this from Amazon.  I also got the 1984 version of  THE LASTDAYS OF POMPEII and will review it later when I finish.  Allready it seems much better, at least in story.  So if you like excellentspecial effects and like to watch a Roman city leveled, then I would reluctantly rent or buy the movie. But you better by someclothespins for your nose.  Or just scan ahead to the good parts.  enjoy!
I watched the 2nd season though I was disappointed it did improve and with it came the 3rd volume.  The characters have matured and the plot's stabilized.However, no matter the plot twist it has become a Sci Fi Soap Opera.  The writers invent what ever paradox they need to rescue themselves when they have &#34;painted themselves into a corner (as they do quite often).  That said, I still like and watch it if is available.
The main thing I like about this series in the personal chemistries. The computer chip implant is plausible; access to all dat not so much. The brain interaction with the chip is interesting. The long intro of characters and situation each episode is a waste of time and the action develops too slowly.
One of the few good things on this show was actor Stephen Dorf.  Although this show had plenty of flaws, I kept watching primarily for him.  However, this was his last episode on the show and with that, I had completely had it with this reincarnation of one of my favorite shows, the original LAW AND ORDER set in NYC.  The problems with this show are manifold.  The worst is that it is trying to be a hybrid of the original show with a CSI show.  So instead of the excellence of a team which had Jerry Orbach and Sam Waterston in the gritty New York scene, there is this technicolor mess of a show trying to infuse us with the coolness of the hopped up LA scene.  All this is missing is the Horatio from CSI Miami with his sunglasses to cement it as a truly unbelievable show.  The CRIMINAL INTENT version of this show was also ruined by constantly reinventing a concept which worked.  It too became unwatchable with Jeff Goldblum at the helm.  My recommendation is to skip this show and stick to the reruns of the original, especially the ones with Waterston and Orbach in their primes.
I started out lovin this show.  I know the writers decided to stay within the Harlan world for the 2nd & the 3rd season which I am now dropping.  I love the actors, but for goodness sake it's becoming a blooming soap opera.  I don't mind some of it, but it's getting too sucked in.  I kept waiting for some fresh, outside the Harlan world stories & exciting different action that would show case Raylands character & strengths.  But alas, not forthcoming.  I like seeing Rayland being 'real' & not so perfect, but staying so committed to this world, well... it's dragging him down a bit too much for my taste.  Sorry, but i have to call it like I see it.  I'll truly miss this concept of Justified & the great actor playing the role. .
Of course, I'm only four episodes into this season so it is premature to jump to conclusions.  The setting is the usual lush paradise but the beaches are getting increasingly indistinguishable season to season.  The challenges are also getting repetitive but are, as usual, wonderfully built and tested.  The characters are likewise the generic blend of bland attractive females, male body builders, fringe elements, aging overweight men, and annoying misfits.  By now, I would like to see a batch of really skilled survivalists engaging in some novel and sustained challenges--with neither a beach nor a palm tree in sight.  Cinematography and sound are consistently excellent.  Unless Survivor embarks on some new course and breaks out of the tight formula it has religiously followed, the audience will gradually shrink.  How many times can it produce slight variations on the same theme?  Today's challenge, Mr. Probst and Mr. Burnett, is to think outside the box or this series may find itself voted off the island.
The writers have ruined this show! or just ran out of ideas to make it interesting. I used to be a huge fan of the first and second seasons, then came third season and my fondness just jumped out of the window. Where's the magic? Where's the humour? I think the creators of the show has swayed from it's original premise that now it became a shell of it's old self.The plot lines are so ridiculous and utterly boring this season they just make me have ADD. Max going to pastry school that the 2 broke girls can't afford as usual, but Caroline offers to work in exchange for the incredible sum of fees! She never does any working, instead falls head over heels with Chef Nicolas the owner of the pastry school who happens to be married, almost all episodes out so far are dedicated to their interaction; I can sum it up in a couple of sentences;Caroline: Chef Nicolas you're so hot but you're also married I can never date a married man! Chef Nicolas: It's okay, me and my wife have an open marriage we can sleep with whoever we want to, besides she's in France *stereotypical much* Caroline: NO, I shall not sleep with you even if I want to! Leave your wife first. Chef Nicolas: Okay, I'll break up with her if that means having a chance with you even though I don't really know you that well.. Caroline: You can't break up with your wife! I can't ruin your marriage.Boring or what? If you think Caroline's romantic interest was repetitive then Max's even worse! She's dating Deke a guy from her pastry class who's a billionaire and lives in a dumpster? Cause he's a hippie? and they too broke up because Max couldn't handle the fact that her boyfriend is a rich person even though she's been friends with Caroline who used to be rich and worked as a baby sitter for a Rich Manhattan socialist in season one? Cut me a slack! Drama for the sake of drama...That is what this season has been about so far, no more concern about making it into the cupcake business there's very little focus on the business that'll supposedly make them rich. The majority of the show is focused on their boring romances. Oleg, Sophie, Han and Earl all these loveable supporting characters are somehow forgotten in the process and no longer have enough screen play. The jokes are no longer funny just obnoxious! The girls seem irritating this season and their boyfriends even more so.2 broke girls was a show that was funny! Yes, it was blunt and ridiculous to a degree but I enjoyed it! I loved what the premise was about. It was about building a dream out of scratch and it was hilarious because they would fail multiple times but that never stopped them. Now, it's just not what it used to be.Bring back the heart and soul of the show cause this season just seems formulaic, unfortunately this is no longer a weekly watch for me.
I had high hopes for this but it just seems to average and plain in it delivery and viewing experience to make you care if you come back week after week.
A group of scientist are studying the recession of a glacier. Global Warming has caused some issues, but it is about to get worse. Janek (Gerhard Liebmann) is the main character. He has been stationed up here for 5 years. When they lose contact with one of their remotes, he investigates only to find the &#34;blood glacier,&#34; a red colored glacier which places a red filter on the camera for a few scenes for no reason other than to scare us. When more samples must be collected, the glacier is gone, but there is a mutant rabid fox running around.40 minutes into the film we are provided with an explanation as a team which includes the prime minister is on its way, lead by Janek's ex-gf Tanja (Edita Malovcic).The action builds slow. The special effects were better on small creatures, but comical on larger ones. The big horror scene shows people uncontrollably screaming as lights flash and a big fake creature head comes through the door. The dialogue was extremely dry. Some might find this entertaining for various reasons, I did not.Parental Guide: F-bomb. No sex or nudity.
I found this to be a bit slow, but if you are looking for something that's none offensive for a family to watch together, this may suite you.
It was ok.  It had some educational value relating to different types of art.  I would probably let my kids watch it but probably not my first choice
I have watched a few episodes of this series, largely because of the presence of Judi Dench and am somewhat disappointed.  It is a collection of one-liners with a horrible laugh track.  It seems terribly dated but does have the occasional clever moment.
Dennis Quaid over acts,the Chicago mob is not going to be hampered by a cow boy and his family. they solve everything to easy
BOO FOR PBS. I was very disappointed that only three episodes were free for Prime Members and the remaining were for purchase. American Experience was a broadcast from Public Television which the U.S. Taxpayers support, whether they like it or not, from their taxes. To have PBS peddling this program for their monetary gain is appalling to me. This program can rot on the shelf before I would consider looking at it again.
I tried to like Dracula.  I wanted to like Dracula.  But I was unable to enjoy it.  Mr. Grayson who is suppose to be Dracula is played by Jonathan Rhys Myers seems to have to concentrate on speaking his lines.  I don't know if it is because he is having issues with the accent or if he lost interest in his role but watching him speak is rather painful.  I know they are trying to revamp and give Dracula a new image but it seems odd to have him talking about Edison and having interest in a light bulb.  Maybe I am just stuck with liking the old mass murder Dracula but he only really drank from one victim aside from licking his female friend and pleasing her at the opera.  The ending rooftop battle was cheesey and I could have done without the Matrix/Crouching Tiger/Max Payne style of fighting.  The style of fighting didn't seem to go with the rest of the movie so it felt disconnected.
To easy for others to use and children to get. Got credit and they told me how to block when gaming.
Originally contracted for a cable network, it contained such massive inaccuracies that the network wouldn't show it. Seriously, though, Katie Holmes as Jackie Kennedy Onassis? Greg Kinnear as JFK? I like Kinnear, he does good light comedy, but that's not what's called for here. Don't waste your time unless your ideology needs support.
I watch it, but I don't miss it when there are gaps between the episodes. I hope they will wrap up soon.
Yeah, probably not gonna wanna pay for this unless you just can't get enough MARMADUKE in your life. My son was feeling like that so we bit the big apple. He was like WHAT? Why is it so short???  Hey, my question indeed.
Being a fan of all these ladies, I was expecting something along the lines of "Bridesmaids" with a hint of "Mean Girls," both films I liked.  Unfortunately what I got was a mean spirited, unfunny story about 3 unpleasant and unlikeable women, all of whom are too attractive to be in such a state of despair.Regan (Kirsten Dunst) is the maid of honor for Becky (Rebel Wilson) who no one thought would ever get married.  Certainly not before Regan or her other two gal pals, Gena (Lizzy Caplan) and Katie (Isla Fisher).  The trio has never outgrown their party days from high school.  In one scene, Gena gets on a plane stoned and gets into a conversation with a seat mate (Horatio Sanz credited as "Barely Attractive") about how she manages to give a man felacio on a scale of 4 to 10.  The film is full of raunchy dialog and the ladies lead the way.  This doesn't bother me but I checked out when Gena hooks up with a former boyfriend (Adam Scott).  After the wedding, Clyde (Scott) stands up and rather than toast the new couple, tells everyone how he bedded Gena and went "in and out, in and out."  Really?The middle section of the film is forgettable and hinges on the girls being able to repair the bride's dress that they tore apart while high on coke.  While all this sex talk might make you think, this is going to get better, it doesn't.  All the characters keep their clothes on.  In fact when the boys go out to a strip club the night before the wedding, they don't seem to be concerned at all that the strippers...well... keep their clothes on.  Huh?  Yeah, girls giving lap dances in their dresses.  Where are these places?  I want to be sure to keep my distance.
Uh ... the "stuff" is not moving along very fast .... I am getting a little bored at all these stalling tactics, get on with it.
I do not know if it was just the actor himself that didn't really fit the part or the fact that Steven Moffat wrote all his stories for the few seasons he did, but either way, goodbye and lets move on.  I do not know much about the new actor playing the Doctor other then he played a role in the Pompeii episode back when the &#34;Great&#34; David Tennant was the Doctor (still miss him very much), Peter Capaldi (I hope I spelled his name correctly) played the role of a Pompeii resident the Doctor saved along with his family.Personally, I think it is refreshing to have a Doctor that isn't in his 20's or 30's for a change.  Somehow, I still think of William Hartnell, the first Doctor, who was an older man playing the role again and reprising his contribution to the saga.  I wish and hope for all of us Doctor Who fans, the stories with this new Doctor get better than the last few seasons.On a final note... did anyone understand the part in the this final Matt Smith episode where he PROMISES Clara he will never leave her behind again when he decided to stay and save Xmas town, and she even said &#34;look me in the eyes and promise me that you won't,&#34; after that he tricks her and does it again.Any way, good luck to the new Doctor and Happy Holidays.SPECIAL NOTE JUST FOR  THE BBC... STEVEN MOFFAT is NOT the only screen writer in the U.K.
Mind you I'm late 20's with no children. Though I enjoy the occasional Disney show or movie. I just could not find anything enjoyable in this, it was like a b movie, I thought it was over acted and far to serious.
The characters are acted well enough, but their statements are lame.  Subplots are set in motion weakly.  For example, one character who has been dead for a year (in limbo) comes back to life and sees someone from her former life and therefore that person just dies.  Well, okay, I can go along with that.  But then, she decides she has to go to his funeral where she will see other people who think she is dead.  Okay.  A character is selfish and irrational.  Maybe, being dead did that to her.  Problem is, the writing that gives thrust to each mini-plot seems contrived.  Okay stuff for the treadmill
good but I have seen better from this show keep it coming though but you should try less fating food
and such advice is always dangerous, unless you happen to be adorable to all.  speaking as a lifelong zombie, i resent these incessant portrayals of us as single minded cannibals.  that would be republicans.  we're really very pleasant, when not clawing at car windows, and we play a hell of a game of chess (appearances nothwithstanding).
This show is great has me at the edge of my seat most of the, I think these guys do not fully know the full extent of what they are doing.  I wish they would ask the ghost the questions like what is it like being a ghost, and why are they in the place they are at so on and so forth.  But all in all great show.
It must be an age thing. I could not get past 10 minutes of this. The charcters were unlikeable, the writing not funny. I'll pass on this one.
I've seen up to episode 2. Looks to me that there are no stellar makeup artists in this group. However, to be fair, the season has just begun and other seasons had a rough start but got better in each successive episode.  We got some good sculpting and creative thinking, but painting and time-management is quite an issue so far. Let's see how it goes. I love this series and hope that it continues forever.  I would like to see a special &#34;boxing day&#34; episode where the three judges are tasked with producing 3 outstanding makeups and they get judged by winners of past seasons. How cool would that be? Maybe it's an ace up their sleeves?
it was fun watching the tale of sam axe and the cameo of michael in his spy days. that being, it was not fun noticing the price for a tv movie which could have been a two-parter for $1.99 x 2.  as it stands, $10.00 even for a rabid fan of burn notice and its crew that i am, that price is outrageous.  i am griping now but some time down the line i know that i will eventually fork over the big bucks to add to my collection.  it will be way down the line but i know it will come.  i guess i am just weak.
I have now seen the first two dvd's of season three. It's not good. I gave the first two years five stars. It now gets two. Even the music is bad. The theme over the end credits has changed to a fluffy piece.I see the show has been canceled. No wonder.
NO SPOILERS:Not much of a challenge to avoid given up spoilers after a pilot episode where not much happened.Billed as different world only 25-miles from NYC.  Starring Jason Momoa (Game of Thrones), Martin Henderson, Julianne Nicholson (Boardwalk Empire) and Tom Sizemore (Black Hawk Down, Pearl Harbor et al).The show opens with a prodigal son Phillip (Jason Momoa) returning to the "res" from...(not exactly sure where, though he was in jail at some point), a search for a missing college student that was on Indian lands for a reason TBD, a cop whose older daughter is hooking with an Indian boy and wife who is a recovering alcoholic with possibly a side order of psychosis.  Tom Sizemore is apparently some form of criminal who is also Phillip's father (his mother is an African American/Indian mix?)While perhaps the goal of the pilot was to set things up, IMHO it is a real risk to open a new dramatic series with virtually no palpable tension or a single moment to elevate the heart rate.  What this means is that there is a lot to get done in the next 5-episodes to not only make The Red Road watchable, but to live up to the advance hype.There are not reviews in for a representative Metacritic's score, though the 2-reviews are both extremely positive with each scoring The Red Road with an 80, which would place the program in the same general area of season 2 of House of Cards.  Lofty air.I am willing to rate the pilot no better than average and hope for improvement.
This is another, &#34;going to New York city to follow my dreams&#34; drama/comedy. Nothing new or fresh in this pilot.
Okay storyline, but it would probably have to get rewritten several times before it would be ready for the actual big screen.  A bit clunky overall, but I feel like other studios have released worse in the past.
I like this show. It's kinda like pawn stars but with darker items. It's pretty entertaining. I had never heard of it, I just kind of stumbled upon it.
I was happy when I found a bunch of new additions to streaming. Until I started to watch 'em. Geez... man, how easy is it to get your flick out there these days??? Movie making used to be a complex undertaking. You have lots of different elements that need to be executed, coordinated, put together, and then finally distributed. Not for the faint of heart! But it must not be that way anymore, judging from the latest batch of secretions up for our viewing pleasure! I will admit I did not put myself through to the end, not even the middle. I immediately noticed that the camera work was subpar, well below even soap opera standards. The acting, if you can call it that, well.... sorry, no. Once we got to the screaming, 'possessed' kid, I bailed. No friggin' way! Seriously man. Just no!
I know the History Channel has faced a lot of criticism recently as their viewing schedule has veered away from classic historical content to shows with more entertainment pizzazz. To my mind, "Ancient Aliens" seemed the perfect program to bridge the gap. Tales of mysterious and unexplained phenomenon, folklore and legend, and intergalactic speculation cross all international boundaries and are an inherent part of ancient history and cultural iconography. And as this documentary series began in its first season, it did a good job acknowledging the various interpretations of alien myths across the globe. However, the more we progress--the theories and/or premises behind the show have become a little thinner, a little more hit or miss.  I suppose that was to be expected as the program has already delved into the biggest, most well known, and most supported mysteries in earlier seasons.  Thus, Season Three (while always entertaining) had its equal share of fascinating speculation intertwined with engaging historical insights AND with episodes of eye-rolling lunacy.I think that's one of the problems of the show.  As it has evolved, it has become less about putting together one big theory and more about episodic nuggets that don't always flow together in a natural way.  Among the wackier entries of Season Three's sixteen episodes is the inclusion of Aliens as they might have influenced or been interrelated to other monsters (zombies and vampires, for example).  While both zombie and vampire legends have remarkable historical back stories that support their current worldwide interpretations, adding aliens to the mix is just a provocation.  Several of the episodes were such a stretch, I laughed more often than I was convinced of anything.The sixteen episodes are:  (1) Aliens and the Old West, (2) Aliens and Monsters, (3) Aliens and Sacred Places, (4) Aliens and Temples of Gold, (5) Aliens and Mysterious Rituals, (6) Aliens and Ancient Engineers, (7) Aliens, Plagues, and Epidemics, (8) Aliens and Lost Worlds, (9) Aliens and Deadly Weapons, (10) Aliens and Evil Places, (11) Aliens and the Founding Fathers, (12) Aliens and Deadly Cults, (13) Aliens and the Secret Code, (14) Aliens and the Undead, (15) Aliens, Gods, and Heroes, and (16) Aliens and the Creation of Man.First and foremost, "Ancient Aliens" is an entertainment program and if you have an interest in the topic (whether or not you believe it), it can be a fun show.  Just look at the episode titles if you are on the fence about how seriously you want to take this as science or history.  Aliens really can't be responsible for everything that has ever happened on Earth, can they?  So the further the show moves into speculative fantasy, the more ill-fitting it seems to the History Channel.  But that doesn't mean that it isn't still a bit of fun.  KGHarris, 1/12.
I liked this series, but didn't love it... like Alias or La Femme Nikita... or even Covert Affairs. Its an okay show, and seeing the British take on spying and fighting was interesting.The continuity was a little questionable, some of the storyline seemed a little too jumpy and discombobulated. Not a fan of unexplained gaps and illogical tangents.
Absolutely nothing happens for most shows except the boys scare each other in a dark spooky place. Sometimes  for a little comedy relief they put the one with the goatee in jeopardy from some unseen force. After an escapist hour, you feel your intellect has become something paranormal. You've lost the will to live. You question your very existence, let alone -- do ghosts exist? But just like watching a clown car accident on the freeway your eyes are drawn to the carnage.
The core device of horror in Would You Rather isn't terrible: desperate people are competing, and getting paid to do horrible things to one another.  Many horror movies these days have populist and/or &#34;game show&#34; angle.  Recently 13 Sins and Cheap Thrills played with this concept in a pretty satisfying way.Would You Rather unfortunately distinguishes itself from those movies by not making much sense.  The title suggests something like Fear Factor, where participants torture themselves.  But what they actually do is choose which other participant they will do something awful too.  That said, there is no consequence for choosing wrong, or a real way to lose---except not participating.Players die incidentally because they are tasked with stabbing, hurting, and mutilating each other---not because of some wicked twist in the game or whatever.  The ending is also plain old stupid, and there are continuity errors in the film.  And perhaps the biggest issue of all: the gore is very weak.
While I watched both seasons, I can understand why it was not renewed.  Rufus Sewell is not only handsome but carried the series.  I would probably watch another season if it is picked up sometime in the future.  I like English productions and will usually gravitate to them.
It has a lot of dirty talk and sex scenes but it's not funny. It's like a cheap soft porn. The dialogues are over the top.
I don't really love Little Bear because it looks ok that was so very angry and I really hate this show
The story line seemed a bit weak - but as the show moved on it started to improve!  Natalie Zea was great - some of the other actors seemed a bit weak compared to her.  Over all it was entertaining!
I was a huge fan of Bones when it originally aired.  I've read the books this series is based upon, I work with "squints" and I thought the writing was spot on, especially the cultural conflict between the scientists and the ordinary joe, i.e., Booth. The original seasons creatively worked through those conflicts and demonstrated how a team can be formed from this kind of diversity.  However, this season has become a characture of that original season.  The characters who had grown are regressing.  Bones is becoming every negative quality that can occur with an over inflated ego and it is not pleasant to watch.  She's superior, hypercompetitive and she doesn't seem to realize that everyone has both strengths and weaknesses -- including her.  If the writing doesn't somehow curb this trend I won't want to be around her and I sure won't tune in to watch.
&#8230;and very little has changed. Unrepentant fans (not to mention &#8220;guilty pleasure&#8221; lurkers like myself) won't be disappointed. The team from the BFRO is still running around with thermo cameras in the middle of the night, shouting and screaming. The producer's ideas on how to get ratings up are just as absurd as usual: think Hawaiian luau + Bigfoot. And although the BFRO represents the &#8220;moderate&#8221; faction of Bigfooting, they believe the lot!One episode features a couple in Florida claiming that the local Bigfeet are bringing them gifts, when they aren't busy pelting their house with rocks. Another episode report observations in the Santa Cruz Mountains, an area teeming with people. What would a flock of reclusive apes be doing *there*, I wonder? And how do they get away so easily after each dramatic encounter with tourists? Naturally, &#8220;Finding Bigfoot&#8221; also visits Boggy Creek&#8230;The most recent episode (as of today) ends with the team actually getting a response to one of their calls, but a sudden thunder storm forces them to give up any further investigations. Damn. That was close! But then, anomalists of a more occultic breed have a ready explanation for such failures. The Trickster archetype, yes?If you are a die hard sceptic, you will probably frown on &#8220;Finding Bigfoot&#8221;, but compared to many other series on American TV, I'd say this one is perfectly tolerable, with the possible exception of Bobo's anomalous friends at that barbecue mentioned earlier. Three stars.BTW, these episodes are officially known as Season 4, not Season 5.
This show starts with a bratty, impolite and grating northerner coming to a southern town to be a doctor.  It shows us (southerners) as hoop-wearing idiots with gators for pets.  It stereotypically degrades southerners as nit-wits and incompetents.  I could not stomach this show--if I were from south Alabama, I would be tempted to sue the network for their portrayal.  Silly show (although I do have a gator in my pond but he is NOT a pet; now that would be silly).
After 7 seasons Matt Groening's absurdist science fiction cartoon is showing its age.In this DVD set we see increasingly implausible stories like Zapp Brannigan marrying Leela's mother or Leela and Amy deciding to join a 'butterfly derby'for no compelling reason, or Bender developing a sudden interest in fox hunting.  Yet somehow none of these stories ever upset the cast's comfortable status quo.There are some fun episodes.  The 3012 elections feature a Hawaiian Senator who is accused of being an alien since he refuses to show his Earth certificate.  We learn more than we ever wanted to about robot reproduction when Bender has a son.  And we learn all about salmon, turtles and seals in a parody of nature documentaries.  But I didn't see anything too ambitious or memorable.Don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed the DVDs but the show is feeling increasingly tired.EDIT - apparently I'm not the only one.  The next season will be the last.  Oh well.
I was looking forward to wathing this pilot becaus it was by Christ Carter but the pilot was awful.  I would not watch another episode.
I'll start by saying I'm glad so many others are enjoying this. The next paragraph spoils an early scene. It's a minimal spoiler, but is the most significantAs a lover of science fiction (Firefly, Almost Human, Bladerunner the book, Robotech), I found the first 25 minutes were a real turn-off. I was almost hooked, however, by the girl's scene in the mirror whose acting originally made my wife and I exclaim, &#34;What a terrible actress!&#34; only to learn that she's *playing* a terrible actress. Cleverly done, I must say. :)Unfortunately, I dislike plots driven by the unseen. I hated Blair Witch, despised Super 8, and found Lost and Fringe boring, as the unseen is too predictable in that it simultaneously potentiates all possible story arcs. Perhaps this show appeals to fans of those films; I applaud them and am glad they have something else to enjoy. This one is a pass for me, however.I am glad for those who are enjoying themselves, however. :D
SPOILER ALERT! (They are kept to a minimum, though.)Like most thriller plots, "The Event" is driven by the seeking of and the suppression of information. In this case, the titular event is the crash landing of an alien space ship in Alaska with an undisclosed number of extraterrestrial biologicals on board. The series has been criticized for jumping around in time so much. Thrillers of this type always use the plot device of holding back information. There are 2 ways to do this: 1. show the story only from the point-of-view of the innocent character or outsider who is pulled into the situation like Cary Grant in "North by Northwest," or 2. jump around in time to show outrageous situations that capture the viewer's imagination. "The Event" uses a mixture of both plot devices.The story opens with the mysterious kidnapping of Sean Walker's (Jason Ritter) girlfriend (Sarah Roemer) from a cruise ship. When Sean looks for her, there is no record of the couple being on board. Like all thriller heroes, be they Cary Grant in "North by Northwest" or the current computer hacker Sean Walker, our hero proves to have determination, intelligence, and resourcefulness.The flashbacks are generally clearly labeled and the interrupted continuity is counterbalanced as we begin to get to know the aliens through a double agent (Ian Anthony Dale), who is both an alien and an FBI agent. The gradual revelations in this type of plot rely on being amazing and dangerous enough to hold our interest. So far, the writers have delivered in the first 6 episodes. This type of plot better suits the shorter movie or miniseries length than a TV series. Critics wonder if the series can hold viewer interest long term and have enough revelations to last a season. That is a valid question.If you enjoy thriller plots and sci-fi, you may enjoy "The Event." You may also enjoy: "The Lost Room"; "Heroes"; "Sneakers"; "All The Presidents Men"; "Three Days of the Condor"; & "North by Northwest".
I didn't even realize this pilot existed until this morning. As a fan of Michael Connelly and his characters, I was extremely excited to see Detective Bosch in action. I've read roughly 7 to 10 from the Bosch series and all of the Lincoln Lawyer novels (as far as I know).I had issue with the very first scene. Never a good thing to start off a show with doubts. From my recollection, Bosch despises having partners and prides himself on being a lone wolf, or perhaps coyote is more apt. I vaguely recall Edgar being mentioned here and there in the books, but he barely registered in any of them. The pilot makes Edgar play a much larger role, which I'm not sure that I'm OK with. Part of me thinks it might help the Bosch character verbalize things that would normally be internal dialogue in the novels.I felt disappointed that the pilot did not focus that much on Bosch's amazing knack for clues and detective work in general. It slightly hinted towards it here and there, but when you only have one chance to make an impression, such as a possible one-time pilot, you need to make it something memorable. They failed in this regard. However, they were able to capture his dedication to the job, as demonstrated when he steals case files and visits crime scenes late into the night.Perhaps I was expecting too much based on my readings of the novels. I think the ultimate test is the answer to the question, would I watch it on a regular basis if I had no prior knowledge of the books. To be completely honest, based solely on the pilot I can say a definite no. It didn't stand out any from the many other detective/courtroom dramas already in production. Maybe as the character is able to be developed more, if the series is picked up, things will improve. For the time being, Bosch needs to work on making a name for himself before it is too late.
This season is really lacking any emotional depth and it is just becoming just too cliche and the characters are just becoming numb and not compelling.Plus the violence is just too senseless and over the top as well.Jax and Gemma seem to be just phoning it in this season too.
This really isn't very good. But considering its obvious budget limitations and the lame story line, it is better than it should be. That may seems like faint praise but it did, barely, hold my attention all the way to the disappointing end. And there were a few moments that even seemed to hint at something better.
I gave it 2 stars because I liked the concept -- alien life purposely brought back to Earth, accidentally let loose -- so I decided to give it a go.  So not worth it. Nothing happens.  Nothing.  It is boring.  No, let me correct that.  It is BOOOOOORING!!!!  Way too many areas of the plot left unexplored; way too much meaningless conversation that does nothing to advance the plot; way too little character development; way too many unanswered questions; and the &#34;plot twist&#34; at the end was incomplete.
IT IS OKAY I WILL WATCH IT BUT IT IS NOT AT THE TOP OF MY LIST I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE DIFFEERNT THEN WHAT IT IS IT IS LIKE SOAP OPREA
I was really hoping this would be more similar to the original &#34;Once Upon a Time.&#34; I've not been impressed with the storylines or characters. Kind of a disappointment. :(
soap opera... like anyone needs that?  I didnt care for soaps when my sister was glued to them and I had to watch. I dont care what you put the people in, a leather jacket and motorcycles even cant make that cool. Katy is always awesome though so she save me from giving it a one star!
Don't like scary stuff my kids probably watched it. They love scary movies. I can live without them. They loved it.
Maybe I was expecting too much from this movie but it was hyped up a lot.I was thinking it was gonna be really scary.  I usually like anthology movies but this was just lame.It's was like watching something like the Blair Witch Projects but as an anthology.This gang of guys who film stupid videos to sell online are hired to steal a VHS tape from a house.One of them ends up watching all these random tapes he finds and each of those shows its own horror story.Most of the stories were kind of lame and reminded at best of some of the crappier episodes of Freddy's Nightmares, as far as acting and writing went.  Just a lot more low budget than that show was obviously.There is one story with a killer in the woods who kind of reminds me of Jason.  There are some creepy parts there but overall this movie was just really slow and boring.The framing device, with that gang of guys, was shitty as hell.  I hated watching those parts and the actors were annoying.
Warning--spoilers.  A straight-laced assistant district attorney (Dominic Cooper) runs over a man while drunk and flees the scene of the crime.  Later another man (Samuel L Jackson) is stopped by police with the dead body in his car.  He claims the man was a victim of a hit and run and that he was just trying to bring him to the hospital but the police suspect that the self-proclaimed good Samaritan is actually a serial killer.  The D.A. decides to throw the case since he has more reason than his colleges to believe the man's story--it doesn't occur to him that the police might be actually right until way too late.  This is highly reminiscent of dumb but entertaining 1980's thrillers like Criminal Law, The Mean Season and Suspect.  I would have preferred that it was a smart thriller but you can't always get what you want.  At least it's fast paced.
So over Rick this season.  There is something thats lacking big time.  At this point I'm giving it 1 more time and if it doesn't getany better I'm giving it up.
The show is trying to be similar to a &#34;Glee,&#34; but no where close. The acting/singing is sub-par and the story line is dismal.
the show is to noisey and each episode is really the same if you have seen one show you have basicly seen them all
Director Jon Knautz's 'THE SHRINE' has a great premise in its first thirty minutes and then becomes bogged down by too many ideas thrown up at the audience.  Trying to find a lost colleague, a trio of friends trace his vanishing to a remote village in a superstitious Polish countryside and become embroiled in town rituals and sacrifices all blown out the window by the films surprise denouement.  The acting is first rate, the photography  is a hommage to the great gothic sixties Euro-horrors of Mario Bava , but is ultimately let down by its off the wall climax which I won't spoil for first time viewers who might like this sort of thing.  Director Knautz, however, shows great promise in becoming a first rate Horror director by utilizing his material to the hilt  incorporating electrifying shocks and quick cuts to his set pieces.  All in all, not a bad way to spend a spooky midnight viewing with friends.
The acting is sub par, the writing is rather sophomoric... I like the premise, just falls short on the implementation... it is salvageable though... we'll see if it can get better.
There is nothing left of the old Grey's. The format, the questionable writing, the inane characters have all made it a caricarture of its former self. Sorry to see Christina Yang go out after the worst season. Earlier seasons are still worth binge-watching. I watched all years last fall Before this season started. I am finishing the year to see how Christina's departure is written but it is painful and annoying to watch. I didn't think it could ever be as bad as the "operatic episode" where certain characters sang their parts but little did I know.....Episodes 20 and later are showing hints of the old show but it's too little too late. R.I.P. Grey's Anatomy.
i watched this because the director is behind the new Godzilla movie. This movie has a lot going for it: nice directing, it's beautifully filmed, great cinematography, creative settings/backgrounds, excellent use of the aliens  - goes to show that 100+ million dollars is not necessary. BUT, it just plods along. it is not about smash and destroy aliens - they serve as the push for the interactions of the 2 lead characters and that is fine - i had no trouble with that. what i did have trouble with was it moved so slowly with little if any character development - i never really learned anything more about these people. and 80 minutes into it i just didnt care, then poof 5 minutes of intrigue and THE END. as a prime member, try it, but don;t pay for it.
Richard Gere makes a few attempts in this film to be the decent actor he has been in the past. However overall I don't think the film is excellent. Its worth the rental price. Check it out if you like these types of dramas.
Worryingly misleading about cancer treatment realities.  Three observations:First: no doc would allow someone who needed surgery as urgently as the Parenthood character is alleged to have needed it to wait for weeks to have the surgery.  It's called 'malpractice,' and for good reason: if a cancer is thought to be so urgent as to require surgery, it's medically ill-advised to wait.Second:  no one who has been through chemo is doing splits at a bar a few weeks later.  Or only BEGINNING to lose a little hair.  Someone who has been through chemo is obviously and visibly pale, weak, and bruised, and looses hair (if she is going to) much more dramatically.Third: going through surgery, chemo, and radiation--which the Parenthood character is alleged to have to go through--takes an enormous toll.  Most people--even young, otherwise healthy, and clearly very affluent--people who have been down that path LOOK it, for months, and possibly forever, moreover, since you are leaving with a weakened immune system after cancer treatment, you are much more vulnerable.It's a huge disservice to the many women (and some men!) who have gone through breast cancer treatment to make it look as manageable as the show does. Even when there are not emergencies--as often there are not--cancer treatment is a slog, a struggle, and it marks you for life.I understand that television glamorizes/misrepresents most of the difficult things in life. Pretend that the characters could afford to live as lavishly as they do in Berkeley  (if the parents' house/compound were in Berkeley--which is it not--it would be worth many millions of dollars).  Pretend that normal working people and parents have the sort of time and money to do overnights in expensive hotels, wear fabulous clothes, constantly have parties with snazzy gifts, etc.  That's just standard Hollywood fare; no one is really fooled.But DO NOT MISREPRESENT WHAT CANCER TREATMENT REQUIRES, or WHAT IT IS LIKE TO GO THROUGH/HAVE GONE THROUGH IT.  That's just irresponsible.
2009NR: The fact that three times as many rated this as 'Loved It' (27), as did those who rated it as 'Hated It' (9), speaks, in part, to why organizations like this are so successful. If someone can make a judgement (good or bad) based on a film which lacks both content and conclusion, then they're ripe for the next level of mind-control! Enjoy. MFJLabs 1x
Something is seriously wrong with the first half, and it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what it is- it's incredibly boring due to being plotless.  It's about a group of middle aged party animals that reunite for a weekend (or week) of heavy fun, drugs and drinking but... for over an hour, that's *all* they do.  This might be fun for them but certainly not for us, the viewers.  They drink and do all kinds of drugs, they roll down hills, they drive fast cars, they simply party without taking a break while reminiscing about old times and past girlfriends.However the second half... wow, now *that's* what I call an improvement!  A drastically different turn of events, in fact.  When one of the friends suddenly commits suicide due to past memories coming back to haunt him, this begins a roller coaster ride of emotions and discussions on what to do with the body, and eventually each friend is affected by becoming progressively worse mentally.  They debate whether doing the right thing and calling the cops is what they should do, or.. should they bury the body in the back yard?  After all, they're heavily under the influence of drugs (of course they don't act like they are- storyline flaw there) and a cop would be able to detect this right away.  From here, well let's just say, the emotions really take their toll on each of the friends as tensions rise and accusations fly.Of course it never really made sense how a female cop just suddenly enters the picture without reason, and even worse is the final chase scene.  Without spoiling the final segment, let's just say, why wouldn't she have a gun after it becomes perfectly clear that the suspect she's after is obviously guilty?  Another illogical moment of writing.Either way, it's unforgivable to ignore the first hour of deplorable party time that does absolutely nothing but bore me to tears.  The only time I'm impressed is when classic Sex Pistols and Funkadelic songs are playing.  REALLY good songs too, so at least the soundtrack is up to par which is more than I can say for the rest of the film.  But hey, if you're an incredibly patient person, maybe you'd be able to tolerate the first hour of nonsense just to experience the significantly better second part.  Since so much time is devoted to very little substance however, I have a hard time recommending this one.
I don't get it. This show reminds me of gumby and pokey from the 60's. I didn't want to get it just from the illustration but my grandson wanted to see it so I bought 2 episodes. He is 3 and likes it. I won't buy anymore because I think it is too mind numing. It only gets 3 stars because he loves it. Must be an acquired taste.
I liked this season, but didn't get excited over it like I did season one. It's worth the watch, but maybe wait to see if it comes out on Netflix or Prime first.
I like it, it made laugh and the characters was fun to watch, don't mind seeing more of it Amazon.
I am just beginning to watch the popular series so my comments are limited to Season 1 alone.  I like most of the players but the writing needs some work. Some outlaw clubs are quite brutal but not necessarily as stupid as some are portrayed here, I don't like the gratuitous violence, especially when they showed an ex member get his back burnt up with a blow torch. Some that like zombies and horror movies may like this violence. I tend to like meaningful stories that draw you into the people, regardless of what or who they are. This series isn't there yet for me but I will post an update if it improves or just quit watching if shows too much stupid & violent.
Rubicon was initially intriguing but lost momentum as it strayed from the group's mission and focused more on interpersonal relationships. The story line then became less believable as we learned that many of the characters were clearly not psychologically or emotionally suited for counterintelligence work. Too bad. It was a great concept but the writers left-wing bias, i.e. torture doesn't produce truthful information, etc., prevented it from becoming much better.
This show lacks originality, the movement of the storyline is weak, the characters are not engaging, and the special effects would be ok for cutscenes in a 90s videogame.  It feels like a typical tv series that doesn't stand out in anyway.  I apologize for suggesting that a 7 year old couldn't write a better show, I know plenty that could.
Seasons 1 and 2 were great.  Not sure what went wrong but season 3 seems disjointed and the storyline was flat out boring.  Definitely not worth the money for the season pass.It was so boring that I started to really notice things like how lousy of an actress Rachel Nichols is.  She's constantly (and annoyingly) moving her head left and right when she's speaking and her &#34;crying&#34; is laughable.  And she cries a lot in season 3.  And when she's not crying she just makes that &#34;I just sucked on a lemon&#34; face.  o.OLiber8 is reduced to scene fillers, Carlos just runs around making tough guy faces (or is that constipation) but other than that he doesn't really do anything, and butt kicking Emily is nowhere to be found except for a few seconds of screen time where she just plays &#34;the girlfriend&#34;.Do yourself a favor and skip season 3.
Aside from the stoner asian who is epically funny ("Donuts" LMAO!!), (and maybe the Rachel from Glee knock off, who is cute), this show and the cast is TERRIBLE. So sorry Bebe, but what were you thinking with that voice? There's no way you could sustain that for an entire season...she must know this is not going anywhere, LOL.Had to really struggle to get through the entire show, was turned off right from the beginning and only stuck in there because the asian girl showed up just as I was about to click it off.Good bye, do not make more episodes. Winnowing week should take them all!
Set in Glasgow, "Perfect Sense" follows the story of a chef Michael (Ewan McGregor) and an epidemiologist Susan (Eva Green) falling in love with other just when a strange epidemic spreads all over the world, depriving the people of the sense of smell. Things don't stop there, but people are resilient, as the film's voiceover says, "life goes on."This is a sci-fi romance with an unusual premise, or a modern-day parable beautifully-shot and well-acted, with a positive message about life, something that is also thought-provoking ... if you can ignore the film's pretentious and manipulative narrative.While director David Mackenzie manages to visualize the impending apocalypse effectively with minimum use of props, there is something artificial about the way the whole story is told. What if you lose your sense of smell? Pretty early on you will know where the film is trying to lead us to. "Perfect Sense" certainly does what it sets out to do confidently, even though I really don't care what is going on in this alternative universe of the emotionally distant film.Like some art house movies, "Perfect Sense" makes a point of showing what is obvious in a novel way.
At first, the time-shifting and dual story line are a little confusing. What's going on here? Seems to be about two unrelated women whoo are finding love in the wrong places. Eventually, it all comes together, but not until the end. I didn't quite see it coming, either. I had to pause this a few times because I got bored and went off to do something else. It's not a very compelling story, despite the big-name cast. I did like the indie soundtrack which fit the lonely images of Mexico, southern California and Washington state very well.
I only watched the Wanda Sykes portion of this show. I think it was interesting to watch because it was before she came out as a lesbian. She was married to a man at the time. She actually made some jokes that raised my eyebrows since she is now a lesbian. I didn't like this because it seemed hypocritical but I think Wanda Sykes is really funny. She is one of the few comedians who can make me really LOL (Laugh Out Loud). If you want to see what her comedy was like before she came out a lesbian or you are a Wanda Sykes fan, watch it. I am a huge fan of hers. I would like to see her in a live how. I am glad she is true to herself now and came out as a lesbian. I hope Wanda keeps on making me and others laugh for a long time to come.
It's OK.  My best Batman fan and I watched this show.  We liked other versions better ('the Brave and the Bold' or the original 'the Animated Series').  Maybe we'll take watch another episode as the series progresses.
King Bagsecg (James Cosmo) is on his death bed. He tasks his son Steinar (Charlie Bewley) to find his older brother Hakan (Elliot Cowan) who had been banned. Steinar travels with a group of men to find Ivar (Ivan Kaye) who may know his whereabouts. Steinar has a brother (Finlay Robertson) and half brother(Theo Barklem-Biggs), neither of which are warriors.Ivar prefers the companionship of young boys. The film utilizes grindhouse style in its introductions and fighting. Both the Vikings and Saxons have British accents. I thought the Vikings had thicker accents. There were numerous anachronisms in the speech, slang, and general ideology. The ending of the film had me scratching my head as it turns into a bizarre apocalyptic Mad Max scene.I do not consider this a pseudo history in the same vein as the others that have been released, it is too far off the track.Makes for an odd historical rental.Parental Guide: F-bombs, nudity, no sex.
This short series is good and I would recommend it to a friend.  It gets a bit mundane in that he sleeps with every woman that comes into the series.
poor little millionaires making even more money on the idiots that care about duck dynasty's daily lives!  reality TV is the worst!
I really hate people who live in pretend time.  Cliff Notes - guy lives not so healthy finally decides to do something about it and somehow got a Greenlight to make this stinker of a finger wagging tome.OK - we're doing things all wrong and he knows how to fix that.  Embarking on a global journey to discover the &#34;perfect&#34; human diet (we all know where that's going) but it's oh so much more than that.  It's designed to fill empty humans with a new lifestyle since all the other lifestyles people like this choose have never worked.OK, so cavemen didn't have Twinkies.The biggest fraud on the planet are folks who claim losing weight is a function of what you eat.But  AND LISTEN CLOSELY FATTIES .....it's not what you eat......it's not even what's eating you........IT'S HOW MUCH YOU MOVE.Diets DO NOT WORK  In fact they make it harder to stay fit.What makes you fit is doing things that make you fit.  Eating Twinkies do not make you fit.  Eating legumes just make you gassy, which is fine if you're 10 or have a 10 year old you want to entertain.  What makes you fit is walking around the block.There, now put the $4.99 you would have paid for this boring waste of me me me me me towards some nice comfy walking shoes and get out and walk.  You don't even have to run.  A mile in the morning and a mile in the evening should keep your waist around 32 if you're a guy.  No need to spend money on the gym unless you enjoy the locker room visuals.  But we have the interwebporn today so no need to waste time in a stinky locker room collecting toe nail fungus.
Pretty good.  That's why I gave it three stars.  I most likely won't watch it again but I'm not sorry that I watched it in the first place.
I have always enjoyed &#34;end of the world as we know it&#34; movies.I like the actors, they come across as real people, but the script writing can be a stretch.Sometimes the acting is not believable.That said, the show has my attention and I will likely watch it through to the end.If this review is not clear, try comparing the acting and script of Walking Dead to that of Jericho, day & night.
not good for your children to watch too much sex and bad words and bad plot it has no learning of any good habits
It was okay.  Not really believable.  Although there are a couple big name actors, the acting wasn't too great. I prefer other &#34;political&#34; shows.
I just couldn't finish watching this one given the graphic portrayals of the sexual relationship between the two principal characters.  While the relationship was central to what story line I could find (and that in itself was a challenge) I think it completely unnecessary to film the scenes in such graphic ways.  I watch LOTS of British TV and drama but just had to turn this one off!
Just did not work for me.  The action was weak, unbelievable.  Writing was not very strong.  Maybe the actors are very popular over seas and that's what carried the movie.  But I would not recommend it to anyone.
Ty Burrell is essentially the same character (Bob Pickler) that he plays on TV's "Modern Family" (Phil Dunphy).  That is, he's a bit of a doofus whose claim to fame is being the butter carving champion of Iowa.  After numerous wins, Bob is forced to retire in order to give someone else a chance.  The carving knife is handed over his trophy wife, Laura.Channeling congresswoman and presidential candidate Michele Bachman, Jennifer Garner gives a performance unlike anything you've seen her do in the past.  She's angry, determined and full of red state entitlement.  Her primary competition turns out to be a 10 year old foster child named Destiny (Yara Shahidi) living with a local couple (Alicia Silverstone and Rob Corddry).  Like Garner, Corddry plays his part dramatically straight and without the usual biting humor he wields.The film is a stinging satire of Middle America values and manages to produce its share of chuckles along the way.  Most of those come from Olivia Wilde as Brooke, a stripper and part time prostitute who had an interrupted liaison with Bob.  She was never compensated so shows up on his doorstep much to his dismay.  Eventually she even hooks up with Bob's teenage daughter (Ashley Green) from a former marriage, in order to get what she feels she is due.  And she enters the butter carving contest.The cast also includes a doughy Hugh Jackman as a former high school sweetheart of Laura.  Laura exchanges sexual pleasure with him in order to persuade him to influence the contest.  While Laura has contempt for Brooke's use of sex for money, she sees no problem with her own use of it to get the little girl out of the way.  Directed by Jim Field Smith ("She's out of My League"), the film does seem to drift from family to family and from drama to comedy with little cohesion.  Stay focused on the evil Laura and tramp-with-a-heart Brooke and you'll have a good time.
This was slow-going at first but if you stick with it, it turns out to be a good story. I don't think it should have taken so many episodes to get through the story, though.
This is a terrible show & I hope it doesn't see the light of day.  I think your exploration of sexuality is a big bust.  Trash this one immediately.
This is a hard one to score for me.. An interesting concept, but it just seemed to try to hard to be edgy.  Normally I love the premium channels's shows (Game of Thrones, House of Lies, Strike Back, Black Sails, etc) and the lack of censorship, so no stranger to some adult content blended in with the story line.  This just seemed like it was trying to hard to be edgy, to where it distracted from the story.  If I judge it against Hose of Cards and the shows above, it is just ok.. Keep in mind that I'd rate most of the crap tv on the old networks as 1-2 stars (with very few shows getting high scores in my book), so this would do well against any of those for the non-premium channel subscribers out there.
A probe is shot into space and, from it, things start to spawn. Monsters soon own a nice portion of our world and, from it, a contaminated zone is form. In this setting you have our two main characters who, through some unlucky bits and some not-so-wise bits, end up crossing through some really bad country while trying to get back to the states.As far as the movie went, it could have been something. The layout of this seemed epic, with the effects pointing out just how massive this could be. The monster impacts on the movie were great, too, and they seemed like they could really be walking those areas they hit. When I saw the first one in the water, for example, I kept thinking how much they should be feared. And more explanation is given on them and that keeps a person watching - and wondering.My main problem was in the ending of this movie and in the characteriszation. When you see this, recall that one of your characters is a photographer that talks about needing money. When great photos show themselves, however, he seems to shy away. I'm talking about stuff that isn't morally-gray, either, but that involves monsters and water or other things. This portrayal doesn't say the man is remotely good at what he does. Then the ending pops up and, well, it takes forever. The people stumble around and it feels like something is going to happen but that happening takes around 15 - 20 minutes. This really hurts the movie alot and takes a thing I would have rated a 4 back to a three.Is it watchable? It depends. It is something that doesn't ever show you the monster and that seems to want to pass enviromental judgment on society. In fact, this is a message in a bottle with a hammer to guide you. I personally found that less enlightening and a little bossy, going beyond the screen. Still, it wasn't something I regret watching. I enjoyed parts of it and, al told, I thought parts were great. It simply needed more direction to be something that really caught the mind and backed up the things it tried to do.
started out good nice looking lots of fun now to much of course , may be for a younger audience.
kind of stays the seem plots are not imaginative. I think the first sixepisodes were pretty good then it kind of got stagnant and neverwent back to where it was.
Natalie Zea is charming enough, but this show is definitely not. The writing is poor and forced, every single joke fell flat (well, at least during that 10-minute stretch that I actually watched it), and this whole idea was done much, much better with the old HBO series 1st & Ten (and one season's story line on the recently-canceled Necessary Roughness).Doesn't deserve a series, and for those who are reading this and wondering if they should even watch the pilot itself, it doesn't deserve that, either.
This kept coming up on my "Recommended" page because I've been watching a lot of BBC series on Prime lately, so I thought, Oh, why not.This was a joint production between ITV and PBS, designed primarily for the American market.  This explains the heaving decolletage and lip augmentation for the ladies, and the too-long hipster haircuts on the dudes, one of whom looks for all the world like Bob Dylan in his mid-60s Carnaby Street phase.  Theoretically, the movie is based on a novel by Jane Austen.  But even if you're not an "Austen purist", it would be hard to class this movie as anything other than a guilty pleasure, though I couldn't tell you where the pleasure is to be derived.  If you want an uncomplicated adaptation of Austen that focuses on the love story to the exclusion of all other concerns, I recommend the Gwyneth version of "Emma" -- at least that movie is occasionally humorous.I'm finding it hard to find things to say about this production.  It was over in about and hour and a half.  All background, characterization, and nuance were thrown overboard in order to connect the dots on the map in the most single-minded and simple-minded manner that would arrive at the final destination.  The heroine, as played by Billie Piper, bears not the slightest resemblance to the uptight stick-in-the-mud Fanny Price from the novel.  (Well, okay, perhaps that's an improvement.)  Piper plays Price as a coltish ingenue with her hair perpetually down.  And, from the looks of it, bleached.  Hip.Blake Ritson as Edmund is the only actor among the younger members of the cast who seems to be making any effort to play a recognizably Austenian character.  Generally speaking, the younger members of the cast act too "modern", particularly the young woman who plays Mary Crawford.  The older actors are hardly given any screen time, so I can't comment on their efforts.The fact that the entirety of the movie was shot on one location -- some grand old pile or other in Yorkshire -- says volumes about the cheapness of the production.  Neither ITV or PBS really laid down any serious money for multiple sets or additional location shooting.  A lazy production for lazy viewers:  an adaptation of a literary classic done in the forgettable style of a "Hot Pocket" microwaveable meal.  2 out of 5.
Having just watched the "Blair Witch Project" and "The Devil Inside", I've become acclimated to mockumentaries of horrifying occurrences, along with the liberal use of the "f" word by the actors to get through almost every sentence.  This film was similar to BWP/TDI but a lot more graphic, leaving very little to the imagination.  Other reviewers have already described the different vignettes that are not related except that they were all left behind by the dead man and they all depict scary/horrific acts committed on ordinary, clueless people.  They're like a series of fake snuff films, with no socially redeeming value whatsoever.  They're just intended to shock.  You have to be under 30 to enjoy this film, if you can even use that word.  I'm not by a long shot.
First off, what happened to Barek & Carver? I know the actors left the show, but there was no explanation given at any time as to why their characters vanished from the series. Barek & Carver were the perfect foils to Logan and Goren/Eames. That is partly why I'm giving this season III stars instead o the usual V. The other part stems from my disgust at the fourth episode. Seeing the particular class type of people in that episode portrayed sympathetically just nauseated me. aside from that episode and the unexplained departure of Barek & Carver, it was overall a good season. And having seen Bogosian before as a villain in Under Siege 2, I really hated his character in the first few episodes, but eventually, I sort of began to even lioke the moron, even though my dislike of him resurfaced in one or two of the final episodes. and why wasn't there a second episode to the one with whoopi cushion?
The concept of this show was great but the writing didn't measure up. I liked the cast but again the characters seemed very superficial. It almost seemed like the writers couldn't be bothered to do any heavy-lifting. It's too bad because it could have been a wonderful series.
Do not believe all the rave reviews.  They're  all from family members and die hard fans who don't want to see these bird killers go.  It's time to close the curtains on this lame show already.
This show is somewhat tragic in that it exploits people who are more than likely mentally unstable.  These people probably do love animals but are unable to see the actual harm in their behavior.  I doubt they understand that in hoarding the animals they aren't providing a safe haven but are instead allowing disease to fester.  I also don't think they understand the impact on their own lives such as sacrificing their nutrition and health care to buy food for cats/dogs etc.They're not allowing these animals to have better homes with families that can give them more love and attention and are instead trying to divide their attention among some 80-100 animals.  In the end most cases will adopt out a majority of the pets or see a majority of the pets go to no kill shelters but not before embarrassing and/or humiliating the person completely.  I also doubt the people in these stories will ever get over the loss of their large cache or pets. There should be a better way for them to receive help rather than "airing all their dirty laundry" so to speak.As a pet owner (My roommate and I have three cats collectively), I find these shows painful to watch. Both the conditions of the pets and the conditions the pets live in are terrible. I understand wanting to own pets but you should be able to provide a decent, safe environment for both you and your pet.I caution any pet lover to go into these episodes with a strong stomach and be prepared to get very angry and very upset. This is not something that will cheer you up even when they resolve the situation at the end, it's still a net loss.
Horror fans will likely recognize Joe Swanberg as the nerve-grating older brother that was shot in the back with an arrow in "You're Next" and probably remember the disturbing short he directed for "V/H/S" involving Emily, the bump on her arm, and aliens. "Drinking Buddies" is a more lighthearted but genuine side of the multi-talented (actor, director, writer, producer, and often cinematographer) Swanberg. The comedy is noteworthy for being completely improvised and having no script. While the film's spontaneity is admirable, the awkward structure of "Drinking Buddies" restrains it from making much of an impact overall."Drinking Buddies" is really an appropriate name for the film. Not only does it describe Kate and Luke's relationship perfectly, but the film is mostly people sitting around talking while drinking. It's a simple concept, but at the same time it's as if you're getting the chance to become a part of the daily lives of these characters. Getting into that mindset is a serious plus since it makes it seem like there's much more depth to these characters than there really is.This is where the film's impulsive nature starts to work against it. While there are key events in the film that drive the story along everything in between feels rather unremarkable. The film is a comedy, but nothing really makes you laugh. Maybe it'll be different for people who actually drink. In between the comedy, there isn't enough drama or enough romance to really make you care about the few twists and turns along the way. You're mostly just witnessing strangers talk at a bar or in an apartment and it's expected to be amusing. The resolve isn't very satisfying either. There's obviously a connection between Kate and Luke, but the choices they make don't really make any sense. They show all the emotions of jealous lovers, but never really capitalize on that. You've probably never seen a movie end with the passing of a banana, but you're about to."Drinking Buddies" is the type of film that seems like it was a really fascinating idea on paper. Being nearly entirely improvised deserves some sort of recognition, but at the same time it lacks the absorbing qualities a polished script and amusing story can contribute. Jake Johnson and Olivia Wilde give some passionate performances, but "Drinking Buddies" is otherwise nothing more than a drunken blur that you'll likely forget about by morning. "Drinking Buddies" is to drinking what "Waiting..." is to the food industry.
A historic inn is closing after many years, closing not only a connection to the past but also a connection to what happened in the basement. There is a legend about a death and about a body, and it leads to stories told by patrons and staff alike. The two people on-shift have taken note of it too, one going as far as to make a website of his encounter and the other just wanting to look around. what begins as fun at closing time starts to slide into contact, and contact leads to more as the inn slides toward being forgotten.I'll be honest, I had high hopes for this film and actually picked it up after seeing some solid reviews.  for some reason, slow building horror movies seem to make a dent with people who lean toward more mainstream films, and that is alright. If that includes your forays into horror and suspense, this might even be something for you. I liked parts of it, and might have liked it more if something would have happened to keep me going. You had a lot of moments that went up in tempo, getting the music playing and the thrills kicking, and you had things that manifested here and there that seemed to say escalation was in order. In fact, it kept on doing that while trying to stay tense but it all felt hollow after a while, like there should have been a few less false alarms and more contact.Basically, I felt like you had an interesting start, some spooky "did you hear that" moments, a nice payout toward the end with minimal effects and a "its there" without the audience seeing it approach to haunting, and an decently interesting end you could see coming. The issue I had was the how long a lot of this took and how redundant revisiting a psychic or watching someone try to find what is making that sound can become. Removing the end because it should always have some payout, a few EVP moments done by not one but two people, a few doors closing and many false alarms, and a strange old man do not making a haunting. It did have some eerie moments and it had all the elements, but just felt like it felt incomplete.to me, the Innkeepers felt like a promise being made and never delivered. That's why I'm going 3/5, saying it was ok, but it should have been better.
I really like country music and I enjoy relationships and I do not know anything about the music business.  The music in this show is a teaser---you get a few seconds of really good stuff and then it's off to something else.  I am sure they are doing that so people will buy the music but I do not like being manipulated like that.The relationships are smutty and flat and predictable.  Sort of like the old fashioned bad &#34;cryin' in my beer my gal done me wrong and my dog hates me too and I  smell just fine and if you don't like it you can kiss my  ....&#34;  songs.There is not one person who is a moral, upright, stalwart, good and Godly person to offset the smuttiness and dirtiness of the rest of the cast.  I want to have at least some hope that good will triumph---there is none of that here.So, this is not entertaining to me.  It is frustrating.
Fun to see the different ideas that contestants come with for Cupcake flavor and design but gets a bit old pretty quickly if I watch a few in a row.
Hannibal is bad, unless you like to see body pars being prepared for food and classical music playing in the background. Very boring, should be canceled very soon. Networks would do better with Zombie projects like the Walking Dead, Please no more CSI network programs.
This is not about angels in my opinion!  It focused on being gay, the diseases, and the death.
Trust me 30 seconds is more than this is worth.Don't bother watching this.it's garbage and filthy and a sad commentary on our society
This is one of those shows that you find yourself talking to the television because you can't believe those mothers would let their kids be talked to that way but then you remember, it is only for TV and fools like me to watch....
I have a first class TV and first class equipment, but when I ordered Grabbers, and tried to watch it, I was unable to do so because the quality was so poor, not to mention the acting and everything else.  After about 15 minutes I just had to click off.  I can't recommend this movie primarily because of the terrible quality of the picture.  I wonder if there's a way to get your money back from Amazon?
I've always liked this show, as it's a no-frills forensics show which was around long before CSI (a phony plastic rendition). It was some time before I noticed certain things about the show. The show has one focus...murder of human beings. First, it is well-known that only ten percent of murders are solved, so this show give a false sense that perpetrators will ALWAYS be caught (and that's the way cop shops want the public to think i.e. they are doing their jobs!). But what finally bothered me was that ALL the murderers portrayed were white males! Statistically, all four races murder equally, other than blacks, who are more prolific depending on what town and state you're in! (Look it up!) In addition, females murder at HIGHER percentage than males (~52%), so murderers are NOT gender-specific! So what does this mean? If you show ONLY white males murdering and they are murdering mostly women (already shown to be biased), then the assumption is that ONLY white males murder and this sets up a 'fear-base' among populations and biases 'white males'. This is called misinformation i.e. some parts are true and some not and is a form of propaganda. This show is produced by the J*wish New World Order, which has often proved a vendetta against this particular racial group (white males). I got so tired of this biased viewpoint that I finally stopped watching altogether. You've got to keep an eye on our corrupt media, as they constantly feed you lies and disinformation!
This film raises serious questions, such as should I give my copy away or throw it out? Randy (Patton Oswalt) is determined to take a group of boys on a scouting trip. He persuades the kids with a corny scout video to the dismay of everyone and absconds with the kids to the woods. The film had potential, but didn't know which way to go. The frequency of crude humor prevented it from being a kid's film. The crude juvenile humor prevented it from becoming a good adult film. It should have appeal to an adolescent crowd, one too young for the rating.The characters are poorly developed. Leonard, whose mother coddles him, is not utilized. Kent's attraction for the older women could have been made more for an adult audience, as long as the film is going that way. What was with the naked girl on the motorcycle? The opening scene was idiotic as scout masters take on the responsibility of informing a child his father has died.Are there funny scenes? Yes. In spite of all the crudeness, there were scenes which made me laugh, but too few to put up with a poorly written production. At one point I thought they were going to mimic "Lord of the Flies," but that fell flat. I think a LOTF spoof would have worked better i.e. make Leonard a fat kid they call "Piggy" etc.Watch at you own risk.Parental Guide: Frequent F-bombs in front of children. Nudity (Jill de Jong model for Tomb Raider)
I've read where this is the last of the franchise that began in 1992 with Jean-Claude Van Dam and Dolph Lundgren at their peak.  It is the only one of the series that I saw and I don't remember much other than it was OK.  Here, they make brief appearances as leaders of the secret UniSols project.The headliner this time is Scott Adkins as John who appears to be just another citizen being awoken by his young daughter who hears something downstairs.  It is Luc Devaraux (Van Damme) and a few cutthroats who then torment John with the brutal murder of his family and beat him within an inch of his life.  John lives and of course seeks revenge.  But some things are fuzzy in his head as he mends in his hospital room.The plot didn't make any sense to me but then I missed all those sequels.  Still, good sequels can usually stand on its own.  This film is not much more than a traditional bad guys vs. good guy blood bath.  I did like some of the fight sequences and clearly Adkins knows what he's doing on the martial arts front.  So does Andrei Arlovski as one of Devaraux henchmen.  He and John have one great dual in a sporting goods store.
I could find nothing to commend this film.  Photography, script, screenplay and direction is poor.  What could have been a suspenseful story was a bore.  Marisa Tomei's performance was lackluster, principally because of a sparce script that left her little to work with.  She is described as starring in the film description, but her character has only a weak supporting role.  Other actors seemed to be reluctant to act.  Not even a "B" movie.  Most disappointing.  This film should not have been made.
This is a review of the 3rd Season of Haven - the DVD set. By the way Amazon, it's really irritating how you mix episode and season set reviews together. Makes it impossible to follow some of these reviews.Any way, there are a ton of questions answered in Season 3. So many in fact, you kind of wonder how they can fill a 4th Season.Other than Duke, many of the characters seem to regress during Season 3. Nathan gets called a hypocrite by Duke. And Duke is completely right. Nathan does some things that seem completely out of character to me. Audrey, not as bad, but also really does something cruel to Duke. And the characters get a case of the stupids in not confiding to each other. Amusingly, it turns out they have a really good reason not to trust each other, but THEY DON'T KNOW THAT at the time.The season ends on a big cliffhanger, which really makes me wonder how they can fill a 4th Season. The DVD set includes a small comic book that takes up right after the finale. It's narrated by everyone's favorite WWE superstar.Don't get attached to the new characters introduced this season.Claudia Black has a great guest appearance this season.I do give the writers credit as you watch a character make some stupid decisions during the season, and they do explain it perfectly. Well done writers.I waited to see Season 3 before reading up on it. With the way it went, I'm going to need to know how Season 4 goes before I buy it.
Too much on the long deep philosophic speeches during crisis that just require grabbing your butt and heading out. We got the deep connections after the first 10 minutes.  Coulda been good. Too forced.
This story exposes the imprisonment of people who could not pay their debts back in the old days in England and how people, especially gentlemen, struggled with its impact on to their reputation.
I gave this show the entire first season to get interesting - it got to the point where I was barely watching each episode.  As a sci-fi buff, I give any show which includes aliens or the future a liberal swath but really this is a kind of a &#34;gunsmoke&#34; type show with some makeup and scenery.  It's not a grabber.
This is a tried and true old plot used for years about tourists going to a lavish spot, encountering crime or espionage and finding themselves involved. The story might do somewhat good at movie theatre with big name comedians or action stars, or both but people these days are not going to shell out big bucks to watch this type of movie in big numbers.
This movie was pretty good. I love scary, horror, bloody, boo, revenge movies. This one was good. And we really enjoyed it.
This started out on a good note with the premise of a small town engulfed in a transparent dome, but it soon fades into oblivion with its cliche' riddled writing and so...so acting. Is King so hard up for money that he signs off on anything they throw at him when it comes to making his books into a TV series? Can anyone remember the last King TV series that was good? Many are comparing this to Lost, but I can't comment on that since after watching a few episodes of Lost and its "dog chasing its tail" stories I had enough. Each weeks story on UTD kept getting more and more ridiculous with Big Jim and Barbie's over the top antics and the dumb as dirt blind leading the blind sheriff and town folk. People really get paid to write this kind of drivel and still others get paid to produce it? This is garbage TV at its worst. I know that I'm in the minority here, but come on people do you really think that this is that good?Rating 0 to 5 stars.Story = 4 For the premise and 2 for the actual stories.Direction = 2 The director is not getting good performances out of the cast.Acting = 1 to 3 The acting ranges from bad to average.Intrest Level = 1 to 2 The bad acting combined with the lack of creative writing makes me yawn.Violence = 3+ There are some good fight scenes and gun play.Sex = Yes, but its network TV, so nothing very hot here.Foul Language = Yes, but its network TV, so you will hear much worse walking in the mall.Entertainment Value = 1 This series only took three episodes before it started to tank.
OK, I admit it. Some of the episodes of this season were pretty interesting, including "Aliens and the Old West", "Aliens and Evil Places" and "Aliens and the Founding Fathers". But why do the producers blame everything on aliens??? Do they really believe that every paranormal happening on the face of the planet (our planet, that is) are caused by little green men from the Dog Star?Egyptian zoomorph gods, the bizarre "suicide forest" in Japan, Thunderbirds, Joseph Smith's meeting with Moroni, Serpent Mound in Ohio, the mysterious disappearance of a 19th century science fiction writer, even the founding of the United States (!)...everything is caused by literal aliens in literal, mechanical space ships. Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, Ralph Waldo Emerson and Walt Whitman are squeezed into the scenario, since they apparently believed in extraterrestrial life, while poor George Washington supposedly encountered aliens at Valley Forge?!A series *seriously* investigating the real or perceived paranormal events touched upon in "Ancient Aliens" might have been interesting, even if some of the stories would prove to be tall tales. Instead, we are forced to endure Erich von D&auml;niken's super-silly "theories" (yes, the old veteran is featured in several episodes), or watch long-debunked "mysteries" such as the Montauk monster (clue: it was a dog, but not from the Dog Star).I'm sure the sceptics reel every time they feel themselves forced to watch the "History" Channel, but why aren't the true believers up in arms against this pseudo-euhemeristic rubbish? Talk about killing a real mystery! Just blame it on the aliens...
Three guys vow to stay single. Jason (Zac Efron) is a NYC book cover designer who plays the field. He doesn't realize he is dating a woman until after they break up with him. Daniel (Miles Teller) works with Jason and has a friends with benefits relationship with Chelsea (Mackenzie Davis). Guess how that works out...hint it's a chick flick. Mike (Michael B. Jordan) is a doctor whose wife (Jessica Lucas) wants a divorce and is cheating on him with a lawyer. Jason meets Ellie (Imogen Poots) who is everything he wants in a woman as this throws a wrench into the &#34;everybody stay single and play the field like we're in college&#34; vow.This is a chick flick poorly disguised as a guy's film. We know it is a chick flick because it is overrated due to Zac Efron being in it. It tosses some crude humor at us and some better barbs about relationships, but frankly it is the same old Hollywood schtick that brings nothing new to the table. Having said that, the actors did a fine job in their roles made unconvincing by a trite script.Will do as a chick flick rental, although I thought &#34;The Other Woman&#34; was a funnier chick flick.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex. No nudity. Efron nearly nude.
I'm only watching this series because I've run out of other things to watch. I'm so tired of seeing women who chase bad guys in 3&#34; heels! The intro to the show with the motorcycle is just silly. It's ok but not great.
I thought it was the movie. Grandkids were not particularly interested in how the movie was made. They are - twins 5 boy and girl. Plus 3 year old girl.
Let's face it; when a person dies, most likely he just vanishes into the ether.  And no matter what people think, that same person probably did not exist before birth either.  (I'll accept life at conception as well.)  But good luck trying to prove life after death, heaven or hell, etc. etc.  Any of these positions is unprovable so arguing is just a waste of time.I did think about the film "The Exorcist" while watching "My Amityville Horror."  If you've ever watched that much-earlier-and-much-better film on disk, William Friedkin gives a very nice introduction beforehand by saying something like, "What you bring to the film you will get out of it.  If you believe in evil, it will affect you in a certain way.  If you don't, then your experience will be different."  I'm paraphrasing a bit, but that was pretty much the gist of it.  But in retrospect, I do believe that Mr. Friedkin wasn't exactly correct; I believe that "The Exorcist" is a danged scary movie no matter what belief system you have.And this documentary tries to spook you a little bit as well, but I don't think that it actually works.  No, let's say that it fails miserably.  Just because someone such as Lorraine Warren makes some assertion doesn't mean that I will necessarily believe that assertion myself.  And let's face another fact; without going for some cheap ad hominems -- which I could easily do and have seen others try with this film -- I didn't find Daniel Lutz to be exactly the most credible witness ever.  It made me think of another documentary that I didn't much like, "I Survived BTK."  Both films should have been quite gripping, but in reality, I found both of them to be quite suspect, mostly because of issues with the main characters in both films.I have seen the original "Amityville Horror" quite a few times, and I still remember watching it the first time.  While I was much younger, it did scare the hell out of me, especially the scene in the basement where the dog gets dragged down to hell, assuming that hell exists.  It's too bad that this film didn't get my attention as much as that one, at least in other ways.  After thinking about it for one night, I'm changing my score from a 3 to a 2, and that's mostly because I turned it off with about 10 minutes to go.  It's just almost unwatchable.
The pilot episode is funny because its audacious and over-the-top redneckery, but shortly thereafter it becomes a droll, uninteresting show about this stupid family of fakes pretending to be beverly hillbilly like backwoodsmen, new to fame and fortune because of a popular duck call, having fun in their hemi trucks and shiny new carharrrrrrt attire.  I would have a real problem with the publicly bigotted statements if it weren't simply a pandering to an audience of morbidly obese neckertown walmartians and a  false flag of 'any-publicity-even-negative-is-publicity-nonetheless' as a dubious means to perpetuate a WELL overplayed merchandising campaign at Walmart that is as stupid as the people who buy into it.
Not too exited about this one.  Usual fair - chases and fights and gun shootings.  Feel .like have been there done that.
The hand held video as movie concept should have died with Blair Witch, but it must be cheaper to put together nonsense like this rather than take the time to craft a really good anthology series. Don't get me wrong. There are some good ideas that could work in the hands of better directors and writers.  Getting past the first 15 (eternity) minutes to try to set up this movie is the real torture.  If it wasn't on NetFlix (which has become the dumping ground for bad movies), I would have quit watching.  But since I could simply leave it running while catching up with the local news, I allowed it to continue.  If you really want to know what happens in this movie (with all "spoilers"), go to the Wikipedia listing ([...]).  The listing is like a movie trailer.  Believe me, all the good parts are in the synopsis and you don't need to waste time watching this movie. If you do watch it, use the Wiki listing to find out exactly what's going on.  Oh, I know there are some reviewers here who think this is high art and the future of horror.  Don't believe it.  You want a good anthology?  Go view Hammers' "Dr. Terror House of Horrors". There you'll find good acting and good stories.  The only horrors in VHS are the directing, acting, and writing.  And you know VHS 2 is just around the corner.
I started watching it because it sounded like a good idea, but had to stop watching half way through the first episode. The story lacks that grip factor, it is boring. The poor acting makes it that much harder to watch. I felt this story was going to drag out all season without giving any answers and couldn't spend my time and money on it.
THIS IS AND ODD STORY BUT WHAT IS EVEN ODDER IS THAT I WANTED TO SEE IT THORUGH TO THE END.  I LIKED IT EVEN THOUGH I THOUGHT IT WAS SAD.  I HAVE A HABIT OF WATCHING THE RATHER ODD STORYLINE MOVIES.
This is one of those movies that just doesn't go and or do anything.  It just lies there, dormant and motionless until the credits roll and your eyes readjust to the light.  What is sad is that there is so much potential within the prose, and even the approach (restraint as opposed to abrasiveness) is welcomed and yet falls so flat it becomes tiresome.  The base plot feels almost silly, never really feeling like a genuine plot and more or less like a child's short story taken over by a screenwriter attempting to make it more adult themed.  The characters are skeletons, the revelations are minute and the overall impact is barely a scratch.  Dafoe sleeps through his performance and builds no depth between his character's motivations and his eventual arc, but at least Sam Neill and Frances O'Connor (she needs more roles) offer up some great supporting performances that actually build a backstory.  At the end of the day, two sharp performances and some beautiful scenery cannot a good film make.  This bore of a tale never fully gets off the ground, despite many attempts to do so.  I understand that this is a more internalized film, but there never seems to be enough reason to care much for what is unfolding.  At the end of the day, it says very little.  If you want an internalized look at a life of regret and personal upheaval, check out 2010's `The American'.  This film tries to mirror the approach, but fails to nail it in any way.
Packaging was done well, no missing or scratched dvd.  This series wasn't what I expected.  Thought it be funnier and more humor.  Its just another police show with drama.  Storyline are ok.  Series is not my cup of tea.  Other folks may like it, I didn't.
Apparently this movie is based on a true story. It is a depressing story and one that in my opinion,did not need to be told.
I can tolerate a certain amount of graphic violence & understand that Viking life wasn't all sitting around looking for 4-leaf clovers - but this was WAY, WAY TOO MUCH!
This I thought was a dumb movie but if you like gory it is here! The quality of the movie was poor so when I reported it to Amazon they refunded my $3.99. Amazon is so good about this! The movie is about this Psychologist that invites her so called friends over to her house for dinner and she took movies of everyone to see if they really knew each other as well as they thought they did. Surprise! They didn't!But as I said before I could not follow it as it kept stopping and starting. Didn't think I would ever make it to the end because of that. Perhaps you will have a better experience.
The concept of a cult film is still comparatively recent even though you can delve back into film history and realize they've been with us a long time. We simply didn't have the label. Then when "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" came out as a "cult" film it ticked me off. You don't set out to make a cult film. You set out to make a film that may, through audience reaction, become a cult film. Seems to me the makers of this flick were trying to make a cult film.Here's the scoop. Something comes down from outer space and splashes into the waters off a sleepy Irish Island. A creature emerges and begins feeding off the local populace. Said creature needs two things: Blood and water. However, the blood can't have any alcohol in it. The locals figure this out and proceed to get hammered while the head cop, and his fetching, temporary deputy try to determine how to dispatch this nasty intruder.This is a rather fun romp. The set up is similar to "The Blob" and "Slither." The characters are more 'type' than they are round, and, the entire town needing to get sloshed to avoid becoming monster chow, takes too much of the horror out of it. In "The Blob" and "Slither", as light as parts of those films might play, when the doo-doo hits the fan, they become genuinely scary. This flick also pays homage to/borrows from/steals from "Alien" and "Aliens." This might not have bothered me so much had the film itself been better. The monster effects are pretty decent. The script also telegraphed certain things you knew had to come into play later on. I like being surprised so this took a little away from the enjoyment for me. Now, the directing. There were 8 or 10 film companies involved in the production. Seems to me they could have come up with a better director and camera man. This looks to have been shot on video and lacks the palette using film would have given it. The framing was just okay. Nothing jumped out as being particularly nifty or innovative. There were some nice shots of the Island itself though. Looks like a place one might wish to visit.
How could the BBC and HBO do such a poor job?  The true grit and integrity of performances we've come to expect from both British television and HBO was utterly lacking.  What was Levinson thinking?  We can usually count on him, too.
Season 1 was very entertaining, Season 2 was pretty good, but Season 3 demonstrates that Warehouse 13 has lost an indefinable something. Something has changed in the running/writing of the show that has lost some kind of synergy. Save your money, Amazon will have this on sale for 20 bucks soon enough.
This gets off to a fast start. We leap into the middle of a war in some distant future, where megacorps squabble over the earth's remaining resources. During the mayhem, the long sealed crypt of a lost city ("how do you lose a whole city?" asks one character) is blown open, and the Bad Things emerge. That's the real plot, stuffing the Bad Things back in their hole, but there's some fun steam-punk in this brief segment, with things like coal-fired flying machines.Then the plucky little band of select fighters is off to save the world. As usual, this group includes the prig, the bad boy, a holy joe, a mysterious and frail-looking woman, and a few others from the toy-box labeled "stereotypes." There's plenty of action, with increasing amounts of gore toward the end, and a finish about like you'd expect.As commodity entertainment goes, it's a good, solid product of its sort. If the anachronism of swords and zapguns doesn't annoy you, you might even like it - but probably not enough to remember much about it a week from now.-- wiredweird
Really hard to watch the same characters doing the same things over and over.  After a while, I didn't care anymore.
I hate it when they do shows with high school characters. They always use people who are clearly too old to be in HS. It's about as glaring as if they used dioramas with marionettes instead of CGI. I know it's just the first episode, but the characters didn't seem to have much dimension. They can probably hammer that out as time goes on, but the personalities seemed a bit thin.Also, why do these companies charge for the pilot episode? If you're going to go fishing, don't balk at paying for bait. I've bought lots of full seasons and season passes on Amazon because I saw the first season here or on Netflix and decided I wanted to keep watching, even if I had to pay more.
This movie is full of action,violence and good actors/actresses. The only weak part is the rushed romance between a couple of the characters. The actors are so accomplished however, that it escapes being foolish. I watch movies specifically to be entertained and this movie certainly does that.
It is pretty good, it's fun and fast paced along with America's worst cooks she is really stepping up her game.
I wrote a lengthy review for the first season of this show. I'll try to keep this one short.There are a few spoilers in this review. Not major ones, but I thought I'd mention this.I still like the returning characters, except for Karen, who, as I wrote in my review of Season 1, is just too nice and one-dimensional to be interesting. Everyone else from the first season is still great. Ivy becomes even more likable, so does Derek. Derek shows a softer side, for a change. Tom, Julia, and Eileen are still excellent characters.I do not like Jimmy, the troubled composer who was not in the first season. He, like Karen, is too one-dimensional.. not a complicated enough character. He gets on my nerves.Ana, Karen's roommate, is a main character. I didn't find Ana to be particularly interesting. She's ok, but hard to accept as a potential Broadway star.I also do not like "Hit List," the musical created by Jimmy, and his best friend Kyle. I've had very little exposure to Broadway musicals. Maybe "Hit List" is good, but I like "Bombshell" a LOT better. It's hard to see "Hit List" as being a serious contender for the Tony awards. Also, sometimes the plot for "Hit List" seemed unclear to me. Maybe I just watched too many episodes of season 2 when I was quite tired.The plot of "Smash" is less focused than in season 1. The show seems to wander around a bit too much sometimes, especially since there are two musicals (and the personal lives of people in two musicals) in development instead of one this season.Lastly, this is a minor thing, but a disappointment. Things didn't turn out well enough for Sam. I think Sam is a good character. I had high hopes for him.Some things I did like besides those I already mentioned.. guest appearances by two singing stars who I shall not mention because I don't want to give away the surprise.Also, the script, at times, is still rather good.Yeah, season 1 was better, but season 2 is still worth watching.
Terrible acting, and quality is very low on the camera work. If you have prime it;s free so you can see for yourself.
The coaches have the best interest's of the children at heart. The contrast between the mothers and the coaches is sadly remarkable. The dancer's trust their coaches but are so manipulated by their mother's it's hard to watch. The children have no say in their dancing futures because of their mom's selfish whims. Tragic for the children, but if you'd like an example of how NOT to parent, watch this show!
Don't waste your time.  It is not funny.  All the jokes are political.  The script is clearly written about one political party by the other.
Too bloody, violent and there was nudity and explicit sex scenes in the first five minutes......Not my type of entertainment...at all.  It was not evident that this was in the show by reading the synopsis or I wouldn't have rented it.
This is a children's show with a purpose. It takes the mystery kid genre a bit more seriously than shows like &#34;Blue's Clues&#34;, but not so serious that a child wouldn't enjoy it. It is more focused due to the fact that they are providing educational opportunities throughout the mystery that are more needed than some other shows of the genre do. In the pilot they used simple math to teach children about a pattern. It was genius! This is what a children's show should be about, providing educational opportunities while not making your child feel bad about not knowing what is going on all the time in the context of the show. I would have any child watch this.
The first four season were outrageous. I waited on pins and needles for the next episode, the next glimpse of what might happen, the next bit of news. Season Five? Not so much. If there's a Season Six?  Nuh. Uh.  Right now I won't give specifics for fear of spoiling, but I will say that the writers looked for scape goats and found lame ones. Goats that fly even more badly than pigs do in a fantasy series.  Sorry, guys.If I could reach through your screen I'd grab your lapels and shout, &#34;Don't do it, man! Don't do it!!&#34;
I jumped on top of this train all the way back in season 1.Was looking for something a bit different, that didn't take itself overly seriouslyand had a great ensemble cast.  It filled that bill quite nicely,The premise, Mike is a pothead (Sure there's a better, more current term), who also hasa sort of eidetic memory (can retain everything and apparently actually understand it allas well.)  To support his habit, he takes the bar exam for people.Premiere episode (which I give a 4 star rating), has him trying to hide at a hotel where theyare holding "auditions" for newbie lawyers for one of the biggest law firms in New York.Once he demonstrates his ability to Harvey, Harvey sneaks him into the firm as the newkid on the block.So, a lot of unbelievable action here, Harvey is a big time lawyer, big time money and he'sgoing to risk it all on (and I'm guessing here) a kid who is "illegal", no papers?hmmmm.Well, this all leads to some pretty entertaining episodes in season 1, I highly recommend that.Season 2, someone decides there needs to be some drama in the whole thing, so they bringback an old partner that they had managed to get kicked out of the company several yearsearlier.Again episodes not bad, actors do I think a bang up job on the whole deal, they're strivingfor more tension in the episodes, and the kicker here is that the old partner (founder actually)of the firm -may- be here to take the firm back.Throw rationality out the window, ignore consequences and you'll get a decent enough ride outof it, call it 4 stars because of the whole focus on Drama (with a capital D).Break in season 2, now they're back.Let's ignore the whole streaming taking several days to get the episode online (Amazon thing),I could rant about that for days.Series seems headed more into big D-rama, Mike melting down, and likely he'll recover hisfooting.  In the meantime, to me, it's sort of jumped the shark a bit.  The relationship betweenMIke and Harvey is on the rocks, Rachel is rightly pissed and Mike's off doing stuff that.... wellgiven the background they've laid for the character seems to be marginally believable, basedon what he had promised his now dead grandmother.LIke I say, I may well cancel the streaming for the next couple of episodes, come back laterand hope it finds it's groove again.
This is one of those "footage" movies.  There are so many of them you know what to expect; jumping back and forth through the story for no apparent reason except to make the movie not drag on and be completely boring in the middle.  Unfortunately, all of this movie is boring.  Bunch of people die, they were too lazy to actually film the deaths so they either drift off into space, drown in a lake, who cares they're dull and lifeless characters anyway you won't care.My europan light parasitic space octopus doesn't approve.
I love true crime and reality shows. This show was interesting and I enjoyed it but it is not one of my favorites.
Season 4 was almost as bad as Season 1 was good.  I could easily write a 10 page review detailing the various issues I took exception with, but I will suffice with a complaint list.1. The plethora of plot twists.  Even M. Night Shayamalan would've said enough's enough.2. Bringing people back to life.  I know that they were never confirmed dead, but they were dead enough.  I thought Prison Break was making a bid to be a soap opera.3. The various coalitions.  How many bad guys can you work with just because "you need them."4. The sloppiness of The Company.  Whereas the General wouldn't even say a word in season 2, by season 4 he was a chatty kathy.  He was equally careless with who he killed and how.5. The slipperiness of T-Bag.  T-Bag left almost as many dead bodies in his wake as did The Company but by the end of the show I knew one thing: if a nuclear bomb went off the only survivors would be cockroaches and T-Bag.  He had more lives than a cat and the uncanny ability of always having just enough information to keep himself alive.6. The Scofield boyscout act.  In season 1 and 2 Scofield's reluctance to kill was an endearing quality.  It made you realize that he was no real criminal, he was only in his position due to trying to help his brother.  By season 4 I was sick of the "I won't kill" act although he repeatedly faced immenent danger.  Ultimately, that left others to do the killing for him or him accidentally killing people (i.e. the man he hit with a piece of wood then fell and cracked his skull).  The only time Scofield actually pulled a trigger... surprise the gun wasn't loaded.  Heck, Sarah killed more people than Scofield did.7. The resilient bodies.  I finally began to tire of the amazing faces and bodies of the cast.  I don't mean amazing as in stunningly good looking, but as in their abilities to heal so quickly.  Normally I afford a show a lot of leeway when it comes to suspended belief: manhole covers that weigh five pounds, concrete that easily crumbles, abilities to run long distances at top speed, etc.  But, I guess once a show starts to go south every annoyance is amplified.  From the beatings, stabbings, shootings and other abuse Scofield, Burrows, T-Bag, Bellick and Sucre took, they should still be hospitalized.  Scofield didn't even have a visible scar from getting his brain tumor removed.  Their abilities to take beatings and survive and make a full recovery free of any scars or lasting disabilities became unbearable.8. My indifference.  In season 1 I was at the edge of my seat.  I was holding my breath with every close call.  I was exhaling with every escape.  I was enthralled by Scofield's detailed planning.  I was even quite torn up when Lincoln was taken to the electric chair.  All of those emotions and feelings were dulled by season 4.  I was no longer at the edge of my seat, I was no longer exasperated by their capture or thrilled with each triumph.  And that was the single greatest disappointment of season 4.  Each scenario was one that had been played many times before in a different format yet the outcome was always the same.The show lost its umph and lost its luster.  There was a severe lack of imagination and hence a sharp drop in quality.  It seemed like actions of Scofield and The Company were directly proportional to the writing.  As the writing got sloppier, so did Scofield and The Company.  It just sucked to see the show flame out the way it did.  Even the ending was anti-climactic.  The show would have been better off ending at episode 12.  But, being honest about the entire show: how sustainable can a show called "Prison Break" be?
This film is a big waste of talent.  Richard Gere at 60 still is charming and has a great hair cut.  Poor Susan Sarandon didn't do so well.  Somehow they managed to make her look fat and unattractive.  The others are uninteresting.  Some attractive but boring blond girl plays their daughter.  You'd think a child of theirs would have some personality but no.  There's a detective who does a bad Columbo impersonation.  I'm ashamed that I sat through the whole thing.  I kept watching just to see how the guy's troubles would end up and then....it was over!  What happened to him?  Frankly I didn't care much.
I'll never forget the first time I watched The Office.  I had always been very reluctant, because I had seen the previews, and I even watched the pilot (which I didn't like), so I never gave it a chance.  Then, my best friend and I were on a flight from California to Key West (6 hours), and at some point he passed his laptop over to me and told me to watch an episode or two.  I figured I had nothing to lose, and just picked a random episode from season 3 (the newest season at the time).  I remember laughing so stupidly hard that other passengers on the plane probably thought that I was insane.Throughout that trip, I watched both season 2 and season 3, and never missed another episode.Fast forward a few years now, and I met my future wife.  When we were hanging out at her family's house, I'd be channel surfing, and I'd come to the Office, a show that she said "looked boring".  I guess this was time for me to pay it forward.  She said she'd seen a few scenes when her brother had put it on, but that was it.  Well, she watched some of that season (season 6, I want to say), and was hooked, so we started watching from the very beginning, and I was able to relive the Office memories all over again.We really feel like we had a personal connection with the characters, specifically Jim & Pam.  The way their relationship started was very similar to ours...work place crushes while we both had significant others...the eventual relationship...the 'office' wedding, even their attitude and interests kind of mirrored ours.  It was even more freakishly similar when I was offered a job near Philadelphia, and we trekked across the country to try something new - even though the situations were pretty different, the feelings that both Jim & Pam had may have been a bit similar.This past season wasn't it's strongest...it wasn't the weakest, season 8 takes that cake, but it definitely wasn't up to par with the earlier seasons.  Many of the main cast members had left, the most devastating departure being Steve Carrell as Michael Scott, the original bone headed but ultimately pretty sweet manager of the paper branch.  Many of the writers had moved on as well, and it was evident.  There were story lines and characters here that just didn't feel interesting (Erin & Plop), funny (Andy), or needed (Nelly).  There were entire episodes where I didn't laugh once.  However, the end of the season is strong, particularly the last few episodes, and the finale is a fantastic send off that honestly had my wife and I crying like babies.In short, this was not the best season of this show, but it's still required viewing if you're a long time fan.  If you've been with the characters like I have for 8 years, you owe it to yourself to watch this all wrap up.  Even with the weak installments, I'd still put it in with the elite TV comedies (Arrested Development, Seinfeld, Curb Your Enthusiasm), and when this show really hit it's stride (season 3, 4) it was some of the best comedy on TV of all time.Goodbye, Dunder Mifflin.  We'll miss you.
Roy looks like a mountain man.  He's earned a bunch of patents, but his property in the Redwoods has all kinds of beat up cars on it.  He's accrued 20 MILLION in local fees.  Now clearly no one would be able to pay that.  "Hoarders" tries to clear his cars and their equipment gets stuck in the mud!  If this guy is such the genius, why doesn't he have a lab, rather than a heap of junk!?  The show never says if his hoarding hurt the redwoods or was in some way anti-green.Now Loretta was a trip!  She looked like Marla Gibbs on crack!  She was pregnant and the show concludes by saying she had a healthy baby girl.  Still, I'm seriously worried that the mother's nuttiness may hurt the child eventually.  Loretta didn't wanna throw away nothin'!  It was funny, and exhilarating, to see her sistah-gurl relative snap on her and walk off in disgust.  Her husband stood by her side, regardless.  He must have loved her strong, or just had extreme passive tendencies.  Many of the non-hoarding husbands on this show threaten to leave, but this guy never once indicates that he'd abandon his nutty wife.  Good for him, well, in a way!
I started watching this show because Monica Raymund was in the cast and, after watching all three seasons of &#34;Lie to Me&#34;, I think she's among the most provocatively beautiful, talented, and fascinating actors I've ever seen, but after watching &#34;Chicago Fire&#34; for most of season 1, I've given up because, apart from Raymund's Gabriela Dawson, for me there simply are no characters in the series who are interesting, likeable, or possible to care about, and more than a few are just plain aggravating - especially Taylor Kinney as the obnoxious Kelly Severide with Jesse Spencer, late of &#34;House&#34;, a pretty close second. This is really just a nighttime soap with the &#34;drama&#34; of fires added to give it what juice it has and that really isn't much. Eamonn Walker as the Chief is quite effective, but Charlie Barnett as Peter Mills is a ridiculous, puppy-like character who acts about 16. Others, of course, may well feel very differently, but I was very disappointed.
This movie could have been great. Should have been with an exciting concept, but with all the down right absurd events and idiotic things people do just to move a plot to its intended destination, all with complete disregard for character development or common sense, ruined the whole thing. Example: people go out to repair ship with out being tethered to anything but each other, with expected results, fluid used in ship circuits (or something not sure where exactly) will poison the entire ship and kill everyone without a mechanism to decontaminate or clean spacesuits, people have to gather samples by hand, no robots I guess, people go out on their own and run off by themselves doing whatever the they want to on obviously unstable ice. No one is leading this mess, no commander. It's entirely rediculous, the whole thing. None of these crew members were professional, com pentane or effective. They were immature and stupid. This seemed more like a mix of Big Brother and Blair Witch, neither of which I care for. The only this I liked was the good environmental visuals.
i didnt think this movie was as bad as some as the reviews.........i thought it was a solid nice sci fi movie......the idea was eerie & maybe it was some  kind of a re boot of society idea type of movie......i did find it odd the animals were able to survive the dark shadows....hmmm maybe cuz the animals are pure & didnt need re-booting & unlike humans who have been so jaded & corrupted etc they needed a fresh start.............maybe thats why the ending was the way it was.........the people left were the "purest" choice.......my only complaint was it was so dark for most of the watch but i still enjoyed it................
&#34;People don't really change. Put them in enough pressure and you find out who they really are.&#34; A group of astronaut explorers are sent to Mars to explore. When they begin to collect specimens one of them falls mysteriously ill and dies suddenly. No one can figure out why but little by little the conditions worsen until it becomes a fight for survival and escape. I am becoming more and more of a sci-fi fan. I think it has to do with the quality of movies in that genre that are being released. Contrary to most genres the big budget movies seem to be the best ones released. There have been a few standouts, Moon comes to mind, but really Prometheus and Gravity were awesome and I have started to become more excited about new sci-fi movies. After having said all that I was very disappointed in this one. The main problem with this was that it was just to slow, generic and really just not exciting at all. I didn't connect with any of the characters and once again the movie seemed to try too hard to be Alien, and once again fell short. Overall, hardcore sci-fi fans may like this, but to me I found it really hard to get interested in. I give it a C-.
Sorry I can not describe it much, couldn't watch it for very long. Its just not the show for me.
Though melodramatic the Season 2 finale of Mad Men had one of the most concrete and enriching ends. It showed us a side of Peggy we didn't know exists. Mad Men definitely slows down in Season 3 and eventually there are a lot of things that take a completely different turn. For me the star of this season was the character, Pete Campbell. I think he's one of the most interesting actors on the show and he is terrific, he's the sort of slow burner character that grows on all of us and he is funny even when he isn't and is simply being himself. I feel this is where Mad Men shines, it shows such a vast array of characters who actually seem to live in their own theater.Don Draper, the central character, takes quite a few hits in this season and amazingly enough it is like a see saw between him and his wife, Betty. Betty truly finds herself in this season and after many years of marriage decides to venture out. It is amusingly sad to see their relationship disrupt because of the conviction with which Draper carries himself is complete undwindling. Don Draper is right even when he is wrong, his eyes seem to show a complete contrast to the morality of his actions. Would this sort of a person be accepted by other as a friend? Notice he doesn't have any friends except maybe good old Peggy.In Season 3, the women of the show find themselves while the men stands on confused grounds.One of my favourite episodes of the show was the one where the President has just been assasinated. The response of people all over the country is one of emergency, alarm and everybody in general is devastated. The show very keenly highlights how there was an absence of the vicarious disease which seems to have taken over America. What I'm trying to say is that the way people are saddened by the President's assasination is the true indicator of compassion which country men in those days felt. Forgive me and correct if I'm wrong but a similar incident in today's time would raise different reactions from the general lack of attention span...ok I'll stop dwelling on that. It was such an awesome episode.While I liked Season 3, there is something amiss here. Maybe I liked the show but I don't agree with the direction it went. Maybe I didn't like the falling apart. So let's see what the dvds of season 4 bring out for me.Sterling is another one of my favorite characters and I hope they keep him around. I'll soon find out.
A fair action movie which morphs into a disaster movie with pretty wild special effects, especially in 3D.  Fight sceneswere generally fair to good and this one would be a pretty fair Saturday evening two popcorn movie.I was really surprised by the good reviews given to Keifer Sutherland for his role.  It seemed to me that he was sleepwalkingthrough the whole movie except when he was channeling his father's (Donald) laid back, sophisticated evil sthick.  Daddy does itbetter.You won't be bored.  Actually, the extras describing the way the director went for accuracy re the city and special effects is worthhalf the price of the DVD.
first episode was good. second and third sort of limped due to story quality which petered out. acting was good as was the basicsetting of the story. i'll probably try it again when new showings are available.
I want to see how this show develops, it definitely leans in one direction but based on who the writers are I kind of hope they twist it in more directions and doesn't go in a traditional post apocalyptic form.  The characters in my opinion were too stereotypical and that bothered me some but if they evolve it could be enjoyable to watch them
You're going to need a lot more than naked Scarlett Johansson to save this film.  Yes, she is naked in so many scenes that I forget how many.  And the nudity actually made sense for each scene.  I think.Still, this movie has no plot--it wanders.  Its end is absolutely horrible.  The film explains nothing.  No characterization, no motivations, no antagonist, no climax--this film is NOT A STORY.  It is a dream-like succession of interesting and sometimes-beautiful cinematography.If you have a hard time with Scottish accents, forget this film.  I could hardly understand 90% of the &#34;dialogue.&#34;  And the men talking don't matter to the plot anyway.  In reality, they were captured by hidden camera and spliced into the film.  Really weird technique that only makes the movie less watchable.Be warned: There is a lot of nudity.  Scarlett is a beautiful, REAL woman.  Her body is like a healthy ideal for women.  But it gets a bit tiring.  Believe it or not.  And the naked men were not my cup of tea.  Walking into traps with erections.  No thanks.While the bulk of this movie is absurd and slow and pointless, the STRANGE visual beauty of the film is to be commended.  Even the naked bodies were lighted (or shadowed) interestingly.  The scenes are all creepy and make even the most mundane parts of our world seem alien.But save it for the art house!  Give us story!  Not a presentation of weird cinema.Why did I even watched till the last scene?  We learn nothing.  Our heroine accomplishes nothing.  In fact, she nearly SAYS nothing.Well, the visual weirdness of the movie is like a slideshow.  You begin to realize that you are NOT watching a movie in the traditional sense.  Instead you are just watching art.  Set in a world in which something alien is kidnapping humans.  I think.Under the Skin makes the book it is based upon seem like the ramblings of an idiot or a drug-addled, paranoid teenager.  I feel bad for the author.  I will not TOUCH that book now.AVOID Under the Skin, unless you want to learn how to make camera shots creepy.
While entertaining, this season seems more contrived than others.  The personal ties from earlier seasons added continuity to the episodes. These connections are often missing on the college campus.  Still the series is entertaining.
Classic sf concept, pretty good actors, but the writers have zero understanding of tactical combat.  Characters continually do spectacularly stupid things, and some of the plot lines are insultingly dumb.  Chinese team taking over super secret super secure headquarters?  Sure.  Such cliche, boring, & dumb writing takes most of the fun out of the series.
I loved the cast but the writing leaves a lot to be desired. Bad Republican jokes plus others that fall flat.Get better writers and this show could be something.
This show wants to be the small screen serialization of Bret Easton Ellis or Jay McInerney, but it doesn't quite get there.  It doesn't have the depth, and it feels too much like other "struggling creative guy in the big city" comedy dramas we've seen.  Good to watch for Duchovny, though.
Good for the science and math lovers - kind of of like a NCIS with a math twist.  The first few seasons were the best because they were clean. Now they're involving too much sex and swearing for my taste - just trying to bring in a new audience, I think.
I could do with less raunchy sex scenes. The story line can hold its own with out them. Maybe they should try it. I know some people stopped watching due to that reason
Richard Gere plays Robert Miller, who on his 60th birthday, appears to be the portrait of success in American business, and the perfect husband and father. However, what he portrays on the outside is only a cover-up for the dark secrets he holds on the inside. His mansion was a dream come true, but behind the walls are silent echoes that he's in over his head. In desperation, he attempts to sell his trading empire to a big bank, before fraud is revealed. During this process of panic, he struggles to hide his secret from his wife, Susan Sarandan, and his daughter. To add on more stress, he is having an affair with Julie. Just before he unloads his troubled empire, an unexpected bloody event takes place, forcing him to juggle crime with family and business as someone from his past comes back to haunt. The NYPD begins to confirm suspicions, and trouble ignites until it explodes. Michael Bryer goes after Miller full-force. Will Miller clean up his act, or run and hide? This is a fast-paced drama that relates to economic problems, white-collar workers, Wall Street, and crime. The tone is tense, but Performance and Dialogue are lacking. The movie moves too fast as it becomes confusing and disappointing. The ending does not satisfy. Worth seeing? Yes. But, don't expect too much. Richard Gere has done much better in several other movies!
The title is the only thing tempting about this boring movie. Don't waste your money. I was so disappointed ugh.
I&#8217;m about halfway through the first season, and so far it&#8217;s been good.  It&#8217;s full of action, corruption, violence, suspense, and a decent enough plot to carry the show along.  Even though I found parts of the show to be pretty annoying (i.e., the unnecessary narrations and the &#8220;overused&#8221; detective that doesn&#8217;t play well with others), I&#8217;ve kept on watching and is actually starting to get drawn into the plot.  I think I&#8217;ll finish out the season just to see how it ends.  Too bad there isn&#8217;t a second season.
Okay, I have to admit I watch this show out of sick fascination about their lifestyle. I keep watching to see if it gets any better, if the wives actually grow up. I think Janelle is the most mature and most level headed of the whole bunch. Meri is the most selfish...a 7 bedroom house for her and her daughter? with a wetbar, a pool and a pantry?? Can you say retched excess?? She is unbelieveably self absorbed. Janelle is in all rights to be mad at her, jealous of her, she takes the family resources for herself. Oh, and have a baby or don't have a baby, choose one or the other but quit acting like it takes the moon to make a decision.Christine is the biggest baby. Grow up. 'I didn't pay the water bill because it was so small I forgot about it and waaaaaaah, it will screw up our financing' Please. Needy and whiny is all she is.Robyn..I cant stand. She knew her credit sucked and yet still chose to go 'all in' with the others for financing and didn't tell them or give them a heads up. She is also selfish in sucking up the family resources on her own self.I think the kids are the best part of the whole series. You can tell they are all going to grow up and learn from the parents. I wish there would be a Sister Wives Teenager Spin off.Again, I watch for the sick fascination of it all. Wish them well but geez, grow up.
&#34;It's okay&#34; pretty much says it all, but to be fair, we got so spoiled by watching Justified (all five series on Prime), that nothing is measuring up.  This gets better with each episode; I guess the conceited detective kind of grows on you.
We opened this because the storyline sounded provocative - a mystery at Oxford.  It was not very intriguing starting out, but...willing to wait (sometimes a story has to &#34;warm up.&#34;)  This one became purient-plus (I realize that there is not such word, but how else to emphasize the content of this movie), and must admit we cannot give a full review - we turned it off.  Guess we were naive, for such an open sexual exhibition was not something we would have expected (unless the movie were rated R or xxx - which this one was not.)  We would say that it was right up the alley for a voyeur.  Suggestive is one thing, but this was eversomuch more.Therefore, can say if you enjoy visual sex, this is the movie for you. If not, would advise you to look elsewhere.
I was hyped when I saw John Goodman's name attached but very disappointed with his character. This show missed the mark by a long ways as the content was dated, not all that funny and really not that interesting. I would guess that if this was on a network channel it would get cancelled about three or four shows in. A definite no on wanting this as a series on Prime.
Seal Team VI is like all other war films supported by the Department Of Defense. The story line is pretentious as is the dialogue created for the characters. There is way too much chest pounding and too little action in Seal Team VI, which relies more on DOD supplied war footage than action scenes created by all involved in making this movie. I was really embarrassed for the producers, the director and the writers, who in their mind's eyes made a homage to the Seal Team program. This film is as bad as &#34;The Green Berets,&#34; starring John Wayne, which was  a homage to the Army's elite unit, the Green Berets. People with service backgrounds should stay away from being creative, and leave it to the professionals. The DOD influence just muddies the creative waters. Only Oliver Stone served up a film depicting his Vietnam experience that proved to be Oscar worthy in his 1986 film,&#34;Platoon.&#34; These other wanna be film makers fell on their face in their attempts and Jeremy Davis, in my opinion, is one of them.
In this season I feel that the writers and producers were trying to hard and focusing way to much on character development.  Personally I believe that character development should be done in the first season of a show and find it tedious to start learning about the characters in season 3.
No actual show.They are just prepping you for the next season.I wish I hadn't wasted my money on it. Go directly to season 4 and they'll give you a recap.
I enjoyed this show but it never really grew or improved as it went along. Jenna Elfman is extremely talented but was way underserved and underused in this. She deserves way better!!!
Note: I saw this online with XFinity On Demand.This show attracted my attention, despite my having read about the name change the show went through from its disturbing original title, which is extremely disrespectful and irreverent. Based on ABC's excellent track record this year (though they were stupid enough to cancel the reboot of Charlie's Angels, Once Upon A Time and Revenge have been major successes for the network; they should have given Charlie's Angels a shot at sticking it out), I decided to give this series a shot, but just for the pilot, as I also found out that there's a gay character on the show. Why does almost every television series have a gay character on TV these days? It's nauseating. But I digress.Watching the pilot episode of this show was like seeing my cousin on drugs. Primarily, this series makes Christians look hypocritical and superficial. Granted, there ARE some Christians like that, but not all Christians are hypocritical, superficial, judgmental, and promiscuous, as this show strongly implies they are. Jesus saith unto His disciples, Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature." This series is doing exactly the opposite; it's spreading a bad reputation of Christians and ultimately blasphemes the Name of Jesus, our Lord and Saviour. And scenes in a bar with an extremely suggestive name? Come on, Disney! Why are you doing this? You're a FAMILY-FRIENDLY company. (Thank God, the gay thing was only IMPLIED, but I do not want to know how far ABC will go).This series is another one I will definitely NOT be watching.
This whole series is like a writer's pitch session that gotten out of control and produced without any editing. This is what I imagine how the writers put this together:Writer #1: Ok, so there's a plane being driven directly to the PRESIDENT'S HEAD...Writer #2: ...but then there's a PORTAL that sucks it a away!Writer #3: Using ALIEN technology!Writer #1: ... and the Vice President is an ALIEN...Writer #2: ... and his son is spying on the PRESIDENT's WIFE...Writer #3: And she's secretly working for the CIA...Writer #1: Which is hiding alien TECHNOLOGY from the 1960sWriter #2: ... And it's all discovered by a cool surfer dude who's vacationing in Hawaii..Writer #3: ... with an assassin who's a model in her spare time!Writer #1: Do you think we should add some vampires in the White House?I feel like I need to take Valium after each episode. Nothing makes any sense whatsoever but it's fine if you have A.D.D. or like to surf the Internet while watching television. Although nobody knows how any of the plot lines ended since it was canceled (what a shock!), I'm predicting that it's all a vivid dream of the President and he's not really the President but a soldier dying in Vietnam... and he's an alien too.
The pilot was good, but it was downhill from then on. It has turned into a soap opera what with the mediocre acting on the part of most of the actors. It's a great plot, but well....too bad about everything else.
Sorry, I like "Californication", but something happened in this season, the whole thing was a like a bad parody of itself.  Where it's possible it might have been able to suspend one's disbelief about this show before ... it is not possible any more, you just have to watch this season and try to enjoy it for the cartoon it is.Speaking of cartoons .... I bought this factory sealed and new from Amazon, and the video is absolutely horrible.  I thought I was watching this series on You-Tube ... back a few years.  The resolution was terrible and the pixelation was unendurable.  I checked the disks and they looked fine physically, so  this must have been a mastering job done by a complete incompetent.  Can anyone else comment on this ... I just really could not believe a brand new DVD set just out this year could be done so poorly.If you have to see this I don't know what to tell you, all I can do is relate my experience.  Very sorry I spent the money.
very generic, poorly constructed stereotypes. Then and now, I'll bet mobsters didn't talk like that. The cop characters absorbed beatings that would put any citizen in the hospital for weeks. A very unbelievable cartoon of Mob-life .  On the plus side the scenic design and execution with the CGI was great; Very noirish.
The story line is a bit confusing at times, but I enjoyed watching it.  It takes a while for me to get used to the British English.
This show had such promise & possibilities...UNTIL I watched it. It fell apart fast. It just fails on so many levels. Sex, drugs and Classical music... hmmm.. how novel. Clean-up the scripts, get rid of the gratuitous cussing and substitute find intelligent repartee (see Frazier for the template). I have sympathy for the cast that has to try to make something of this woeful script.
Boring, bad production values, depressing story. I  couldn't stand to watch these young women's lives being snatched away from them. Way too much blood and guts for me. Just awful.
Despite how many people dislike her, I actually like Mindy Kaling. She has a quirky enough charm to her, where she's worth watching. And unlike her Office character of Kelly Kapoor, in real life, she's actually pretty smart, despite her ditzy voice. So, all of her more real life magic and charm was expected for her breakout series, "The Mindy Project" (which came about from "Untitled Mindy Kaling Project", meaning this show really doesn't even have a real name, to it).And while Mindy's chick-flick charm, mixed in with small flashes of intelligence or competence does work here, she simply isn't enough to hold an entire show. While her best friend and Office co-star, BJ Novak is also working on this show with her, and she has some backup in the form of NBC buddy cameos, like Seth Meyers and Ed Helms, the fact of the matter is, none of the rest of the show is good: Her believability as a doctor (unless you were to get racist and assume it's because she's Indian), her insufferable and BORING supporting cast, and her premise of being an adorkable girl starring in her own self-imposed "life as a romantic comedy."The show is supposed to be a companion show to "New Girl," but at least 'New Girl' has it's niche: It's a girly comedy with enough manpower and masculinity in the form of her support cast roommates that it balances itself out for all audiences between 16 and 30. However, "The Mindy Project" doesn't have any of this, and it's only real audience seems to be girls ditzy enough to be into Kate Hudson movies, like Mindy Kaling/her character, herself. There is no real audience appeal, because not all women in their late 20's/early 30's are like Mindy, and honestly, there's no real reason for men to watch, at all. The show isn't funny enough to break any demographic barriers, either. It's mostly not funny, at all. Add in NO likable or interesting support characters, and a boring career premise with Mindy as a 'stupid, yet smart' doctor, and it's just overall lame. Even at it's BEST, it's a mediocre comedy.Mindy Kaling herself has the energy, charm, and pep to at least hold the show on her shoulders for maybe a full season, if that long, but none of the other elements of the show are really worth it. To sum it up: The show sucks and Mindy Kaling alone can't support it.
Was very disappointed. We were looking for a series we could watch w our teens. Had too much offensive material to continue.
I love the fact it introduces different art forms to children and allows for ctafts but i think it is a show older children  will enjoy(4&up)why it might lose the attention span of younger ones. I liked thw concept but i got bored wayching it.
It really feels like Moffat is squeezing everything and the kitchen sink into this part of the season. I'm interested in Clara but don't really care about the mystery surrounding her. It feels like the showrunner has lost his passion for the series and it makes me wonder if the 50th anniversary is going to be what long time fans hope. Classic Who needs more than a mention and a shove under the rug like it's getting on the show this year.
PLOT SPOILER REVIEW.This is based on a true story: Connie Stevens once read a Steinbeck novel. The beginning of the film introduces Carrie, a 10 year old girl (Rylee Fansler) whose function is to supply some needless narration. She is not a major character in the film and I kept wondering how she was going to fit into the scope of things with Grace (Tatum O'Neal).Landy (Michael Biehn) has the patience of a saint as he takes in Carrie and decides now would be a good time to get his &#34;crazy&#34; sister to come home against the wishes of the asylum. Grace causes issues, not unlike a Steinbeck novel we all know and love. The film introduces religion into the film which didn't seem to have a point, as did the film itself.The film was long and slow. It was like watching the rain come down...which we did. The adult performances were spectacular. Michael Biehn was  unrecognizable from his normal &#34;B' acting role. Tatum was Oscar worthy consideration. The girls left something to be desired. Too bad Dakota Fanning had to grow up.Overall, this was a tiresome film by Connie Stevens, who I enjoy more in front of the camera than behind.No F-bombs or nudity. Brief sex/love scene.
If I rated each episode individually it would be:Waters of mars - 5 stars  By far the best writing of all the episodes in the specials.Planet of the dead- 2 stars (although I will say that the black actor who plays the female general is absolutely superb in her performance.  Anyone know her name?)The end of time (both parts as one episode)- 3 stars.  This isn't as straight forward to rate because it has some parts that are great but for a large part they really weren't written that well.  The guy playing Donna's dad did wonderfully in his performance as always. I really love the master as a character for various reasons- just like the doctor he carries in him much pain and much joy as well (even though that joy is often from inflicting pain on others).  The defeat of the master in a previous episode was much more heartbreaking and dramatic as we saw The doctor suffer right in front of us when he once again became the last time lord.  This time it wasn't nearly as heart wrenching.  Also the saying goodbye of our beloved time lord was so drawn out (it basically started at Planet of the dead and in this episode he reminds us of the premonition every 10 minutes) that it became melodramatic.  Although the last words "I don't want to go." were beautiful and very realistic. All in all I found it dissapointing for a finale.
Robin Williams is good in this role, and it's not the first time he has balanced a bit of humor with a serious subject.  But, since I can't give it 0 stars, I give it what it deserves, because even though there is a laugh or two, in reality it is a HEAVY drama with tragic story lines.  So don't watch this expecting laughs like I did, and maybe you won't be disappointed.  It is extremely depressing, and if I had watched this while depressed, this movie would have made it much worse.And, by the way, to the reviewer who said not to leave negative feedback because the movie doesn't live up to expectations, I say this:  It is described as a COMEDY.  Not dark humor.  Not black comedy.  Not even "intelligent humor" as another reviewer said.  If I had known this movie was going to be so dark and depressing, with ONLY a laugh or two, I wouldn't have been expecting one of Robin Williams' comedies.  I'm fully aware of his amazing ability to do comedy as well as drama, but I don't like to see a "comedy" movie about suicide, accidental or otherwise. (and BTW who knows for SURE it was accidental anyway???)  There is NOTHING funny about suicide. Chances are pretty good that I would have passed it by had I known it was so dark.  And that may just be the point, right??? Make people think they are getting one of Robin Williams' comedies, which are gems, and are MUCH harder to act than the dramas.
Disappointing English language remake of the classic 1976 Spanish horror flick Who Can Kill A Child? about a young couple on vacation who land on an island that seems to be completely deserted except for some children.  Stephen King co-opted the basic premise for his famous 1977 short story Children of the Corn so what seemed pretty novel and shocking in 1976 is much less so now.  This version follows the old Spanish flick very, very closely but where the original was extremely creepy this version is hamstrung by lousy acting (from the adult leads and the children alike) and never manages to generate any suspense whatsoever.  In this film the first victim the protagonist sees killed by the children is stabbed and bludgeoned with rocks.  In the original film the first victim was hung up like a human pinata while a smiling little girl slashes at him with a scythe.  Which sounds creepier to you?  Like the 2004 version of The Manchurian Candidate this ultimately comes across as much more timid and less imaginative than the original movie it's a remake of.
Publicizing a movie is very expensive but here in the guise of honest viewer reviews, false advertising with faked praise reviews by those who have a connection with the films, it's FREE.
It seems that every child star, especially if they come from the Disney studio, feels the need to prove that they've grown up, that they're now adults, by either shedding clothing or hurling foul mouth invectives in the movies they make once they exit their teen years. If that were all it took to be an adult then pre-teens across the globe would be considered adults. Alas it seems we are destined to revisit this trend over and over again, this week presenting itself in the movie THAT AWKWARD MOMENT.The story revolves around three friends several years after their college days. Jason (Zach Efron) is the more womanizing of the three, moving from casual relationship to casual relationship with ease. Daniel (Miles Teller) is his right hand man, another carefree male on the prowl aided by his female friend Chelsea (Mackenzie Davis). Lastly is Mikey (Michael B. Jordan), the only married one of the group who opens the film being told by his wife that she wants a divorce. Adding insult to injury the man she's been having an affair with is her lawyer.In a show of camaraderie the three young men pledge to remain single together. To celebrate their oath they head out to the usual watering hole with the intent of hooking up for a night of casual sex. Mikey goes along but still reeling from his news takes things slow. Daniel, with an assist from Chelsea, finds someone for the night. And Jason winds up with a lovely young lady named Ellie (Imogene Poots) and finds himself having a better night than expected but due to a misreading of clues thinks Ellie is a hooker.Things get a bit more complicated the next morning when Jason and Daniel (co-workers for the art department at a publishing company) find that Ellie is the new representative for one of the book companies they deal with. Realizing his mistake, Jason apologizes and tries to make it up to Ellie. So much so that he soon finds himself falling in love with her in spite of the promise he made to his friend.But he's not alone. Daniel suddenly discovers that Chelsea just may be the perfect match for him as well. Their budding romance moves forward with the exception that he doesn't share it with his two friends. But neither does Mikey when he starts to get back together with his ex. All three seem to have found the perfect match at the exact wrong time.Of course in the world of movies this means that one or all three will eventually screw up the relationship and whether or not they straighten things out and end up together isn't revealed until the last few minutes of the film. Is it a happy ending? Watch to find out.The movie uses a tried and true cut out technique in the way it's written, a pattern that feels familiar to anyone who's seen a movie in the last 30 years. All the beats are there with very little new added with the exception of an overuse of the F bomb and a few uncomfortable sexual escapades that are discovered by various friends and family. I kept thinking this felt like just about every other movie about young couples in today's world and in the end that was kind of sad, not because it had been done before but because it made me wonder if this was what being single was all about in today's world. If so then it's a truly sad world out there with no hope for romance, connecting with someone or a sense of what is right or wrong.The acting by all casts members was actually pretty good here, much better than I expected. Standing out among them for me was Davis as Chelsea. Her approach to so many scenes is lighter than some of the rest and makes it more believable. While one would think this film is centered around Efron, which it is to some extent, it actually gives all the leads plenty of shared screen time which makes the story just a little more believable.Fans of Efron will certainly want to see this film, especially those who can't wait to get a glimpse of his bare behind (lots of press releases shared this photo). But the movie will also have the effect of boosting the careers of all involved. In the long run the film is forgettable at least and yet still a bit entertaining in the end. Will it hold up to repeated viewings? Doubtful. But it will offer a nice entertainment for adults.
Jr high setting.  Entertaining in a weird way but too juvinile to watch a whole series.  Reminiscent of 80s movies
I picked up this series as a huge fan of Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes.  I really liked the changes they made with a female Watson and a female Moriarty. I think his drug addiction was depicted a lot more severely than the the original, but I wrote that off as artistic license.The part that lost me has been the last season.  I appreciated this show because of the platonic relationship between Holmes and Watson. When they Introduced Mycroft, I had no real problem with him because he had no real part in the story, even though I thought the casting was TERRIBLE for Mycroft. They could have chosen someone far more appealing. Anyway, when they had the affair between Mycroft and Watson, I lost it. The ONE thing that made this show work was the TOTAL LACK of any kind of romantic or sexual relationships (between meaningful characters at least), and I found that it introduced dynamics into the show that are unsustainable. Already Watson is talking about moving out of the Brownstone, (something that never happened in the original Sherlock books). And now again is the initiation of a real relationship between her and Mycroft.  The endpoint of either one of these possibilities is dissolution of the partnership, which I believe is the one constant in any form of the Sherlock incarnations.Mad that they had to go and ruin one of the best series out there with really bad choices.
The pilot was a little frantic, jumping around more to fulfill the &#34;hook&#34; requirements of a pilot than to dig into a serious plot. The usual quick collection of characters suggests that every episode will be obligated to follow each one of them, even if some play no real part in the series' story arc for a while. This gets weary, as viewers usually can recognize the fatigue of the writer(s) as they labor to fulfill the requirements of the series bible. What concerns me more, however, is that the whole presentation is so reminiscent of that weird tradition of &#34;mysterious&#34; TV series -- namely to tantalize us for season after season without ever really going anywhere. One fears that even if it gets addictive (with gimmicks like tossing in the alien/demon/whatever at the end of S1E1), the payoff may never arrive (especially if the thing is canceled prematurely). In such cases, trying to figure out what the heck was going on turns out to be a waste of time.This may not be one of those frustrating productions, and it may have a long, interesting story to tell, but the pilot doesn't give us much to go on. There really isn't any &#34;story&#34; beyond a puzzling situation, with a surprise &#34;third element&#34; to sweeten the mystery at the end. That's why I'm afraid I'm about to be spoon fed one tidbit of revelation per episode, and the big backstory that would explain everything and make sense out of it all might not even exist. The best of this genre tell a gripping story in each episode, wrapped in a plausible and equally gripping series arc, but this one hasn't done that yet. I haven't written it off, but the pilot has me coming back almost exclusively just for &#34;what happens next.&#34; If that's all it's got to keep me coming back, then that's not enough.
The Britcom is amusing but very noisy and over-busy.  It's a farce and somewhat like the poor man's 'Noises Off.&#34;  But if the viewer is tired, he is energized by all the motion--and COmmotion in the episodes.
This is the kind of easy to access show that can be watched while half asleep and not have to worry about missing anything.The humor though seemed repetitively low. A series of one-liners can exhaust my patience as I discovered.
If this were produced, I think I'd watch it, but I wasn't all that impressed with it. I really like the United States of Tara, but this one looks just okay.
Revenge Season 1 was very good but Season 2 is getting complicated with so many characters and everyone is plotting againsteach other.  It's becoming less real.
I haven't watched the show in awhile.  I just watch the end of the year reviews.  What incredibly stupid people!  Nothing ever gets resolved.  No one changes for the better.  The most ignorant of them all, in my opinion, is Caroline Manzo.  She needs to  learn how to shut up.  I also think that, as imperfect as she may be, Teresa is the most interesting and, in spite of the "napalm" error, she is probably the most intelligent of the bunch.  I don't understand why they are all ganging up on Teresa, but perhaps it is all a set up, in which case, we are fools for watching this garbage.
I'm not quite sure what put me off but I'm leaning towards the obnoxiously self centered adult children.  The transvestite father, the unhappily married daughter reconnecting with her college lesbian lover, the idiot son, and the youngest daughter with more issues than Time.  Quite a cast of characters to work with.  Just didn't work for me.  Maybe if they humanize those insufferable adult brats.
On par with previous seasons (Season 1, Season 2, Season 3), high marks for images, video quality, surround sound, the viewerstill rooting for detective Jim Longworth for his honesty, humor, and decency. All the more jarring the last episode ending thewhole series with Jim being fatally shot by an unseen and unknown? attacker, a poor attempt at dark humor on the part of theauthors. The viewer is left cliffhanging, with many unanswered (and unanswerable) questions.
Of all the Amazon drama pilots, I expected to like &#34;The After&#34; the best. I'm a big fan of supernatural/scif-fi series, so I thought for sure I'd love this.  Considering it comes from the creator of The X Files, I went in with certain expectations.  Unfortunately, the pilot was boring and felt way too long.First off, the characters are terrible. I am familiar with some of the actors, and I know they are capable of better acting, so I blame the writers.  The dialogue is horrible---no one talks like these people.  The one exception is the character, D, who is the most likable.  Also, it feels like they were trying too hard to be &#34;edgy,&#34; with the random nudity, sexual situations, and language.The best parts were the very beginning, when we see the impact of the event on the city, and the reveal at the very end. I won't spoil it, but the creature at the end has an interesting design and I'd like to know more about what's going on.  Unfortunately, everything in between was sloppy and disappointing.I guess I would give the show another couple episodes, but at this point, &#34;The After&#34; is my least favorite of the batch of drama pilots.  My current ranking:1. Transparent2. Mozart in the Jungle3. The After*Caveat: I have not seen Bosch or The Rebels yet.
Project runway is an advertising reality TV show about fashion. The episodes are scripted as are the judges' comments and indeed all of the dialogue and drama. It exists mainly to promote fashion products with the illusion of huge prizes. It's basically a chick show abounding with fantasy.
enjoy the show, but lately show is not as interesting as on early shows.  Cal seems too much into himself and insaulting.  wish  he was a bit more human like.
As my title says, "Brake" is a mixed bag in that it generates definite interest based on the atmosphere while adding some very implausible dialogue. A young cool professional dude is trapped in a clear rectangular box while we deduce terrorists want info on the US  president.I believe a greater fear would be upon most in this situation, and although there are people who are committed to their core ethics, they would be much less defiant not knowing what kind of further evil treatment would be forced upon them. A little too movie-esque  for my taste. The film reaches into past ideas as it unravels it's true meaning which would be a spoiler here (as if some haven't done that already). The "ending/ending" was actually satisfying and broke free of the predictable endings we have seen time and again. The last 15 minutes of the film were the best and held to realism that left an impression on me. It is unfortunate that the prior one hour and fifty minutes didn't equal it.Not a bad time passer if your trapped in your own box (a motel room).
I tried to get my kids interested in this show, but it is just not happening. It just cannot grab their attention. Seems like a good production though.
The story line is good for awhile but then becomes tiresome.  Mikkelson is very good as Lecter.  Dancy is good but sometimes not convincing.  Fishburne is not at all convincing.  Anderson is robotic in her role.  The stories are meant to be reflections of evil and depravity and generally succeed.  It will be hard to maintain a series based on a new serial killer each week.  It would be better to have story arcs of 3-4 episodes.  I don't believe the series will last beyond two seasons.
It was just kind of weird. The singing audio didn't quite match the video, so it didn't look like people were really singing. None of it was very funny.
If you think you're going to see any thing proved fact or faked here, then you are mistaken. They never prove anything. All they try to do is see if they can recreate a video or picture. If they can do it, then to them it is FAKED! If they can't recreate whatever they are seeing, than to them it's still a mystery. They never say anything is FACT! They can't! They don't know still. It's always comes down to we can't recreate it and so we don't know.Then, there are times when they can recreate the picture or video and they still say oh this time we can recreate it, but we still don't know for sure whatever is still not out there. UFOs, Ghosts, Bigfoot, Witches, etc. Whatever out there, IS REALLY OUT THERE OR NOT???They really messed up the name for this show. It's Recreatable Or Not! If they never can show a fact or faked of whatever, then how can they say it's the name of the show. What I call it is more of what they ever did, then their name.If you think about it, you can recreate almost all of whatever they are seeing in a picture or video all the time. They can just keep on trying until they got it right. Usually after 3 times of failing to recreate something, they give up. But, what if, they spend more time and money? What would happen, well eventually they can do it. So, anything is recreatable if you think about it.If you just sit down and watch the show for what it is, then it's fun to watch.But, if you start thinking about what this show is trying to say or prove then it's a fail attempt every time. What they manage to do in every show, is still in fake, a fail mystery waiting to be solved.
This movie requires patience, but if you don't have it just fast forward till it looks interesting.  This is a decent thriller, but not overly thrilling.  I just couldn't get into the characters.  I watched it but I found myself fast forwarding which I don't do very often.  I think perhaps this movie needed better editing, there was to much footage of mountain scenery, parade, et cetera.  Had they trimmed there and developed the characters more it would have been better.  It doesn't take all that much to figure out what is going on, and they dragged us with all the extra footage.  There are some great scenes of them escaping the bad guys, but they needed a bad guy boss on the scene with some character.  The bad guys are okay but nothing made me think, oh those guys really scare me (see John Lithgow's great performance in Cliffhanger).  In fact I think they were made to look so cold blooded I just didn't care about them at all.  The five people on the mountain are decent, but only a couple I halfway felt I knew a little by the end.  The police that try to help are barely developed so once again they are okay.  They needed more screen time because I started to like the black cop, but didn't get time to really know him.  The girls father at the end was more interesting because you could feel his intensity.  All-in-all a pretty decent movie but it had a lot more potential had they developed more of the characters and spent less time on the surroundings. I love scenery and sets, but they don't make the movie, the actors and story do.  At this less than seven dollar price it is worth buying.Recommendations:Shoot to Kill,Cliffhanger, andThe Eiger SanctionCA Luster
This show had me hooked until the very end.  ****Spoiler Alert****I liked the characters and the mystery that was developing.  We could have waited until the end of the first season to see the devil/alien/whatever.  The creepy character that shows up at the end of the episode seems to point the series in a strange direction.  I'm not sure that I would watch more than a few more episodes of the series if it goes in the direction it looks like it's going.
Could be an interesting topic, but, like so many shows out there now, it basically just throws a bunch of meaningless sex, profanity and non-likable characters at you. Too bad - the subject matter is pretty unique and could have been developed into an interesting storyline, but I'm just so sick of everyone sleeping with everyone else and not caring...same old, same old.
I was very surprised at how much I didn't like this season. It took all the flaws I had with season 2 and the first five episodes of season 3 and put them together. Note, it'll be hard for you to undertstand my viewpoint as I don't put spoilers in my reviews usually.I found the beginning confusing as it felt like characters had advanced far in their storylines and left us behind. The season felt negative, Bo treated most of her friends like crap espically Kenzi, new characters came up out of nowhere, it felt repetitive, story archs for most characters amounted to nothing, I didn't feel for everyone as much, characters died stupidly, it was a lot harder to marathon this season and it just wasn't as fun as the others.Now there were stuff I enjoyed: I found some plots clever, I loved the eighth episode, I liked where the show took Tamsin and though I'm not a big fan of the ending it was a good way to end the season. But that's about it. Really hoping season 5 redeems this show big time.
Its not the same any more. I don't know what's wrong but I hope they fix it. This was better than last week.
I just watched the my first episode of Kitchen Impossible and Robert actually made the place worse.  If I was the owner, I would have sued him for putting the final nail in this dated restaurant's coffin.  The decor looked cheap and very unprofessional.  There is no way you can do what he attempts to do in 48 hours and in this case he proved that right.  Having said that the owner of the restaurant gets what he deserves if he trusted this guy in the first place.At least when Gordon Ramsey takes on a restaurant he gives them a professional remodel not a cheap job that will probably fall apart in less than a month.  It's just totally reckless the way they slapped this place together.  My bet is that most of it is destroyed by now.He was right about one thing.  The chairs looked disgusting.  I would not hire these two so called decorators to do the men's room in the subway.
This is supposed to be a legal drama about a class action lawsuit. But rather than lawyers, all the characters are basically gangsters on both sides of the case. Glenn Close gives an extraordinary performance and Rose Byrne does better than expected, but the story and script really let them down.At the heart of the story is basically a lifted-from-Enron case where the employees of a bankrupt company are going after its former CEO. But its a superficial resemblence because whoever wrote the script understood little about such matters.Ted Danson drags the whole piece down. Since Glenn Close is playing an evil character, Danson's character has to be played as arch-evil. Mustache twirling evil. And Danson delivers an astonishly stupid broadly drawn evil character. And he is probably close to what Danson imagines every non-Hollywood CEO to being. Danson goes out of his way to make sure that there is no possible way to have any sympathy for rich Mr. businessman. And thats really the only way for the story to work given that Glenn Close is playing a gangster.For a series about the law, there is very little "law" in it and what law it has is done unimaginatively. They never get beyond the depositions. They never follow anything like the timeline of a real case. And why not. To the main characters, law is a distraction. If lawyers spent time on legal matters, when would they have time all the gangster stuff: Hiding and killing witnesses, blackmailing the opposing lawyer, spying, stealing, witness intimidation, bribing prosecutors, containing the ambitions of the underbosses and so on. The character Glenn Close somewhat resembles is the lawyer Sean Penn played in the film "Carlito's way".One of the core problems with the Glenn Close character is that her word means nothing. Every deal she makes, she goes back on. A stand alone character can work like that. But not someone running a law firm. Any organization runs on a certain level of trust. A lawyer operating within the profession depends on a certain level of trust. If she was going to act like that, she needed in the context of the show to keep herself innocent and to preserve her image at all costs.The series would have been more interesting if it had been more realistic and if both sides in the case had been shades of grey. And to cover all the stages of a case: (1) Selling the client to take you on as a lawyer (2) figuring out a strategy(3) depositions and discovery, (4) negotiating over a settlement (5) Witness prep (5) jury selection (6) the trial.The combination of amoral gangster lawyer and ruthless crusader for justice also really doesn't work. Every time Glenn Close starts to talks about "victims", it comes across as totally false.By the end of the season, they have started walking down the sad road toward making excuses for Glenn Close's behavior. Dead baby drama in a cemetary is an incredibly cheap way to drum up sympathy.This is another of those things where the potential and most of the actors end up being greater than the script that they were given.
Honestly, if you're on a long car trip, this family will keep you entertained. Khloe is hilarious and they are always fun to watch.
I liked the performance of Michael Gambon. He is a very good actor. I liked the premise of the show, he had a home life, with a wife. What I found difficult to deal with, a British actor playing a French policeman? It would have been better on location in England. I only bought the first show, disappointed. Thanks!
Had this show aired in the 60's or 70's it may have been a hit. But, today's standards ( unless yo have been in cryostasis for a long long time) is a flop.
Well--not the best Survivor but there are plenty of entertaining elements and characters you love to hate.  The streaming was very poor quality for the first few minutes of every episode, and then phased in and out of adequate quality to so blurry I wasn't certain who the characters were.  Several times it froze and never managed to reload (I turned it off and then back on, then pushed "resume"--usually to good effect).  Streaming quality issues are not restricted to this item.  I have 15 mps DSL and have done online speed tests to confirm it.  I should be getting better quality than I have from Amazon Instant Videos.  I have a 1 GB video card and 8 GB DDR3 RAM as well as an i3 processor.
I have never been into this kind of show.  I found myself doing other things about 5 minutes into the show.  It is the only one of the pilots that i would not watch if it is made
I have to give this pilot a low grade.  This cannot hold a candle to the other Pilot programs that Amazon has out for review.Without divulging anything, we have a grown-up family. The father has an unusual perspective on his life.  The grown up children are all manipulative, and all with their unique life's' perspectives.This kind of sounds like a typical family with give-and-take between all participants.  Of course, no one should try to alter another family member's life's views.  Of course, that probably isn't what is going to be tried in future episodes.Been there.  Done that.  Bought the T-Shirt.  I think that Norman Lear's 'All In the Family' was better at this, and much more entertaining.
The first time I watched it I liked it, the second time it was less believable, and now it's on my B- list. Why can't Mickey get with the program? Come on dude, your in a different world now. You need to get some pants on, and take the headphones off!
I think that the show was nice  but it had no educational value. Young kids in school need to grow up in the real world and not a fairytale one. It would be okay for younger kids that's not in school as long as their parents tell them that it's all make believe. Sometime it's good to make believe as long as you know that's what you're doing. Good luck.
Well, firstly I like a lot of the actors and actresses in this show.  Ted grates on my nerves at times, but that's the fault of the whiney part they have him playing, not the actor himself.And Barney.... I liked the actor in Dougie Howser, and the White Castle movie.. .and, well, his character started out as reprehensible and went down hill from there.I think that's a common thread with all these characters, over the years they have gone from pretty funny, to some sort of twisted characterization (sp?) of what they were initially.Couple that with the whole premise, which to me implied &#34;Just wait til you meet his wife, she will be (wait for it)  AWESOME&#34;.The actress that they got to portray Ted's wife did an excellent job in my opinion, BUT (Stop here if you haven't seen the series finale).Spoilers....It's like they decided &#34;yup, time to end the series, let's throw the audience a bone, give them the mother, then kill her off post haste so Ted can possibly get back together with Robin....&#34;, Who, has been with the majority of New York by the end of the series.  Sort of like going out and intentionally buying used tires that you know are retreaded for your car.I thought the end cheapened Barney, Robin and what I had hoped for as a redemption in his character at least.  And the whole &#34;Yeah, slept with 31 women in one month, oopsie, got the last one preggers....&#34;  (what did he do wear a hole through his condom?And TED, after all the crap he went through, they couldn't bear to give him a happily ever after &#34;Well, he met the love of his life, that last for a couple of years, back out there now...&#34;Yeah, that sort of thing happens in real life (lost my wife a few years ago), but this was pegged as a romantic comedy.3 Stars just because previous years have been entertaining.I actually stopped watching this around season 6 - 7 when it looked like Robin was starting to bounce through the second round of the same guys and none of the other plot points interested me.Went back for Season 8, fast tracked through most of it, just to get a consistent feel for the finale.Never will get that time back.First few seasons, I thought entertaining, downhill slide from there, still one of the better things that was on TV at the time.
I didn't expect this show to be historically accurate. As a soap opera, it moves along quickly but the theme of young love vs. adult greed and avarice runs all through the theme. You almost need a program to keep track of all the plotting going on.
Pitiful, juvenile attempt at satire of cable news.  There are REAL cable news networks that are funnier and more entertaining...writing is very poor and acting is worse.
A great disappointment, the characters were uninteresting and the shows basically cheap duplications of the original show Primeval which ran on BBC. I cannot in good conscious recommend this show to any one, mercifully it's run was short.
Season 2 just ends in the middle of the season leaving the viewer with a HBO Soprano's ending.  Purchased a prime membership so the family could have a movie night. Thinking about going to Netflix it is only 1 cent more and has CC for the hearing disabled.  Like many Amazon rebroadcast television seasons are not CC or have a few of the episodes that are CC and  the rest are not in the same series. So if a member of your family can not hear or has trouble hearing Netflix or Hulu might be a better option since Amazon carries little selection for the hearing disabled. Called Amazon customer support about CC their programming :i.e. Jericho , Falling sky, etc., waste of time.
The cast is believable, the acting is excellent.  I dislike the easy hook-up culture portrayed.  As an observant Jewish woman, I'm dismayed at the casual sex.  I do like the relationships, and generally that Mindy is kind, funny, assertive.  I do think she sets herself up for being hurt by asking that midwife, for example, to 'hookup' with her.
It was a disappointment. I gave it a few episodes to get into it, but it didn't get any better.
THE MOVIE WAS NOT WHAT I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE. TO ME IT WAS MORE  A LOVE STORY.  THERE WAS SOME INTERSTING SIGHTS. BUT ALL IN ALL NOT MY KNID OF A MOVIE.
one of the worst movies of all the time...terrible movie..who wrote this movie??? the director must be shooooot himself...this is a low cheap budget movie terrible...stay away...
I admit to watching it over the years, but it has hit an all time low.  Ramona's behavior is oddd and we are tired of it.  You should have kept some of the other women versus her when you made firings.
Season 1 was rather mediocre, but still watchable.  Season 2 is just plain dumb.  Nothing is holding my interest any more and I've watched my last episode.
I watched this short video out of shear boredom one weekend and found that, though not a great film, it was sort of interesting. Yes, it does have sort of a Firefly vibe, at least as far as the setting (old scrungy spaceship). The central characters were fairly well acted, though some of the supporting actors were wooden and lifeless. Other reviewers have raved about the surprise at the end. Maybe I just watch/read too much SF because I guessed what was coming in the first 5 minutes, but don't let that ruin your enjoyment. Enigma is worth a free viewing on a rainy weekend.
Although ther were many good things about this movie, the story felt incomplete. No backstory to the main character, and the action was a little to subdued.
How many sports programs can you say are successful? EXACTLY!!! &#34;YPB&#34;  It's your problem bro, as the character says in the show! Monkeys and cocaine taking left overs from the Hang-over franchise is real sad! Natalie is kind of hot right now, this show is not the get ahead for her! Are Amazon's viewers sports fans, enough to carry a whole season?
The first season was quite good, but the second season is a downward spiral which just rehashes much of the material from the 1st season. Honestly, I didn't quite make it all the way the 2nd season (two shows short). Too many of the same people, too much of the same low budget graphics, too little new material. Frankly I'm surprised that this show could possibly survive beyond a third season; yet, surprisingly it's made it all the way to season 5. The personalities interviewed are bubbling over with personality, but the logic of their arguments often lacks... Logic. An O.k. show for one or two episodes, but I totally lost interest after season two.
My boyfriend and I watched this last night, because it was under the paranormal section, and it had fairly good reviews on some horror websites (not great reviews, but decent). It picked up a little slowly, but we decided to give it a chance. The dialogue was poor, but we've both seen worse. Once the characters arrived at their destination in the woods, it still still tough to figure out what they were doing there. They looked like summer camp counselors at first. After the first - I'll call it an EVENT - happened, it was pretty apparent what the real plot of the movie was, and it became less of a horror movie to us. Even still, it was worth watching on Amazon Prime as it was somewhat entertaining and we didn't care if we fell asleep or not.
I'm tempted to give this thing a better review than it deserves because it has a good actor in the lead and there are very few westerns made these days. But I think the best this film rises to is "ok". Its not good or bad. Its just ok.Sam Shepard plays a Butch Cassidy who survives in south america into old age. There are flashbacks along the way covering how things went in Bolivia. The film quickly turns into an outlaws on the run western. And as that, its not bad. Everything seems to have been done on a tight budget but they did good with what they had.What the film is missing is any sort of big action scene. Its all little stuff. Its a movie about outlaws where there are no robberies on screen. There is a detective character in the film who has been chasing Cassidy for years. But his character is underdeveloped.The flashback covering what happened to the Sundance Kid is pointlessly disturbing. Its not what most people want to see in a western.And the films attempt to create a moral (really political) distinction between "good" crime and "bad" crime falls really flat.The films greatest flaw is the lack of an ending. Its as if they ran out of money and just stopped everything one day. The film just stops dead and the credits start. Anything would have been better than what they did.It is a nice looking film. The got the look, feel and ground features of Bolivia sort-of right. It didn't end up looking like a generic nowhere western location. Sam Shepard's performance was good but limited by the script and the acting ability of those he was working with. Shepard needed someone else to play off in the film. He ended up carrying most of it by himself.Not great or good. But Ok.
it seems they are more interested creating a serial like drama than any semblance of an accurate historical tale. another complaint would be that 50 percent of the time you are left looking at a black screen. i guess you save a lot of money on setting, make-up, costumes and so on, but really is not amusing to watch.
This show is so bad I gave up half way through the pilot.  It is illogical and foolish. Don't waste your time and Amazon should not waste their money to make this disaster.
BOSCH is a great series of book which huge TV potential, but this pilot does the character no justice.BOSCH is set in Los Angeles with wonderful and picturesque settings but in this pilot the actor's overall demeanor and lack of personality quickly diminishes the entire show into a flashback detective caught in today's world.The cliffhanger was actually the best part of the entire show but it was definitely too late.I was so excited to hear this pilot was being done but the result was less than apealing. overall great books poor pilot attempt.
Might be well made but I did not care for the storyline at all. It just didn't seem to go anywhere other than &#34;day in the life&#34; meanderings of artsy New Yorkers.
This show is ok but not so compelling that I wanted to watch another episode even for free.  Not sure if it was the actors, the writing, or a combination of the two, but it felt stilted.  Sometimes pretty is not enough and that goes for both genders.
After watching a different (and better) version of this play, I was excited to see additional episodes listed on Amazon.  I watched about 10 minutes of this Season 3 and was very disappointed.  I was hoping this was a continuation of the TV series seen on Amazon.  What I saw previously on Amazon were two series of a television show.  This version of the show is a series of plays.  It is not the same at all.  This is just my taste.  If you love plays, then you will probably like this.  There are many more season on this version.  The TV version, sadly, only has two season.Both versions are available on Amazon online free of charge.
The series is beautifully produced and well-acted. But the grisly focus is creepy and offensive. It's just porn in a pretty package.
You may like it or just hate it. Whatever your reaction to "Take This Waltz" may be, you will admit one thing: three-time Oscar nominee Michelle Williams's great acting skills. It seems she has been doing "serious" movies these days - remember she was in a comedy "Dick"? - and "Take This Waltz" is no exception, a romantic story with serious themes including boredom in marriage and life. That's fine with me, but as to Sarah Polley's sophomore effort as director, I think something is not right with the film. Or, in short, I was not convinced.Michelle Williams is Margot, a happily married woman writing for travel brochures. Her husband is Lou (Seth Rogen) writing a book about chicken recipes. While travelling abroad, Margot meets Daniel (Luke Kirby), an aspiring young artist, who happens to be living across the street. Now you know the rest of the story.Michelle Williams's emotional acting, in itself impeccable, is somewhat at odds with Sarah Polley's direction that tends to be too smart. Some of the dialogues and scenes are self-conscious of their importance, attempting so hard to serve as a metaphor or a clue as to what is going on in and around the characters, such as Margot's remarks about being "afraid of plane connections" or Daniel's muscular body when driving a rickshaw. In one scene the camera keeps going around two characters in a room, symbolizing the lapse of time (and perhaps their inability to move on). Some people would find these things thoughtful and intelligent. I think they are just pretentious.I see the point the director is trying to make, but in spite of (or perhaps because of) the stunning performances from Michelle Williams (the opening sequence alone is enough to prove her talent), the film looks artificial and unnatural. The film is often very emotional, to be sure, but the emotions come from her superb acting.Some films are called a "character study." "Take This Waltz" is a study of emotion, and as such it is fascinating, perfectly capturing various phases of love. Strip away the veneer of emotions, however, and what you get is an oft-told story centering on one-dimensional characters set in implausible situations.
I loved him in Bostan Legal, so this was a little bit of a disappointment. But still not a bad show to watch.
So we have two skyscrapers and this sympathetic woman gets on the elevator in one of them.  We know she isn't going to go very far, especially after the clown gets on with her.Now we have a series of &#34;escapes&#34;.  Out into an apocalyptic world.  But of course the vehicle they get into can get through the snarl.  And they end up in a mansion owned by a diabetic elderly woman.So of course we know the aliens are going to come.  Not the ones who blow up towers, but the ones that land from space.  Or crawl out of the ground.  We have a creature that walks on all fours belly up.  Something we've seen before.We've seen all of this before.  And have little need to see any of it again.
It has an interesting premise, and Tambor is very good, but the adult children are all so self-centered and unlikable that I can't imagine wanting to spend much time with them. Two other observations: This is labeled a &#34;comedy,&#34; but the pilot was 99 percent drama, one percent humor. Also, there's a lot of nudity, but I can't recall the last time I saw so many attractive, naked young actors photographed in such an unflattering manner.
I really tried to like this show, but the storyline did not grab me. the actors are good, but not great.
Deep beneath the Australian Outback lies Area 52, a secret research facility that the government doesn't want you to know about. Here, experiments in human biomechanics have unleashed the ultimate weapon... And one that Australia's top special forces agents will be unprepared to face as they enter the facility on a seek and destroy mission! CRAWLSPACE attempts to combine CUBE's suffocating mood with the psychological terror of PATRICK or THE SENDER, although it falls short in either department. Writer/Director Justin Dix relies far too heavily on a twist ending which has been blatantly broadcast from very early on. This makes for very little suspense and minimal guesswork as the audience wades through an all-too-familiar plot and predictable characters. CRAWLSPACE does come through with a few commendable moments of supreme tension as the characters face their darkest fears within the close confines of the tunnels, but these are short-lived. The added gore, claustrophobic sets, and winning make-up designs do work to the film's advantage as well, however. With a stronger character base and a greater exploration of the villain's near-limitless powers, CRAWLSPACE may have had more room to succeed, but it becomes easily trapped by its own narrow aspirations.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
This Movie was entertaining with good twists and turns the actors and actresses seemed very good together. easy to Watch to the End
Exceptional thrillers have a great way of taking control of an audience's ability to generate its own adrenaline and then hit the gas pedal.  The Fox TV series "24" did this to very solid acclaim through most of its run on the small screen, and films like DIE HARD and even the BACK TO THE FUTURE trilogy make use of the popular `race against time' formula.  The ticking clock scenario also presents actors with a unique challenge to take the viewers along with them for the wild ride, knowing that every second counts when any timepiece is winding down to `zero.'For all of its merits (and there are plenty, including a solid central performance by Stephen Dorff), BRAKE comes off as more than just a bit convoluted.  The story?  Jeremy Raines (Dorff), a secret service agent, wakes up trapped inside a sealed glass box located inside the trunk of a vehicle.  He has absolutely no idea of how he got there - the script only provides a few hints as to his activities beyond the events of this film (sorry, folks, but I found that a BIG weakness).  However, the box is outfitted with a few attachments - an LED clock counting down, an air supply, a cell-phone-type device, an old CB radio - and he's soon informed by his captors that unless he'll divulge the physical address of `Roulette' that they'll kill him and his young wife.  What is `Roulette'?  It's the bunker location that would hold the President of the United States (POTUS) and the Vice-President in the event of a terrorist attack.  Raines spends the next hour trapped inside the box while being subjected to all kinds of torture, all the while trying to make contact with the outside world to let them know that he's been caught and being held by suspected terrorists.It's a suspenseful tale that works as a thriller mostly because of Dorff's work.  In fact, most of the problems involve a script that lacks any real narrative center.  (It's difficult to discuss without spoiling the surprise ending, so I'll have to leave it at that.)  Suffice it to say that, as an agent, Dorff uses his smarts to try to affect an escape ... but he never uses his smarts well enough to deduce what's really going on here.  Part of that is because of the story taking place in the outside world - he's led to believe that there's a series of smaller attacks unfolding against Washington DC - but, were that the case, why weren't all of the folks he contacts through the CB radio equally as concerned?  There are a few other creative missteps that involve Raines' unique medical condition - certainly if the terrorists knew as much as they suggest they know about the agent's background - why would they have chosen one unique form of torture (you'll have to watch it to understand that point)?Still, BRAKE works as a thriller, and I tend to give it a pass on that level alone.  There's a nice dabbling of conspiracy backed with some interesting political developments in there to keep an audience's interest.  While it may not succeed on every level, it certainly presents a viscerally claustrophic thrill-ride so long as you can endure it for 90 minutes.  It was fun to see how it all worked (or tried to work), and, despite a few flawed choices in the script, it delivers enough entertainment to be a solid guilty pleasure.  I'll probably never spin it in the DVD player again, but, as a one-off flick?  I had enough fun with it to give it a confident three stars.BRAKE was produced by Walking West Entertainment and Costa Productions, La.  DVD distribution is being handled through the MPI Media Group.  The disc looks and sounds exceptional; pay particularly close attention to the skillful layering of the audio track as some of the hints/clues that are dropped happen so quickly they might escape your attention.  The disc comes with a making-of featurette, a music video, and the theatrical trailer (though I'd encourage you to NOT watch the trailer before you watch the motion picture IF you prefer your films completely unspoiled as there are a few spoilers in there for the whiz-bang twist of an ending).  It's an affable collection, nothing great, for a film that'll have limited audience appeal.RECOMMENDED.  While it may not enter the history books as the greatest film ever, BRAKE works as a serviceable thriller for a post-9/11 world.  Sure, some parts of it may seem very far-fetched, but, like any good episode of THE TWILIGHT ZONE, it's the type of film that you'll watch differently if you spin it again.  Maybe a second or third time through you'll catch a few scenes that slipped by completely unnoticed the first time, if you're so inclined to give it another pass.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at IFC Films and MPI Home Video provided me with a DVD screener copy of BRAKE by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
This pains me, since there is something within this film that is so amazing I feel it needs to be regarded as such, but three stars, while not awful, is certainly telling to the quality of this film as a whole.Does that make sense?First, the movie.  The film follows the true story (as much can be true in a film `inspired' by real events) of David Marks, a troubled young man looking for ways to rebel against a family that controls his every move (subconsciously, which is the best way).  When David meets and falls for Katie, it seems as though his life may start to iron out.  He walks away from his father `real estate' clutches and ventures off into a life all his own with Katie, but darkness erodes all happiness when David allows his father's manipulations to reel him back to New York, back into life in the Marks' family.  All tumbles downhill, rather rapidly, when familial tendencies begin to separate David and Katie until, one day, Katie disappears.For me, it is this point of the film where things start to just derail.  I understand the whole `inspired by real events' angle, and so I encourage even the bizarre, but the `made for TV' way in which the films later scenes are shot take away from the terror one should feel and actually gives this film a `Lifetime' movie feeling.The film does a 180, from decently engrossing thriller to complete disaster.So, this leaves one thing to be discussed...the very reason for which the films first half is so stellar; Kirsten Dunst.  I recently wrote an entry for my blog about the amazingness that was Kirsten Dunst in this film, and so I'm just going to quote that here (slightly doctored to reflect this review and not the article I initially wrote)."Then we have Kirsten Dunst, who just marvels with all sorts of layered emotional relevance in `All Good Things'.  Talk about a brilliant performance in a really bad film.  Kirsten plays Katie Marks, a real person (come on Oscar, why aren't you biting) who disappeared, `allegedly' at the hands of her deranged husband.  The one thing that Dunst's character, and performance, has (in spades) is serious emotional collapse.  One blogger mentioned that you could see Kirsten visibly age as she uncovers the truth about her husband.  I totally concur with this explanation of her devastatingly real performance.  As she slowly uncovers realities surrounding the family she's married into, you can see a hollowness erode her beautiful features.  She remains human despite the dramatic overtones (she never resorts to Hollywood's overtly obvious understanding of melodramatic `emoting') and delivers a quietly natural performance.  When she does unleash her suffering, it is with haunting desperation.  She completely collapses within her character's knowledge.  It's just a shame the film collapses the moment she leaves it."Yeah, that pretty much sums it all up.  She acts circles around the rest of the cast, including Ryan Gosling, who suffers from poor character development (the script seems to skeletal when all is said and done) and really bad makeup.  I wish I could say skip the film, but you need to at least watch the films first half.  The moment Dunst leaves the scene though, you can take your exit as well.  The film just can't recover from such a tragic loss.
Was a decent watch. Was put together better than I thought it would be. Wasn't really low budget. Seemed like they put money into the show. Had a decent cast.
Love the show; Hate some of the content.  I'd give the show at least four stars if it wasn't for G** D*** said in several of the later episodes and Toby having a lesbian kiss in episode 7 &#34;Babes in the Woods&#34;.  The language and sexuality were unnecessary to the story and were gratuitous to the plotline.
characters are not written very well. it can be boring at times. The 3 siblings are not likable, we don't care about them. We have more empathy with the father. I don't think the show is headed in the right direction, it needs to create more emotional appeal to the audience. I feel like it's a forced decision to make the father dress up like a woman
Where is the show going when their are characters you would see on the A team as the evil bad guy? I watched every episode up to 10, now I am notsure if I will watch anymore. It was too "Con Air" meets "Batman and Robin" for me to handle.
I had very mixed feelings about what I've seen of Blacklist so far.  Blacklist has rightly been compared to Silence of the Lambs and that is certainly true, although Blacklist falls far short of that movie on every front.  The problem is that the entire setup is patently absurd with Spader playing the FBI like some kind of psychic chess board and winning, of course, at every turn.  This is perhaps Spader's best work, but unfortunately there are no other actors able to match his all-out know-it-all having a good time making you all look like fools intensity.  In Silence of the Lambs, for example, there was a logical reason for the Jodie Foster character to seek out Hannibal Lecter.  The situation is reversed in Blacklist with Reddington seeking out the Keen character for reasons unknown (which I'm sure will be ultimately revealed if the series survives).  In spite of the entire situation being unbelievable and the lack of actors or script unable to compel the actors to appear in any way equal to the Spader character, I may be returning to watch it from time to time.  But The Blacklist contains too much absurdity to cause me to give up much of my time to it.
As a black woman, I can't seem to remember my parents smiling, singing or dancing during Jim Crow. and I don't see myself buying this product. Sometimes I wish companies like Amazon would really think before they willingly pickup and sell some things. But this is America and Amazon has to find its own morals.
Season 3 introduces a brand new dynamic.  It's the season where people start questioning their loyalty to Emily, including those who once had her back in previous seasons.  Though it is an interesting twist I think there is way too much of it this season.  To the point where the show is becoming depressing.  Our heroine is being attacked and plotted against from all corners which is hard to watch.  Jack, Aiden, Nolan, Danielle and even Charlotte all have it in for Emily at some point in the season.  I do still watch the show, however make no mistake- season 1 is still unfortunately the best season out of the 3.
Why do I give it 3 stars?It's a very well made movie, don't get me wrong and acting was good, the set looked good too, the plot wasn't bad in fact and humans were depicted in it's best (it's worst), when money decide lives of animals and people. So why 3 stars, you ask? Because first it got me really confused when they showed am extinct species and then they shot them. ''-Hey it's the last animal of these species on Earth. -Ah, let's just kill it.'' I really was buffled, because I couldn't tell whether it was a real animal (main animal of the movie) or not. I don't care what they say in titles, I bet it isn't always true. But that is one. I am against killing animals in any shapes or forms with any kind of behavior or level of danger. That is two. And finally, what good of an ending does it have? It doesn't have a good ending! What does this ending mean? That a man judged an animal and how it lived and on that judgement thought it was better off dead. Well thank you very much, but a positive ending would do much better not just to a movie itself but also to people who watch it. Let's face it, some people learn more from the movies. So why not? Is it easier to believe in bad things happening in the end because they seem more real? Is it so hard to believe in good things? This is precisely why humanity is so screwed up in general! The movie did nothing to change things it just showed all the dark poop our ancestors got us into. I bet these animals were amazing. If any of these species would still exist I would take part in helping them, but thanks to the movie it just motivated more people into killing them. It doesn't matter whether out of good (like in this movie, it was supposed to be good to kill the last animal of 'that' kind) or bad motives (money).
We watched the entire first season because we like the premise and Kevin Bacon .... but somehow the show does not add up to the sum of its parts.Instead of serious and threatening, it comes across as repetitive and annoying after awhile.What is &#34;off&#34; with the show ?We think we have identified what keeps us from liking it more .......... it seems the show just &#34;churns&#34; without going anywhere.By that I mean every episode is basically the same .1) Crazed Killers commit a crime then taunt Kevin Bacon's character2) Kevin Bacon avoids back up and goes alone to investigate3) The bad guys get the upper hand on Bacon, but don't kill him just to prove they are superior.4) Police show up and threaten to kick Bacon off case for being a lone wolf.5) Jim Carroll (main bad guy) pops up again (his superhuman invincibility makes for an annoying and borderline over the top unbelievable bad guy in this series)6) Episode ends with Bacon unable to give successful pursuit.Next episode  = go to step 1 above and repeat patternNext episode = go to step 1 and repeat pattern againetc...etc...etc....When you stop and think about the whole series, you realize the whole show was simply an endless repetitive loop of ...Good guy chases bad guy ------- Good guy corners bad guy ---- Bad Guy Escapes -------Good guy chases bad guy ------- Good guy corners bad guy ---- Bad Guy Escapes-----Good guy chases bad guy ------- Good guy corners bad guy ---- Bad Guy Escapes-----Good guy chases bad guy ------- Good guy corners bad guy ---- Bad Guy Escapes --- etc ....After awhile what should be tense and suspenseful just becomes annoying and irritating.
The show hasn't quite found it's groove yet but I hope it will be renewed for a second season.Every move Kevin Bacon makes as an actor is interesting.
Or doe these teenagers get on your nerves, especially the asian guy.  Oh well, I've committed to it now. may as well watch it all.
One of the many, many, far too many spin-offs of the Blair Witch Boondoggle!  This one starts out better and with more good moments of human interest.  But, and this is where the film school crap takes over: just turns into a bloody gorefest with no plot, meaning, conclusion or plot to make it into a cogent whole with a real plausible story-line.  Next, I suppose will be the take-off on teh Todd Sees case which has so many nuances, that it would make a great movie if handled right!
My main reason for this opinion is there simply isn't enough meat for a serial drama. As it stands, the story could be fleshed out into a two feature and successfully tell the entire family's story.
The basic argument of the film is that humans have been eating meat and plants for millions of years and our genetics haven't caught up with the relatively recent introduction of grains, starches and processed sugars and foods. It argues that humans were never herbivores since we need B12 to survive and this is only attainable from animal meat. There are plenty of proponents of this diet who provide evidence to support their point of view - pretty much none of it is in this documentary.This is a paleo diet promo and I'd recommend it if you've been watchingForks Over Knivesand similar documentaries to learn about dietary alternatives, only if it reinforces much of what those documentaries say. I couldn't honestly tell you if paleo or vegan is the way to go but there are clearly significant benefits to eliminating processed foods and increasing the amount of fresh food in your diet. The significant difference between the two diets is that vegan won't allow anything that comes from an animal and paleo won't allow anything that caveman couldn't find in the forest.In terms of this film, my major criticisms are that the production standards are pretty low and it's weak on providing supporting evidence. It has endless distracting graphics and animations that add nothing whatsoever and the main interviewer really wasn't the best guy to pick for the job. The vegan documentaries I've seen have been much more diligent in presenting their case. So paleo or vegan, it's your decision. I'd still recommend looking at all the literature with an open mind but this could have been a much better documentary about paleo.
Mary Queen of Scotts has been depicted as a religious figure whose reign was filled with intolerance towards protestants realized through persecution and death.  This series depicted Mary quite differently.  She was vibrant, strong headed and strong minded, and she acted without fear.  Her soft side was emphasized in this series and it gave the possibility that history has been more cruel in defining her than true.  The play between characters with the King of France whose political ambitions and stake in the future of his realm were clear was excellent.  Good acting by all parties.  The Medici family influence was also intriguing and played out through the Queen of France as she was not only caught in the political throws of the times but played a significant role in these as well with the Medici family.Well worth seeing.
The show has:1. Poor acting for some individuals in the show.2. Very an usual reactions for some characters toward some events (not the mysterious characters)3. Slow reactions corresponding events, again for some characters in the story.4. Good directing for the show.5. Very beautiful CGI effects.In overall:The show has a potential. It could be enjoyable if you like social/drama shows.&#34;The dome&#34; is a supporting element and the main element is suppose to be the actions of people who are &#34;trapped&#34; under the dome.Note:I didn't read the novel by Stephen King about this event.
This only superficially has any resemblance to the real life experiences in the software industry.  This is a very fantastical script.  It's like they didn't use one technical consultant.  But, being as betas is produced by Amazon, that is unlikely.  So, betas must have been deliberately dumbed-down and hipsterized for some reason.  Smells like the writers are trying way way way too hard to be hip and trendy.  betas is total fantasy.
I couldn't get into this and I love Judi Dench. I'll give it another try and rating. When I started watching it I may have wanted something that grabbed me from the start and it fell short.
A qroup of observers (an audience, if you will) are invited to a remote location to watch something amazing. They are then given an introduction at this place that says that things happen for "No Reason," and are handed some binoculars. Afterward, they stand and watch as a tire comes to life, explorers its surroundings, and learns that it can kill with "psychokenetic abilities." This is supposed to go on for a time, but things get out of hand and it keeps on going on.When Rubber first hit the marketing trail, all i knew was that it was about a tire and that Mr. Oizo was behind it (check out their music, Attack of the Analog Worms). I looked up the music and saw this confirmed, and decided to do a little exploring. Since Analog Worms and that video that came with it, I have always laufghed at then so, i figured, what could be the harm?Before answering anything about the movie, I think I should really note that this is not for everyone but might be for more people than you know right off the cuff. I say that because I really would not have gone for a tire rolling around and killing each other, but this is more than that. It has pieces of an odd plot that make it more like an experiement, and the humor isn't just a tire on the loose.If it were, it would bore people quickly.The tire itself, coupled with the music, has an odd way about it. You could almost say it was alive when it does its burst and attacks specific things, and this seems funny. It is also funny to see the tire and the way it explores, basically playing king of the road with anything in its path. It likes to stomp and, not being able to, it steps it up. The tire is one element, too, but the way it plays out would have either sunk or allowed the movie to swim. Thank goodness the swimming pool wasn't the early out it mentioned.The plot was something that got a little deeper, too, and played a lot of jokes. The "No Reason" guy is funny and so are the audience, and the people that play victims are sometimes funny. a lot of things hapen because of actions here, especially where the tire is concerned, and some of that is funny. Combine that with the police and the randomly-exploding heads and you have something interesting.I gave this a 3/5, and I think some will like it. It has a lot of blood, humor, the tire, and some other bits. It has a silly/funny factor to it, and the explanation is thin. Still, it is something many might like, depending.
No! Watched 30 minutes and turned it off. Too edgy, gross, and dragy. Too many other good shows to fall for this one.
There are too many taboos being broken in 30 minutes to have time to bond to the people so it's just dirty fluff.
There are some series that need canceling: This was one of them. Could have been maybe ten episodes; not twenty-two. Without a better story line, all this series was, one season. Sort of a &#34;24&#34; type series. but with just ten episodes.
This show is unwatchable and horribly acted. It is also extremely boring and not funny in the slightest. Don't waste your money on this crap.
This show is promising. In its present rendition, it comes in more like 3.5 stars but with some added punch and oomph to its storyline, it could climb to 4 stars.The premise is that Hank, an excellent emergency room doctor, ends up employed as a concierge doctor in the Hamptons. He pays house calls in emergency situations, usually to people who do not want the publicity of checking into a hospital.Hank's brother, an accountant, manages him. His brother is far more into the Hampton's lifestyle than Hank himself is. He is more comic than Hank because he is always sticking his foot into it.The most interesting aspect of the show so far is the medical one. Each week some new case presents itself and Hank must fix the patient under less than ideal circumstances. It is interesting to me that some people are more interested in how they might appear in gossip columns than in saving their lives in emergency situations.So far this show is still developing itself and which characters to keep. The only two keepers so far are Hank and his brother.
This totally lacks the fun of the first movie. The second movie really strained the concept and was also not as good as the first, but it was much better than this one. It has some great cameos but they are very poorly done. If you love the Hatchet movies, watch it, but don't expect much. They need to either find their original creative and fun spark, or STOP, PLEASE!
I liked the characters they carried me through until the final surprising conclusion revealing that the apocalypse what's the transition apparently into an alternate universe.. Clearly any future episodes will be run by a whole set of different rules considering the abilities of the creature that they show. Which may indicate that the the characters will have to learn new ways to deal with these creatures. I'm guessing you're assuming the creature will probably join them and teach them about what's going on with the transition.in any case out of the 5 that have been presented so far I like this one the best!
I didn't like the subject.I didn't care for the characters.I like Jeffrey Tambor and Judith Light, but there talent is wasted in this show.If more shows are made, I will not be watching them.
Being a devoted follower of Michael Connelly's Harry Bosch series of novels, I approached this pilot with caution.  On the plus side, Connelly himself was involved in the adaptation as both a producer and co-writer, so I assumed it wasn't going to be as much of a travesty as, say, Tom Cruise's incarnation as JACK REACHER (Lee Child actually endorsed that one and did a cameo - go figure). The production values are decent, and Titus Welliver is, aside from the ridiculous sideburns, passable as Bosch.  I just prefer a little more charisma.  35 years ago, actors like Gene Hackman or Roy Scheider would have nailed the role in their sleep.  Beyond Welliver (and Scott Wilson in a small role), I have issues with the casting.  Jamie Hector totally fails to register as easy-going partner Jerry Edgar.  Anne Wersching, who was so magnetic on 24, is made up to look like Whistler's Mother when she first appears as beautiful rookie Julie Brasher, and hardly improves as the show progresses.  And I simply cannot buy Lance Reddick as Irvin Irving, Bosch's devious superior-cum-nemesis.  On top of all that, I found the direction listless.  The crucial shooting incident that lands Bosch in court was so indifferently staged that I was tempted to stop watching were it not for loyalty to the source material.  So, if this goes to series, I might check it out to see if it gets better, but it's definitely not on my must-watch list.
Stupid, I did not understand the movie at all. I think it's was not watching, but it's up to you. Hope you understand it.
08/28/2013 UPDATE- last night's episode was yet more proof that this show is really just derailed. According to the newest installment, it makes perfect sense that Auggie was actually a CIA operative FIRST in 2006, THEN joined the military, where he was blinded in 2007, and then went back to the CIA. Yeahhhhh, that's definitely a totally believable career progression. I mean, at this rate, the details of this season border on sci-fi. And Piper Perabo's acting is getting more and more stilted, making you think that she's planning her own exit or bored to tears with the script. RIDICULOUS.=============================================================================================================================ORIGINAL REVIEW:I've been watching this show from the beginning, and was already a little apprehensive about the somewhat predictably lame season 3 ending of Auggie and Annie falling into bed together (SNORE!). But I was completely unprepared for just how BAD this season would be. Not only does their relationship take center stage - right along with little inserts of the crumpled, limping relationship between Arthur and Joan who, surprise surprise, TV once again manages to produce a miracle and makes her pregnant at whatever age she's supposed to be (the actress herself being 43).I'm not sure what's worse in the show so far: the incredibly AWFUL, bad, awkward relationship between Auggie and Annie - replete with some of the worst cliches and stale lines you remember from bad 70s and 80s movies - that's so embarrassingly bad that you're variously wondering how the acting in a show can get WORSE with continuing seasons whent the actors should now be firmly entrenched in their characters, or think that it's as awkward as watching a real life brother-sister team fake a romantic relationship (yuck). Yes, it's THAT bad.And while there are the occasional moments when the show briefly returns to its former gusto, the thrills and suspense of previous seasons are few and far between. Mostly you witness Piper Perabo acting like she just got off the bus in Hollywood yesterday (and, let's face it, she's come a long way since Coyote Ugly) - and one can only hope that real spies have better skills than her because when you see scenes where she strolls around like Bambi, blissfully unaware of all the DANGERS!! around her, always waiting for some guy to rescue her...it's so groan-worthy that you just want to throw a well-heeled shoe at the tv and yell MAKE THEM STOP!All of those things just seem to be distractions from a lack of well-written storylines that initially drew me - and presumably others - to this show, which now stumbles clumsily from one eye-roll-inducing scene to the next.The show seems to have become a really tragic hybrid between a bad episode of Law & Order and a day-time soap - if it wasn't for the fact that I've got cable and the other shows I enjoy watching are on hiatus until the fall, I wouldn't be giving this the time of day at all anymore. I keep hoping that it'll get better, but so far it's just one bad episode after the next.
Ya this movie started off ok but then slowly declined into a crappy horror movie with some music thrown in. Pretty much the same songs are  just used over and over again throughout the movie and are not clever at all. Acting is ok but nothing special. The killer was kinda cool but even that annoying after awhile. I wouldn't recommend this at all.
My daughter keeps asking to watch season 1 again even though we have season 2....not sure what that's about. The writing seems as vapid as usual to me. Whatever....
nothing really too special ...but it is rather etertaining.....wouldnt buy it but its included in prime so i watch from time to time
Not too funny to me, but my daughter lines Tosh .not sure what else to say here. Amazon is smazing.
V/H/S 2 (Simon Barrett et al., 2013)I went into V/H/S 2 with no small amount of trepidation, given how much the first had been talked up and how mediocre it ended up being. This was reinforced when I saw that some of the usual suspects were back, but Adam Wingard turned in his best film in six years with You're Next, and one of the new guys who signed on is the inimitable Jason Eisener, who helmed the mighty Treevenge before gaining fame and fortune with Hobo with a Shotgun, so I figured maybe it would be better this time around. And it is; lessons were learned from the first flick, and as a result, the editors had much freer reign in the cutting room; the film weighs in at a trim ninety-five minutes.This time, the frame was directed by Simon Barrett, who you saw in front of the screen in the first movie (and who wrote both the frame and &#8220;Phase I Clinical Trials&#8221;), and it starts out leagues better than the frame in the first movie. A PI, Larry (Gayby's Lawrence Michael Levine), and his partner/girlfriend/something-or-other Ayesha (TV character actress Kelsy Abbott) are hired by the mother of Kyle (You're Next's L. C. Holt), a college student to find him after he's been missing a week. They break into his house and find much the same setup as we saw in the first movie, and while Larry looks around the apartment, Ayesha starts digging through his computer and, after finding a vlog where he makes reference to the tape sitting right next to her, she pops it into the player.&#8220;Phase I Clinical Trials&#8221;, directed by Wingard, is the first of the shorts, and in many ways it's the best of the lot. Herman (Wingard) lost an eye in an auto accident and has been fitted with a prosthetic (with recording capability, natch). All is relatively well until that night, when he sees a couple of apparitions. All is not right in Herman's head, it would seem. (Don't worry, that's only the first cheesy TV show reference in this review.) The next day, Clarissa (Awakened's Hannah Hughes), a woman who was at the doctor's office with Herman, shows up on his doorstep. He blows her off until she tells him he's not the only one having weird paranormal experiences. I haven't read any reviews or commentary yet, but I'm guessing a lot of people are complaining about the ending. Don't listen to them.Next comes &#8220;A Ride in the Park&#8221;, from Eduardo S&aacute;nchez (Lovely Molly) and Gregg Hale (Say Yes Quickly). A zombie apocalypse, from the zombie's point of view. Not awful...until you get to the ending. Then it is.&#8220;Safe Haven&#8221; comes next, and I'm still trying to decide what I think about it. While I was watching the movie, it blew me away. While there's obviously a supernatural element to it all, this story about a crazy Indonesian cult, brought to us by Timo Tjahjanto (Macabre) and Gareth Huw Evans (The Raid: Redemption), most has the ring of the possible about it, at least until the final third. Even then, the shenanigans the piece gets up to are creepily effective, and when the punchline hits&#8212;or splatters&#8212;it's still pretty amazing. Then they tacked on the final three minutes and the whole thing becomes a shaggy dog joke. I grant you, it's a funny shaggy dog joke, but still, it doesn't really fit with the rest of the piece. Despite that, it's very artfully done until then, and I'll be looking for more from these guys.The last of the batch is Eisener's contribution, &#8220;Slumber Party Alien Abduction&#8221;, and I wish I could say I liked it better than I did. Eisener's strength has always been his ability to combine humor and gore in a way more effective than most directors this side of early Sam Raimi. Here, however, he ditches the humor and plays it straight. Bad idea. A large part of me wants to compare it to M. Night Shyamalan's Signs, but it doesn't suck that bad.And throughout, I've been forgetting to talk about the gradual, but in hindsight kind of inevitable, decline of the frame story, which is thrown into pretty stark contrast when you compare its ending to that of Wingard's piece, which goes for the same style (without being spoily, we'll call it &#8220;ambiguous, but in such a way that you know exactly what happens after the camera dies&#8221;) and pulls it off much more successfully than Barrett does here.All in all, I liked it well enough. It's still not the second coming of the horror anthology we were promised with the first movie; the Southeast Asian film market is still kicking our asses when it comes to anthology films (viz. Zoo or Rampo Noir for excellent Asian examples of the genre). But if the guys behind this series keep up the same increase in quality when the inevitable V/H/S 3 comes around, they may be within spitting distance of the first really good American horror anthology flick since 1983's Nightmares. ** 
I agree with the employed classical musician who filed a review here by the name of Seth Goldman.  He found the entire pilot episode preposterous and so did I.  However, unlike me, he knew every little thing that was wrong with it.  However, even I wondered why I didn't see anyone practicing, that playing, playing and playing some more would be the reality of a classical musician's existence. Goldman verified this and that a real classical musician would never find the time to engage in all of these shenanigans. I thought this looked and played like a really bad soap opera from beginning to end.  Amazon, don't make any more episodes of this turkey.
The makers of this should be ashamed.  For a story line that could have been really funny, it turned out to be boring.
This show had so much promise.  Sure some of the characters were dreadful in dialogue.  Yes, you could tell things were off to a slow start.  But when the V first hit Earth it's all very exciting.  Then the show was thrown into a pile of trash, and is generally not worth watching.  I recommend watching the series until the V introduce themselves on the giant undership screens, then hit your foot with a hammer, and save yourself the time of watching anything further.
The worst about this movie is the script.  The writing has a sloppy structure so the movie comes off like a bunch of disjointed scenes that the writer struggled to fit together into some kind of 'story' (which this film doesn't have much of anyway)... making the story take second place to the attempt at fitting the dialogues in.  It's not really that funny either.  I did laugh I think 4 times though so it does have funny moments.  Among the list of things that makes this film utterly ununique- there is only one female lead she's only there to serve as the sexual interest of the main character.  Josh Groban's character is funny, but Josh Groban is not totally convincing in playing him.  Glenn Howerton does a good job, but his body language wasn't that of a guy who is 'too responsible' or 'too nice'.  He has a certain swagger that makes him appear to be a bit more arrogant than the character suggests- perhaps due to playing Dennis for too long. But this perhaps is being nit-picky as otherwise he does a good job and obviously has talent.  The female lead- her acting was eh.  Obviously she's some model who just woke up one morning and decided to become an actress.  Though truth be told they probably all could've done better if the script was any good-  Doesn't matter how well the bricks are laid- if you have a crappy foundation to work with the building will come tumbling down.*******Spoilers beyond this point*******Did I miss something? I thought Josh Groban stole the money from the register and had the cash in his pocket.  Yet when the police came none of them were searched and Groban goes home with the money...without the manager ever noticing that the cash was gone?  If I'm right about this then the script is even worse than I said.
So, I like new things.  I recorded the first episodes of this.  I had watched about thirty minutes.  I had to stop it.  It was awful.  SO over acted.  They wasted so much time just showing stuff shoot or be blown up.  When the guy that looked like he was an 80s Bond villain screamed at the guy to tell him something, I said "that's it for me."  One of the stupidest shows I have seen.  I will not waste anymore of my time onIn short, bad, over the top acting.  Child like action made to make you feel intense, which it did not.  Never felt drawn in or engaged at all.  I just felt nothing.  I will try again on net flix or hulu plus one day.
I am watching season 3 now.Well written, well played, some time really funny.But I can't say I really like it.I cannot completely grasp my head around the main character.If he is an alcoholic, a smoker and a drugs user, why is he in such a good physical shape with perfect air.There is the cliche: alcoholic writer that can write.His relations with his long time girl friend/wife: Can you really be faithful one week and sleep 2 different woman the next week,for 3 seasons of the show.The language: I am not against using the F word or the S word at all, but in this show it is use everywhere even to qualify Father Daughter relation ship.Is it because I do not live in California, that I do not get this show, or is just Hollywood and most people that make TV shows thatdo not live in the same world as me.I will watch it,  but I do not get what is theme of the show really about.
I know its a show but the graphics are sub par and the story line is boring.  For some reason, I don't like the main male character in this show.  Sadly, I only watched one episode so I may be judging too early.  The game on the other hand is great!  First true MMORPG for a first person shooter.  I give it props!
i'll preface my lukewarm review by saying a man is not a movie, and it is necessary to set aside the man in order to review the movie. one can ask: what would ebert himself have said about this film?this story falls into two distinct parts. the documentary part concerns the life and times of roger ebert, boy journalist, adult editor and larger than life, groundbreaking movie critic and television personality. this is interesting as biography and as a historical look at journalism in the days before media empires made newspapers obsolete and cable channels made broadcast television irrelevant. compiled from archive materials and latter day interviews, all this material is fascinating and enlightening.the travails part of the film is entirely focused on ebert's disfiguring, debilitating and agonizing medical troubles, including close ups of painful medical procedures and the terrible deformities that had to be accepted as the price of "affirming life". this is absolutely a necessary part of the ebert story and ebert was courageous to permit the extensive filming.it's unfortunate that these two parts don't work together. part of the problem is incredibly indulgent editing (i could predict during the movie that director james was also an editor) that makes this film about 30 minutes too long and makes the life appear almost secondary to its end. but part of the problem is omission: ebert is healthy, then he is sick; he's a TV personality, then he's a blogger. by jumping back and forth between present and past, and focusing far too much on the gruesome present, we jump over the crucial transition. the two years between ebert's cancer diagnosis and his public announcement that he was "a sick man" is a blank; "ebert and roeper" is ignored. the progress of his disease is merely common: it's the response of the man to the disease that is significant. it's not a transition that can be tracked in ebert's own voiceover, reading passages from "life itself", because surgery took away his voice.ebert was a populist, but he was no sentimentalist. he could approve a benji movie because it was appropriate for its audience of children. what is the audience for this film? if it's the sentimental ebert fans who adore his reviews and worship his memory, then it's probably an admirable work. despite its candor about ebert's bullying, egotistical temperament, this is really a tribute film, a two hour eulogy: it was directed and produced by filmmakers whom ebert helped in their careers.as someone who admires ebert but hardly to excess, and doesn't really care about his interest in used bookstores, his father or his walks in the park, i found this film lost its way in its desire to cram in every biographic detail and share his final months at every step, yet omit the process by which ebert reinvented his career and faced his end without losing his journalistic integrity.
If I hadn't known it was a Chris Carter production, and if I didn't like Sharon Lawrence and &#34;Hardison&#34; from Leverage, I would not have hung in there. The opening of this was pretty awkward. It got better bit by bit, and then we start getting the creepy vibes we'd expect from X-Files Guy. The ending was almost a bit much. It was creepy and it raised questions, but it was also a bit pushing-it, almost to parody. However, I'd watch the second one to see where it takes off to. I like dystopian and post-apocalyptic (or even just apocalyptic) stuff, so I'd like to see what Carter does. There have been touches of X-Files and Millenium already....
99 cents for 10 minutes or less, interesting concept "what if superman's ship had landed in Russia and he grew up under that type of totalitarian regime" -- but you only get a few minutes of story and the rest in screen credits, not worth 99 cents
The Angels and Demons showdown with Lillith and the female demon that tricked Sam was over the top amazing!  And once that battle was done, I was expecting an entirely new legend to spring up for Sam and Dean.  But here we are Season 9 and the show is still stuck on demons and angels.Good grief Supernatural writers, please find some new material for the show!  And how many more times will Dean and Sam go their separate ways, only to come back together with so much tension between them it hurts?Dean is no longer the fun brother, he might as well be a female with how much he whines and complains about every freakin' thing in every scene!And Sam, well...LOL...Sam is still deliciously the man of my dreams. I kid you not, that man (his character) has gotten sexier with every show.  He's the reason I force myself to watch the show still.As the show has gone on Sam's compassion, patience, and understanding towards the monsters he may kill makes that character so much more appealing.  He doesn't see a creature and automatically want to kill it.  He does try and base his actions against the actions of the creature.Dean on the other hand is, if it ain't human...kill it!  For me, that attitude loses any appeal he may have had in the beginning of the show.  It may be time for the duo to add a creature to their team.  Ever since, I think his name was Bobby (the older man that helped them out) left, it feels as though something is missing in the show.If only the writers could think outside the box and create a serial killer on the show that's so unique it takes an entire season avoiding any topics about angels or demons.Wishing on a star!!
Strange movie that had a very strange ending. Acting was average and story line OK but not great. Not a great movie but acceptable.
I am really confused as to why this show was rated so highly. I found it extremely BORING! It was your cookie cutter crime drama, but with a lot more cigarette smoking. If you want to watch a good crime drama with Titus Welliver, you should watch The Good Wife on CBS instead.
Not enough humorous moments.  Typical try-to-hard to be funny but falls flat.  But that's just me.  A 15 year old may get more out of it.
On its face, Best Man Down feels like a movie bogged down in indie movie cuteness, from its quirky premise to the over-written character names (I can't tell you how much I wished Labine's character had been named anything but &#34;Lumpy&#34;) to the wall-to-wall indie rock score, which is always very pretty but a bit too on-the-nose, emotionally speaking. The good news is that the movie has more emotional depth than any of this would suggest.Long and Weixler are very good as the couple thrown into tragic and bizarre circumstances, and there are hints at some of the rough road they have ahead (much of it having to do with money, which continues to play a huge role in many of their conversations). Questions are raised about the difference between what is a &#34;best&#34; friend and just one's oldest friend, and whether or not those are the same thing. Weixler's character is obviously overmedicating her troubles away, not the least of which being the anxiety brought on by the constant needling of her mother (played by Shelley Long). There's good stuff in all of this, only Ted Koland doesn't seem to trust his moments. Anything implicit is made explicit by having characters flat out speak the subtext a lot of the time, and it's frustrating. There are the building blocks of a really good character piece about relationships inside Best Man Down, but then out of nowhere a character will be caught masturbating and we'll remember that Koland is too stuck making a movie to say something about real life. Not all the time, but enough.Timlin's performance as 15-year-old Ramsey is so good that she manages to overcome the cliches surrounding her character&#8212;the white trash mom (Frances O'Connor, Book of Love) who talks to a psychic, the possibly abusive stepdad (Evan Jones, The Book of Eli) who is selling and taking drugs, the kids at school who are pointlessly cruel. All the supporting details of Ramsey's life seem informed by a Lifetime movie, which isn't to say that there aren't 15-year-olds whose lives are very much like that, just that Koland hasn't considered any of the details make any of it feel lived-in and real. The movie wants to set up a character who has never felt loved and takes the shortest possible route to get there. Koland deserves credit for the way the movie pays off the relationship between Ramsey (ugh) and Lumpy (ugh ugh), even if it does feel pat and gets everyone off the hook. Those moments are handled nicely, especially by Timlin and Labine. Their scenes together are so good that we're left wanting more of them.That's true of the movie as a whole. In a climate in which most movies need to lose about a half hour, Best Man Down is the rare film that could stand to be a bit longer. There are just too many story lines to service, to many relationships to explore. Koland spends 80 minutes establishing a lot of good stuff and then, apparently realizing it's time to wrap things up, just tosses it all away with a series of too-neat conveniences. It doesn't undo everything that came before, but it's difficult not to think the film would resonate a lot more if Koland had stuck the landing.Magnolia's DVD of Best Man Down gets the job done, with an anamorphic widescreen transfer that's natural and pleasant, with stable colors and no disruptive digital tinkering. The 5.1 surround audio track keeps the dialogue clear in the center channel while reserving the the remaining speakers primarily for the moody indie rock that populates the soundtrack. There's a smattering of bonus features including an outtake reel, short interviews with director Koland and star Long, an EPK-style featurette and the film's original theatrical trailer.Patrick Bromley, DVD VERDICTRead the full review at dvdverdict.com
While I like gosling and I don't mind subtitles this movie just didn't do it for me. I can't quite put my finger on why but I think it mostly how the plot developed. Eh.
The best thing about this season is that Walt finally admits that he didn't do it for the family. I watched this show because I deal with meth lab cleanups. One time exposure can create an addiction and there is a 90% failure in overcoming the addiction for those who try. Don't glorify meth production.
A bit quirky, but well acted and interesting story concept. Too reliant on the theme of crime history repeating itself, but i enjoyed it. I would recommend it to the arm chair criminologist (which I am!)..
Director Neil Jordan has made some fantastic movies, some of the well known and others not quite so. From INTERVIEW WITH A VAMPIRE to MONA LISA, his films are never boring and always offer more story than most. Such is the case with his latest to hit DVD, ONDINE.Colin Farrell stars as Syracuse, Circus to his friends due to his clownish attitude when he was once a raging alcoholic. Sober for over two years, Syracuse is a fisherman in a small town off the coast of Ireland. Miraculously one day he reels in his net to find a woman (Alicja Bachleda) there along with the fish. Fortunately she's alive and he takes her back with him. But for some reason she insists that he not take her to a hospital or let anyone see her.Syracuse answers her requests and takes her to a secluded bay where his late mother's house remains. Allowing her to stay there she tells him when asked that her name is Ondine, which means "she came from the sea". Unsure of what to do, Syracuse leaves to take care of an important meeting he's late for.That meeting is taking his daughter to the hospital for treatment. Annie (Allison Barry) is an intelligent 10 year old whose kidneys are failing her. Syarcuse is a doting father who sits with her through the entire treatment. When he volunteers to tell her a story during the treatment, she makes him follow through and he begins a tale of a fisherman who casts his net only to haul in a mermaid, a selkie in Celtic mythology.While Syracuse returns to the cottage where Ondine is, Annie thinks there is more to his story than just a tall tale and begins doing research on the selkie. At the same time, Ondine insists on going out with Syracuse fishing the next day. For some reason when she sings, Syracuse seems to reel in more fish than he ever has before. Could she truly be a mermaid?While Annie makes a secret trip to the cottage and gets the chance to meet Ondine, Syracuse makes a stop at the local church. From time to time, he spends time in the confessional talking to the priest there (Stephen Rea). He opens up to him not as a priest but as someone he can talk to, reveal himself to, knowing that it won't turn into gossip. The bond between these two is felt throughout the movie, though one gets the idea that Syracuse is not a regular churchgoer.As the story progresses, Annie grows attached to Ondine. Time spent with her results in a secret that the two share, something found in the water that Ondine buries that will come into play near the end of the film when the magic turns to more dark reality.Annie isn't the only one who grows fond of Ondine. Syracuse falls in love with her as well. Not only does he fall for her, he feels that perhaps her being with him brings a certain amount of good fortune too. And being a man whose lost all hope, it also brings about a distinct amount of fear in him as well, fear that something bad is coming. Could there be something in Ondine's past that will return to plague them? Or is she really magical?The combination of fantasy and dark reality make for interesting viewing with this film. As with most films Jordan has made, the story is never rushed or the film padded with unnecessary chases or fights to lengthen it or make it move faster. Jordan instead tells a story in a smooth fashion that for some will seem slow given the frenetic pace of most movies today. But in giving the movie a chance, you'll find that story truly does matter.Farrell does a commendable job as Syracuse, a man without hope who fears for his daughter, who has allowed himself to be put down for years for the things he did in his past. We get only glimpses of those things in word and action, but somehow Farrell gives us more information with a shrug or attitude than we might get with a long winded monologue.Both Alicja Bachleda and Annie Barry are wonderful in their roles here. They may not have garnered the name recognition that Farrell has but given the opportunity both could become major stars.The movie presents a gorgeous look at Ireland and the seaside town where it was filmed. It presents a tale that draws you in rather than slaps you around. And it takes time to let that story unfold. Jordan has always been a storyteller. And with ONDINE, he remains one of the best.
Overall, I thought this was a sweet film. Morgan Freeman's cantankerous character is a delight, and his friendship with the young girls who are his neighbors is cute and heartwarming. However, the abrupt romantic moments between Virginia Madsen and Morgan Freeman were downright "icky" in my opinion. It smacked of "pervy old man hitting on younger woman", and I didn't think that the film really built up to a relationship between them. I felt they were becoming good friends as the film progressed, and then suddenly there was sexual tension and a kiss between them? No way...I didn't buy it. That part of the plot just seemed "off" to me.
We couldn't even get through episode one. The writing is dreadful: he should stick with comic strips. The characters are amazingly non-funny, and the worst part is that they are all excellent actors. What a waste of time.
Here we go again with the "found footage" style of filmmaking.  Not surprising, it's also a horror film.  What is a bit different is that it is stitched together as 6 different stories by different actors, directors and plots.  The opening sequence is the segment from which the other's feed.  We have 4 punk guys who get their jollies by molesting strangers and destroying property.  They make a few bucks as minor league burglars.They are hired to retrieve a tape from rundown house in the middle of nowhere.  They find an old man, apparently dead, sitting in an easy chair in front of a bank of TV's and some VCR players.  As they search the dark, creepy house for the tape they need, one of dudes parks himself in front of the TV and plops in one of the tapes littering the room.  Thus the vignettes begin.After each segment ends, we return to the punks still looking for the right tape.  In spite of differing stories, each film has some common elements.  All of the characters are unlikeable 20 somethings.  The dudes are decent looking but the type most people would avoid at all costs.  In other words, we hope they get what they deserve.  The ladies are all attractive with generous fleshy breasts that are thoughtfully bared for the camera.There are plenty of blood splatterings, throat slashings and disemboweling to keep fans of the genre happy.  In all honesty, they were all pretty well made and acted.  The problem is that there's not much new either and the shaky cam is beyond annoying. As you might expect, the characters are also very stupid.  The film runs long at nearly 2 hours.  I've got to stop watching these "found footage" films.
The moment you bring in a far right rabid dog and demagogue/fear monger like Alex Jones in as a contributor you destroy all you credibility you once had.
Otherwise this show would have had real potential.  She's bland, vapid, and has no oomph.  Maybe he wanted to shine, but it does a disservice to his acting genius, and also makes the show boring.  Also, too many unlikely triumphs for him, would be good to see him suffer a bit, make mistakes.  Writing poor.
As a longtime Ciaran Hinds fan, as well as one who relishes crime dramas that shed light on the workings of tortured minds (e.g.,Law & Order Criminal Intent), I could overlook the shortcomings of the first two-part episode (Anna's wobbly spike heels, the short skirt, the misty eyed but knowing looks, her thoroughly unprofessional demeanor, etc.), and gave it a rave review based on the strength of the final interrogation scene, dynamite, she showed what she's made of, mettle-wise, matching the perp in intensity.  His crimes made sense, though there were gruesome details galore, they struck me as realistic, not gratuitous or designed merely to shock.  I also liked the promise of the attraction between the two leads, where would it lead?  Then I watched "seasons" 2 and 3.Gratuitous, preposterous.  So many gaffes, overlooked leads and details, FOR EXAMPLE, ***SPOILER ALERT*** in Season 3, they did NO background check on the perp's brother (!), and they only thought to check on the whereabouts of the perp's son at the last minute- gosh, he might have gone there!  And no reporting of the knowledge of the plane, no typing in of the plane's serial number to see what/where it might be, absurd.  The final scene wherein Ciaran and Kelly abandon the car and RUN down the runway after the plane was one of the stupidest scenes EVER.  MANY plot points are left totally unexplained.  It's as though through some printing mishap every other page of the script failed to print and nobody noticed.RE: Season 2, if you thrive on the lurid and the depths of human depravity, much the same way horror fans watch zombies eating people's brains with glee, this may be your cup of tea, though I'm sure you'd like a story that makes SENSE as well.  ***BIG TIME SPOILER ALERT*** A father who not only commits the most gruesome of murders, but forces one victim to eat excrement before dismembering her, also sexually tortures his son and daughters, operates on and removes his daughter's reproductive organs, for FUN.  I couldn't overlook such blatant gratuitousness in any case, but there might have been SOME justification if we gained an understanding of such depravity, or the dynamics of the coppers' interpersonal relationships, or what makes the characters tick, but no such luck.  The leads and the other officers evince one-dimensional, erratic behavior that made NO sense.SO many errors, ludicrous; for example, one of the daughters assaults detectives on two separate occasions, drawing blood, and no-one says a word (they don't even fight back, one just slinks away)!  They don't arrest people for assaulting police officers in the UK?  Also, they had the perpetrator's voice on tape (I think, or SHOULD have taped his calls), early on could've matched the voice prints, AS WELL AS eyewitness identification of him, yet they don't arrest him, simply learn more appalling details with each visit then go back to the squad room and look at the horrific crime scene photos again.  When they finally do detain him, they sit him in an easy chair and serve him lunch, and, SURPRISE, he escapes.  And a detective sleeping with a reporter, "accidentally" affording him access to her case notes?  And with no repercussions?  COME ON.  Columbo or Inspector Morse this ain't.  Real UK cops must've had a field day with this twaddle.  I admit I was curious to see if things might improve in the final installment, but it's not a Prime offering so that sealed the deal.For lurid and close to the bone that DOES make sense, (to me, anyway), seeSingle Handed: Natural Justice, a VERY dark (and profane, be forewarned), but superb Irish series available on Instant Video.  And BOTH seasons are free to Prime members.
My received a pup for a gift and it is a &#34;hog dog&#34;. We wanted to see why and we learned different kinds of dogs can be trained to be &#34; hog dogs&#34;. I did not realize how fast these animals reproduce and the damage they can cause. The people who do this for a living won't have to worry about job security!
I like this show.  Would prefer more cowboy and less Indian mysticism.  The locations are great.  Scripts could be a little tighter and beefed up.
Every year there is a movie or two that makes you think &#8220;WTF?&#8221;. This year, that movie is &#8220;John Dies at the End&#8221;. Based on the 2007 novel, this is a science fiction comedy horror film. It&#8217;s about two guys that discover a drug that&#8217;s alive. Once they take it (or it takes them), they become involved in a quest that involves something that is either a doorway to Hell or an alien invasion. Nobody is sure which. And nobody much cares.Part William S. Burroughs, part David Cronenberg, and part SNL skit, this is pretty much a one-note film. What you see is what you get, and it doesn&#8217;t make a lot of sense. It&#8217;s not subtle or particularly smart. It is very creative, however. Bratwurst cell phones, amputees with ghost hands, monsters made out of frozen meat, and a dog that drives are just a few of the things that you will see here. There are a few moments that are weird enough to almost provide a zen-like flash of enlightenment, but they are never fleshed out, so they fall back into the zany gore and random chaos.It&#8217;s directed by Don Coscarelli, a veteran of weird Hollywood movies. He&#8217;s probably best known for the &#8220;Phantasm&#8221; series, and the cheesy &#8216;80&#8217;s adventure &#8220;The Beastmaster&#8221;. This movie fits right in with the attitude of those cult classics. The trippy visuals and pure weirdness of the movie will ensure a small but loyal following, and help make up for the fact that it&#8217;s really pointless and means nothing.
The cast with the new additions (due to graduation) has a lack of chemistry that was evident in seasons 1-3.  The show is alright, but lack a stand-out personality.
I absolutely LOVED the first season and a half of this series.The direction of the Series changed radically in the last half of the Second Season.Fans of the show will be VERY disappointed in the third season.By the third season, the writers appeared to have run out of any new ideas. Beloved characters were allowed to flounder around without anything meaningful to do. The George Tucker and Lemon Breeland characters were especially wasted in the third season.I am surprised the show is still on the air
On camera evidence reviews were not sufficient enough to make a conclusion. It is just like, &#34;This thing showed there and another thing showed on that spot; so this place must be haunted.&#34; kind of analysis.
This story looks to be amazing, the plot obviously will allow for stories back in time and over previous lives.  The witches theme will actually be refreshing if Lifetime does not start making political statements into the plots as happens with some of their other shows.  When will the Hollywood types realize we want entertainment, not subtle kudos for their favorite causes.Watch the preview and decide for yourself but to me this has the potential for being great entertainment.This looks good, I already signed up for a season long TV Pass so I certainly hope it is as good as it appears on the surface.The pilot was great but I should warn you that if you plan to watch the first episode you will actually need the first two episodes since the pilot ends on a bit of a cliffhanger but the story is riveting.UPDATE: 24 OCT 2013 - Well to be honest I am seriously considering dropping this show, the plots are OK at best and seem to be trending towards a soap opera type storyline.  I am going to give it a couple more episodes and see where it goes, so far it is not what I had hoped for and as another reviewer has said, it does indeed seem to be a reboot of Charmed in many ways but not as good.  I will leave the 5 Stars up for now but it is a fading thing for me.UPDATE: 13 Nov 2013 - I tried to love it but it was just not enough of a story to hold me, I cancelled my TV Pass for this, maybe if I read it got substantially better I will pick it up again but it had great potential that was just not realized.
I think I would have either added a few more episodes, or cut the time spent on  the musical number and Robert Carne's memories of his sad relationship with his lovely but bi-polar wife. The story line that involved Sarah Burton as the young, emancipated headmistress including the subplot with her pupil, the poverty stricken but gifted Lydia, was so much more promising and fresh. With Carne, I felt we were given raked over Mr Rochester, by way [ and it is not the fault the versatile actor David Morissey, he strongly resembles George Reeves in this role] of Superman. I could barely concentrate because of it. Too bad because this series could have been wonderful. Anna Maxwell Martin, a most intelligent actress, is, as usual,  a delight.
haven't watched yetbut anything frank langella is in is goodone og the best actors to not get any due
I couldn't stand the characters on the show. None of them were likeable. The music on the show was decent, but that is about the only positive thing about the show. The pace of the show was too slow. I wanted to stop watching about ten minutes into the show. I just can't get into this show. It's too boring. I didn't find the &#34;humor&#34; funny at all. I would recommend skipping this show.
Few years back, when Colony Season 2 first came out, I watched it and HATED it,, However, I had the chance to watch it again, and I came away far more impressed the second time.  What changed?  My personal perspective on the show, and how the producers tried to respond to legitimate criticism to Season 1.  Please allow me to explain:*Ssn 1 was criticized because it had far too many resources, gadgets and supplies available to them.  Quite simply, Ssn 1 was unrealistic in that regard.  Ssn 2, however, went too far the other way:  the Colonists had almost nothing to work with, planted as they were in a Katrina-destroyed and very clearly picked-over area.  .* Second, Ssn 1 had TOO LARGE A CAST, most of whom thus had far too little to do...that was filled with TOO MANY Type A personalities, which created massive ego-driven personality clashes--that were no doubt also stoked by the show's producers, in pursuit of ratings.  Season 2 solved this by casting ZERO Type A personalities--as one Ssn 2 cast member said in about Episode 3, &#34;We're all Indians and no Chiefs.&#34;  It was indeed painful to see Ssn 2 go many weeks with no natural leader emerge...indeed, several of the colonists appeared hostile to even the idea of a leader, and simply wanted to &#34;self-govern.&#34;  Not surprisingly, a lot of &#34;self-governing&#34; looked a lot like &#34;laziness.&#34;  With no one to organize focused efforts, the show languished, kind of wandering through a leaderless vacuum.  Ultimately, the show had to force an election for a leader and, not surprisingly, the colonists' productivity ramped up significantly once this was done..  I now realize this was a problem driven entirely by casting/production decisions.  Understanding this flaw, I watched Ssn 2 in a different light, and got much more out of it, as a result.* Similarly, Ssn 2 cast was smaller, and these colonists per capita had far fewer useful skills for a post-apocalyptic world.  In that regard, Ssn 2 was probably far more realistic than Ssn 1, which had a statistically-impossible group of skilled individuals.  Again, however, the producers over-corrected; thus a &#34;model&#34; with no discernible skills other than her looks and (occasional) berry-picking emerged as one of the power players in the group.  Very unrealistic, and at times reminiscent of a Survivor episode, as the model kept wanting to &#34;vote people off the island!&#34;  Oh, not officially, of course...but effectively.* Finally, Ssn 2 also over-corrected in the area of security threats to the colonists.  Yes, Ssn 1 was impossibly safe.  OTOH, Ssn 2 had many more security threats...and yet absolutely NO ONE with any reasonable skills to address those security threats.  For example, they desperately needed someone with law enforcement or prior military experience, but simply had no one to fill the bill.  Thus, they drifted through the various security threats, repeatedly getting robbed blind...because they had no one with a clue to deal with security.Once I realized all of these over-corrections on the part of The Colony's producers, I was able to watch Ssn 2 with a more reasonable perspective:  the Ssn 2 colonists were set up to fail, whereas the Ssn 1 colonists were set up to succeed AND to drive interpersonal conflicts that rarely seemed reasonable to viewers (they all seemed manufactured by the show).Finally, then...I was able to watch Ssn 2 with fewer expectations...and in that light, I was able to recognize a not-atypical group struggling to survive/cope in a threatening environment...but lacking the natural skills to do so.  Given that understanding, Ssn 2 becomes far more watchable, and there are even many lessons learned from this group's dynamics and experiences.So, I now can recommend The Colony Season 2...as long as I can explain to folks the differences compared to the first season, and also the differences in the cast.  They are two entirely different shows, and should be watched with two entirely different sets of expectations.Give those provisos...Colony Season 2 is worth watching.  I recommend it.
Ordinarily in a movie filled with grief, such as this one, there is some teaching moment - something that saves it from the pit of despair.  Now I realize that isn't life.  Life hands us grief - or, more times than not, we make our own.  I does not hand us an 'Ah Ha!' moment.  Many times movies try to do that - it doesn't here.  It leaves every individual to find their own reason based on the surface look of a mix of characters.  In other words - it's filmed grief of flawed individuals that unfortunately produced a child.  They are so absorbed by their own flaws that they really fail this child from the moment of conception.  Maybe that's the teaching moment.  It doesn't matter how much you love something or someone; if you don't pay real attention to anyone besides yourself - you will eventually call it guilt.
This was a terrible show. Didn't laugh once. Horrible characters. Stupid plot. Waste of time. And why does the constant dropping of the F-bomb strike this show's writers as funny? Natalie Zea should go back to Justified and forget this disaster ever happened.
This season started out really good and progressively went down hill.  The last episode was really reaching for it.  A new character just showed up out of the blue and started to take control of everything.  I found this to be a bit foolish on the writer's part.  I have enjoyed the show up to that point.  It's interesting to see how different characters react when faced with limited supplies and being cutoff  from the rest of the world.  Its a good story but can only go on so far.
The Jericho premise is fresh and interesting. But I just finished watching the pilot and I find that the story line is weighed down by the poorly developed characters and a lot of cliches about small town America. It is entirely peopled by "aw shucks" "salt-of-the-earth" folks. The kind of people you will never meet in the real world, not even in Kansas. Maybe the writers should visit fly over country to get a better sense of what they're writing about.
This movie was horrible. It was way better than sharknado but that isn't saying much. This movie was depressing. I like survival type movies but this was not really cool in that way at all. It was very slow and boring. The character development was not good at all. And it bothered me that she started sleeping with her cousin. Creepy. I don't really like seeing young kids get killed for no reason either without an explanation. It was like they were trying to create drama but with bad taste. The story focuses more on the blonde with a bad attitude and her relationship with her cousin. I am sad I wasted my money on this.
It's no wonder Russel and his wife divorced.  "I wanted the diamond necklace to be a big deal and it was overshadowed by Russel's dog."  Wasn't the birthday supposed to be about your daughter?  Russel got his daughter something that really mattered, not a damned necklace that she would forget in a day!  Wow, if I were married to any one of those women, I would have kicked them to the curb long ago.
I liked the first season... bought all the other seasons with that in mind as I didn't discover the show until much later than it first started.... and haven't really watched them. I was hoping it was more like the Walking Dead than it is.... the first season ROCKED in my opinion... everything else just feels a little like &#34;well, what do we do now with the plot?&#34;Kinda wish I could give away my 'owned' season 2 and 3 of this show.
John Malkovich is doing a great job.  The first two episodes were entertaining enough, and nothing grated (other than the dastardly plot of the African woman pirate conspiring with the Spanish), but then again nothing really stood out as making this &#34;not to miss.&#34;  I'm interested to see where it all goes.  From the looks of it the doctor becomes island doctor (sawbones) for the commodore and the show goes sort of episodic (adventures of a pirate doctor who is also a spy for the crown).  Sort of Wild Wild West of the Pirate setting. Maybe not.  Does it descend from the pilot or does it turn into an engaging story arc?
The stop-motion animation is very colorful and the character design is appealing. However, they don't have a whole lot to do. Mostly, they stand around and chit-chat about mundane topics that the audience can't relate to. You're in outer space; do something outer spacey. I'm sure working on a space ship will be boring as all get out, but that's not going to make for an interesting show. So, more adventure and more weirdness are going to be needed to make this catch on. The humor is just too low key. It's like Futurama without Bender or Lost in Space without Dr. Smith.
It's almost as though the little boy from Falling Skies could have grown into an adult contemporary of Defiance's hero. We join Nolan 33  years after the invasion of earth. But the show isn't really about aliens at all. It's about political power, posturing, and control.I would rather have been told the story of the missing 33 years (although we do get flashbacks). Show me some first contacts, show me some terra forming, show me some introductions of non-native food animals/plants and how humans dealt with this influx of the impossible.What we have, though, is just a lot of manipulating and political machinations ... just with aliens thrown in.
I loved the book, which is beautifully written and a thoughtful study of food, consumption, and humanity.  The film is stunning in its photography and the music is very eerie.  Sadly, they did not maintain the major plot elements of the book which would have made the film more meaningful and profound.  Or they might have vaguely implied it, but images were not enough. We needed a voiceover or some narrative to give the audience more of an idea of what is going on in the lair.
I watched one episode of Zen. The storyline and production value were high. The plot was interesting, and scenery great. But I won't be watching the other episodes. It didn't hold my attention very well.
Samuel L. Jackson gets out of prison after 25 years. There is no one there to greet him. He attempts to locate people from his past, only to find out they are dead, moved on, or don't want anything to do with him...all except for one man, Ethan (Luke Kirby) the son of his former grifter partner, the man Jackson killed. Jackson attempts to avoid criminal activity and Ethan, but his past is there to haunt him. You know a con is going to happen, but who is going to con who?The movie limps along holding your interest, but like any grifter movie, the ending is what determines the genius and likability of the production...dropping clues and hints along the way about the sting and twist. This one really didn't do it very well, although it does have a wicked twist. Rental at best.F-bombs, sexual situations, nudity (Ruth Negga) 2 1/2 stars.
The best part for me was the magnificent scenery - from the opening shots of the underbelly of the viking ships in the water, to the homecomings through the fjords to the lush local greenery. I also enjoyed the recreations of the Norse religion and the ceremonies at Uppsala [ though apparently the building itself was not historically correct].It's not that easy to create an entire series around a medieval people whose every day lives and motivations were rather simple [ I'm comparing this to the series Rome] and the script reflects this. Additionally the conflict between the local chieftain [Gabriel Byrne] and Ragnar feels too contrived for what was a basically egalitarian society.As for the actors, the dude who plays Ragnar has one facial expression: early Brad Pitt serial killer, which he does not diverge from at all. [ He gets a particularly insane digitally enhanced gleam in his eye  as he is planning his overseas pillages]. Initially the shieldmaiden wife delivered her lines poorly [ and beat some wanna be rapists to a pulp in the first episode!]  but she did develop as the series progressed and grew on me, particularly after Ragnar hooked up with some bony Brunehilde. The shipbuilder, very annoyingly, doubles as the group's lunatic, but in order to be visionary I suppose you have to be slightly insane [ ?]. Otherwise the cast was fine, and if you've already seen and enjoyed Game of Thrones, The Tudors and  Rome and don't mind a shallow plot with whole lot of raiding, fighting and pillaging going on, you might like this series.
I like this show.  My mom and I watch it.  Great singing and interesting stories.  But, it has started to get a bit, out of hand.  I mean, If I didn't know any better, I would aware that this episode was from 1990.  First, I mean, being afraid to be in an interracial couple.  Really?  Seemed so 20 years ago.  Then, when the guy went over to help the guy from getting beaten up.  How did those people low he was gay?  They said &#34;look another one.&#34;  I guess they just knew.  Plus, beating up someone because they are gay, again, really?  What is it 1980s Texas.  It is not even like they were beating up a kid.  It was a man.  Then and finally, the girl was talking to the guy saying &#34;were not in high school anymore.&#34;  I mean, what's it been 6 months since they graduated?  Maybe it has been longer.  They keep having the freaking people come back.  On top of all that, oh, sorry if I said that was the last thing, for a long time, none of the kids live like high school kids.  Drinking, smoking, sex and drugs.  It's like a 70s drive in movie.  It has just gotten so far from what the show started out as.  At least it seems that way to me.  But, I will watch until the end.  I have watched for years and am not one to give up.
This is clearly a love or hate affair or like me try to see the good in it. This is a good movie by many standards but also a disappointment. The Cinematography is amazing like Drive. The characters were extremley cool looking and interesting but very underdeveloped. I loved Drive so much I really wanted to see similarities. But Nicolas clearly wanted to make that statement clear this is not a HERO. Basically Ryan was the same character but not as aggressive and extremley pathetic I hate to say. The soundtrack was good as usual but not as good as DRIVE. This soundtrack carried out more like a pulsating score.The gore aspect was interesting but seemed sort of unnessary unlike in DRIVE. This clearly could have been Drive Part II if the story was more developed. The trailer plays it out that way but this is not the case at all. This is not a revenge story it more of a story of weakness. This clearly doesn't focus around JULIAN(RYAN) but a crooked Cop that doesn't mind killing. It seems like the cop was the hero in this film and was the villian also :(. What a creative and missed opportunity for a really great film. This could have continued were the last left off. And he could have fled to Bangkok and the gangsters could have been trying to take him out there.Instead we get a movie the looks like DRIVE cosmetically . But could have actually been Drive but its muttled mess that looks like it was based off Drive but not. Nicolas Refn really needs to co-write with someone this was a missed opportunity for him. He could have really proved him self after Drive. Hopefully he will try harder on the next film which seems interesting With Cary mulligan in it also from DRIVE and SHAME. With the expectations that was set for him after the last film . I am really surprised he would have tarnished Ryan Goslings heroic character. Such a cool character that could have went so many directions even in sequels. Not to meantion the whole mute thing really worked in Drive. My theory is tough guys don't talk they do. To have someone lose over and over again what is the point? To say he his avenging his brother but losing every battle ..what is the point? Point made I guess if he set out to show that good guys finish last then he made his point. Nothing this director has done in the past has been accessable Bronson was just ok . Its obvious he know how to do cinematography and create interesting characters. What a missed opportunity for him to be the next big thing like David lynch or Quintin Tarantino .If you like this then check out :ShameGirls against boysKiss of the DamnedPassionBreaking the GirlsStokerThe lifeguardByzantiumAlbatrossNobody WalksLovelaceDisconnectThe EastAmerican MaryExcision
This is a very strange movie. It is an Independent film shot on a very small budget, the characters are ultra quirky marginals, and there's a sense of wonder if the two will actually get together or not, and what is really wrong with the 'woman', why can't she be in love? But then the whole thing has this strange porn thread that runs throughout the film. And the ending is just plain flat out painful with Tom Arnold as the creep out father of the century. Tom Arnold has now hit a home run in the creep category.The director, writer, and lead female is Marianna Palka. Jason Ritter (John Ritter's son) is the lead male actor. The film meanders back and forth between Marianna's apartment, the video store where Jason works, and Jason's car where he lives. In the opening montage, Marianna walks into the video store and goes sheepishly over to the erotica film section. She quickly chooses four movies. Jason tries to convince her that one choice was a bad one, and she should not take that movie. He leaves off renting her the fourth movie, she leaves with the three films. Jason then stalks her at her apartment building.The film is claustraphobic, the apartment is small, Jason over stays his welcome, the two end up just too close to eachother, the car where he sleeps is tiny. The only place that is somewhat open is the video store. Both of these characters have strange habits. She wears baggies over her hands to open the DVD's, she hates to have her hair washed, she collects trash in her apartment, and likes to act out forcing herself on Jason. Jason likes to tell people what movies to watch, he has a regular job but can't afford a place to live, he is creepy about peeking through windows and shower curtains, and following Marianna around.I had a very hard time believing these two characters. It was as if the director / screen writer was trying so hard to make them both seem strange, like outcasts, outsiders; but yet they were both somehow brilliant and deeply misunderstood. And then there was this annoying constant reference to pornography and Marianna's distaste for genitals, male and female. The fact that the two of them are attracted to eachother, well that was reasonable.Technically, there were some problems. The audio was absolutely awful, the music was way overboosted and the dialog was poorly recorded. This is a film that relys heavily on dialog to build the craziness of the two characters, sadly the dialog was frequently muddy. This was a simple shoot, very few locations or sets; the video store, the car, the apartment complex entrance, and the apartment. The director did not use framing to her advantage at all, Marianne changes fairly dramatically in this story; but yet she ends up in random frame positions. There were many jump cuts that were too abrupt. Moments where incredible detail and slow paced filming, butted up against a jump cut to a much later time. The film had a hard time developing a decent rhythm. One moment the camera is in the apartment, the next in Jason's car the next morning.The DVD includes a few trailers, oddly Confessions of a Porn Addict trailer is included. A gag reel that has the poorest sound recording I've ever heard. This is a not so funny 10 minute reel.At One hour and 25 minutes, the movie is a bit long. The ending beats a dead horse a bit too hard. The film is definately R rated and not at all for younger viewers. Oddly, there is virtually no nudity in the film. Everything that makes this film R is verbal.It just seemed to me that Marianna Palka tried to do too much with this film; write, direct, star in, and over play a not so bad love story. Just not a very well made film.
This show has a well worn plot.  The ousted good guy who is on his own and ends up trying to save the town, the county, the world because his good side wins out over the old selfish nature. The twist for this show? Instead of your normal ethnic races of earth they threw in some aliens for the big diversity card. Ho Hum.
I liked the idea.  Nerds are very likable people.  However, you want to appeal to a wider audience and starting it off with a full frontal nudity internet woman with tatoos only appeals to maybe 12 year-olds and degenerates.  You don't have to be gross to be funny. Raise your standards and you might have something.
"Everybody, at the end of the day wants to come back with the bestshot." A true story about four combat photographers (even filmed in theactual area) documenting the end of apartheid in South Africa. Thismovie shows us a side of war we rarely ever see, the side of thephotographer shooting a camera instead of a gun. This is a very goodmovie that deserves to be watched, but it is very slow moving throughout most of the movie. This movie seemed to be constantly evolving,much like the characters. Taking the pictures starts as a way to makemoney, win awards and become famous. Next, it becomes a movie in whichthe photographers defend their work, and finally it becomes much morethen just taking pictures. Their work becomes a way to educate the restof the world about what is happening in that part of the world.Overall, a very good but slow moving movie. I recommend it, but youmust be in the mood to watch it. I give it a B-.Would I watch again? - I don't think I would.
A friend of mind recommended The Office to me and swore I would love it.  I didn't.  It was much too awkward for me and I felt most of the humor was super dry.  (more so than the UK version at times)  So when another friend recommended Parks and Recreation, a comedy that breaks the 4th wall in the same way The Office did... I was apprehensive.  As it turns out, I happened to catch an episode from Season 2 randomly on TV and I was hooked.The first season is slow.  I won't lie, it's not nearly as funny as the second season.  Okay, honestly, it's not really that funny.  But you can see the potential, and it is only 6 episodes.  BUT!  Stick with it to Season 2.  Luckily this is where I started so I was able to give this show the chance it needed.  Watch Season 1 for the back stories, so you know about the running gags in the show, not so much for the humor.  Don't get me wrong, it is funny... in places, just not as good as it could be.  Season 2 for me is a 5 star season, Season 1 ... not so much.
Tosh.0 is not for me.  I find his humor pedantic and crass.  I know many people enjoy this show.  So if you like your humor on the bawdy side maybe this one is for you.
if we are to rewrite World War II with happy, friendly Nazis and their partisan, Jewish friends who escape the death camps we're in for a longer series than this one.
American audiences will feel right at home here:  other reviews have already noted the similarity that "Lark Rise to Candleford" bears to beloved American programs like "The Waltons" and most especially "Little House on the Prairie".  Perhaps Brits themselves felt at home with this series for the same reason, as I'm sure those American shows were seen on British TV at some point.  Even the landscape looks more American than British.  Hardly a cloudy day, golden fields of barley everywhere, and the fictional "Candleford" could easily pass for Topeka, Kansas during the same time period.There must have been a lot of morally righteous fathers raising bright young women in the late 1800s, because Laura Ingalls Wilder and Flora Thompson, who wrote the series of books this show is based on, were writing very similar stories at about the same time (early 20th century) across the pond from each other.  "Look how simple our lives were in the High Victorian era!  Take that, you Depression-era hedonists, with your cities and automobiles!"  Our young heroine does not lack for mentors to exemplify, either through lecturing or through their own mistakes, good moral lessons:  that morally righteous father, plus an always-practical mother, and a worldly employer at the town post-office.  Julia Sawalha as the oddly-named Post-Mistress "Dorcas" Lane, and Fergus Drysdale as the father, are the acting stand-outs.  This is Sawalha's show all the way.  The show suffers when she's not in the frame.  Not because there's no acting talent among the rest of the cast, but because the characters are not terribly well-conceived.  There's a postman who acts like a child, is terrified of women, then starts beating a bible in high moral dudgeon.  I think he's meant to be comic relief.  Well, he wasn't funny enough.  There's Dawn French as the World's Sloppiest Mom in the "Lark Rise" hamlet, who belongs in a modern reality show, like "Honey Boo Boo", rather than a period piece.  There are a pair of spinster-sisters who run the local clothing store, who wear the same garish outfits every day.  Some of these characters change from sympathetic to antagonistic, depending on the episode.Lots of comments here praising the "cleanliness" of this program.  Yeah.  Just a little too clean, for my taste.  It could use more grit and less silly characters.  I'm also surprised by the rampant sentimentality in a British production: tears hang trembling in bottom eyelids a lot.  Oh well, I guess English people like to cry, too.  But many praising the wholesomeness of life depicted in this show would not choose to go back in time to live in Candleford, and not just because there would be no cell phones.  Class system is in full force here ... and the show appears to believe in that hierarchy, as demonstrated by the local Squire who goes around adjudicating disputes and determining sentences for violators of the law, all with perfect justness, a justness you get the feeling could not be achieved by a jury of peers.  They'd be too hungry from their serf-like lives to devote much attention to anything abstract like justice.Sentimentality's a dangerous road.  Leave the coach-and-four at home and just drive your car.
Gabe and Cat have zero sparks, please create a new exciting story line, season 1 was a lot better if you ask me, cant get enough of it, I'm re-watching it over and over again
I can't see myself going out of my way to watch this one like I would for The After, Bosch, or The Rebels.  Everything's good about it but the overall topic - classical music is a snoozer.  I do like the characters and the story line so far though.
The snarky fun continues with Season 2.  The continuity elements are few and simple - it's pretty much the Jim and Callie relationship sub plot.  Fortunately, that takes a back seat to the general fun and games of warm, sunny Florida and 43 minutes of murder-fueled TV mayhem.This season suffers slightly more than the first from the annoying relationship dynamic.  What in season 1 was cute becomes, in season 2, distracting and annoying.There are also a few episodes that appear to have been written by an eight-year-old.  These were predictable, lame, factually incorrect, and implausible on almost every level.This is light hearted and fun detective TV.  Pure brain candy.  Nothing unconventional, here.  But, still good fun.  Not quite as good as Season 1.
It's ok but as a parent not something I would share with my teenager.  A bit too much drinking and sex.  Yeh, I know it happens.
Although at the end of the day, this movie wasn't very good, the premise was interesting enough for me to recommend it as a 'desperate to watch something' film.
MY HUSBAND IS A FIREFIGHTER AND JUST HAD TO SEE IT!! IT WAS OK BUT IF YOU DON'T KNOW A LOT ABOUT FIREFIGHTING YOUR KINDA LOST.
Here is my one thing about D.Benson she hasn't gotten any better at her job. I feel like she wants to be on the up and up, but every time there is a new show, she is with some guy that she really shouldn't be with (the Lawyer, the undercover cop) they she doesn't disclose. So her whole purpose of trying to keep a relationship secret gets totally blown up and out in the open. Also I definately notice that she is a little more calm through out the activities, but I don't feel like she nows that law well enough to manipulate it to her advantage. I really like Hargitay, but I just wish she would grow up a little.I like the stories. They are what keep me interested I just wish that they would keep the characters more mature like.
The ignorance of  burnt out producers and writers  who finally after 40 years of doing heavy drugs, find themselves in a world of film , that requires no talent,..like the music industry, for instance.I usually rely on the Imbd when I pick something to watch, but this is a true  disappointment in that rating system.Surely  , this being a based on a true story and all,..either someone is poking fun at the people of Minnesota, or the words, &#34;based on a true story&#34;  is a joke, as well as this trash they call a story.I tried two episodes and honestly don't understand why there has to be the numbnuttery or Black adder crap  mixed in with a real true drama story,..Sadly , the industry being what it is today , this stupidity will carry into a second season, because the critics  are old LSD burnouts themselves.If it is, .....then say what it is, .....but don't say it is and mean something else.Because there is nothing dramatic about this crap,...and crap is exactly what this is,..I will definitely be  requesting a refund for this waste of money,..
"Phantasm" director Don Coscarelli comes back with "John Dies at the End," an adaptation of a David Wong book of the same title. A more interesting fact is that this is the director's first feature film in about ten years since "Bubba Ho-Tep."First, like "Bill and Ted" cult comedies, Coscarelli's new film has virtually no coherent story to tell. The film is basically about a twenty-something slacker David (Chase Williamson) and his friend John (Rob Mayes) both having weird experiences after taking mysterious "soy sauce," a drug that gives them some unusual powers.So what will they do using those special powers? Not much. With its nominal plotline about the "invasion" of some evil (and grotesque-looking) spirits, "John Dies at the End" is a string of dark comedy vignettes: a shape-shifting doorknob, a truck-driving dog, Paul Giamatti's skeptical interviewer and a few surprises involving his character. There are lots of weird characters, weird creatures and weird events.Perhaps you may like the chaos for what it is; perhaps you may not. There is something infectious about the film's weird atmosphere, but much of it especially in the second half seemed like weirdness for weirdness's sake.
People not communicating and suffering because of it. It had a good ending, and maybe because he's grown up from all the things he experienced, he will have a good life.
I enjoyed it but would have liked to see more of their time in Scandinavia in the earlier years.  Would have enjoyed more info on the origins of their religious beliefs.
I like Sam Witwer (Aidan) but Aidan Turner (Mitchell) plays the tortured vampire much better in the U.K. version (original) of Being Human. Sam Huntington (Josh) isn't the whiny werewolf that Russell Tovey (George) is and I much prefer Russell's version as it makes him more interesting. Meaghan Rath (Sally) just isn't the bubbly ghost that Lenora Crichlow (Annie) is and Lenora's version is just adorable.I'm not sure if I'll continue to watch this series past the free episode but I bought both seasons of the U.K. version as the British actors give so much more depth to the characters making the series a must watch.
Clich&eacute; after clich&eacute; after clich&eacute;, does not deliver. Not even randomly. The procedural is just so bad that it could have worked as a joke, but it instead tries to be too serious. The writing is painful Of the two main characters, she is as stiff, boring, and sanctimonious as the worst parody of a career woman attempts to be. He is a clown disguised as what I guess was meant to be a New York yuppie with suits and sneakers, bear, and hat. The love story is without chemistry. Naturally. The episodes plots are lame.
Not Worth the Time!  This movie started great and seemed to be building into a great thriller.  This movie was much more of a failed B movie, drama.  The only reason why I even thought of renting this (and paying $10!) was because it had Jessica Biel in it...I would totally pass on this movie!
PLEASE NOTE: Reviews are opinions. The purpose of the reviews are to HELP those who haven't seen the show decide whether or not they want to purchase/read/watch/listen to something. That's what the voting is for NOT if you agree or disagree with the reviewer. If you disagree-write a review. The comments section IS for those who want to disagree.The second season of "Heroes" stumbled with its story arc involving Hiro traveling back in time to feudal Japan. FYI, that subplot IS tied into the main plot of the second season. The focus here is on the Shanti Virus a concoction that can take away someone's powers but IS often lethal. There is also someone targeting those who were involved in the founding of "The Company". As with "Lost" the introduction of new characters was problematic--fans were more interested in finding out what happened to their favorites from season one. The show recovers somewhat by midset unfortunately the show was interrrupted by the Writer's Guild strike. I have no doubt that the second half of the second season would have made up for the stumbling start of season two based on what we find out in the extras but that didn't happen.The show looks extremely good in its DVD presentation. The extras are quite good as well which does make up for the diminished quality of the show. We get 11 commentary tracks. I haven't had time to listen to more than one or two of them but they are pretty good. If I'm not mistaken these are the audio versions of the video commentaries that were available on the "Heroes" website.A couple of the featurettes included here were also on the webiste. The most effective and interesting ones here are the preview of season three (which has some minor spoilers so you may want to wait to watch it if you want to be totally surprised)and a featurette that allows us to see how a series of scenes wer constructed."Heroes" still has tremendous potential and here's hoping that the third season "Villians" is an improvement over the second season. This is a good set but isn't as strong or as good as the first season of "Heroes".Rent it.
Blood and guts ... females expendable
Was really looking forward too another show that could fulfill my dream of being as good as the wire. Sadly this doesn't. While there is lots of action and the grenade that was thrown from a foot ball field was cool I thought there was way too much emphasis on the cats that shoot spiderwebs. Well nice try but just not the wire-worthy
This is in color; they use cameras that shoot well in low light so eye pupils look huge; the actors are all pretty, with perfect teeth, and nice bone structure. That's where reality ends.Everything else is total fantasy, it has nothing to do with reality, or psychology, or law enforcement, or human behavior, or anything else. It is completely made up. Do not draw any conclusions from this about real life; this only happens on your screen - real life is what's outside your door - go look.
If they take out the swearing and sex, there would be no show - thin, thin story line. I would not watch another episode for FREE!
Sometimes it got boring. I liked the parts where they were cooking but the judging got boring and i felt like they just like the underdog not the best cook.
A fair amount of well executed (so to speak) violence in a well made but routine yakuza film. Takeshi Kitano makes so many movies they can't all be great. This one isn't - but it's not terribly bad, either.
These ladies aren't . . . ladies that is.  Their ignorance is staggering but nevertheless it's amusing if you can tolerate people who live in their mirrors.
Another predictable cop show.  Violating people's right, assaulting innocent people while they're handcuffed and covering it up.  Well, actually it's pretty predictable in that sense, the only thing I hate is how the cops are portrayed as the &#34;good guys&#34;.
Fact or Faked is a show about 6 people brought together to check out clips or photos of the unexplained, and go investigating whether it's genuine, or a hoax. The group is composed of a former FBI Agent (so he claims) a scientist, a photographer, a stunt FX person, and a couple of other dweebs.The first episode looked promising, they actually did their job and where able to show evidence that what happened in the video was not paranormal at all, but as the episodes progressed, it was like the crew took a turn and started to beleive that lying about facts was better for ratings rather than actually being factual.It also becomes very annoying when they use the same irritating methods of stupid ways to grab viewer attention. It seems every time, without fail, whenever a bunch of video cameras are set up and left unattended, one of them goes blank, or the tripod falls over. This was repeated far too many times for credibility, especially the woman always saying her fresh batteries just died in her walkie talkie.The way these investigations are drawn out is just  irritating after a few episodes, with useless dialog, useless information not relevant to cases, or useless footage that does not need to be seen. The editors really need to be slapped around too, especially the music cues... if someone is playing a sound file where you are supposed to be able to hear a faint ghostly voice in it, then why would they blare music over the top of it? Every-time you see these guys do the &#34;OMG, WHAT WAS THAT SOUND?&#34; thing, music cues are drowning out the actual sounds.... probably because there is nothing actually there.Some cases they investigated where really interesting, and they where able to duplicate footage or photos and debunk them as being anything more than a hoax... but it seems when they come to ghosts and aliens, they seem to beleive anything. In one particular episode they show how lights in the sky can be faked by holding laser lights against a pain of glass you are filming through... then claim it is not what was in the video, because the lights where too steady rather than them holding it... why didn't they try multiple lasers on a tripod then and move the angle positions around? What really ticked me off was at the end of that episode they claim they caught their own moving lights in the sky on camera... most likely using the same method they had shown before by using a glass sheet and laser pen. Who is out to debunk what these guys are calling facts? Just because these guys are supposed to be the experts, don't beleive everything you see on TV, these guys are just after ratings to they can keep being on this show as long as they can, before they go back to trolling youtube videos and saying, &#34;I could have made a better version you fakes&#34;
To many back flashes to suit me. The story line is very good but just get on with the show.
After watching Dora for the last +10 years! I have Kids ages 3-16!Good for kids. Lots of stuff to learn.
$1.99 for this a 2 minute trailer of the 2011 Christmas episode!!. What up with that!! charged for a two minute preview for the episode.
as with most shows, the decline as begun... but it still has it's funny moments... i'll still watch the new season.
This series has a very exciting concept, but lacks the acting skill to pull it off. Dennis Quaid hasn't got the personality to project a simple man of integrity, the land, traditions, etc. His whole demeanor, and his acting forte, just breathes &#34;complicated&#34;, hinting at mysterious depths and quirks. He should stick to roles that play on his strengths. Not to paint him into a stereotype, but he makes a great trickster, hood, playboy, bad boy. Clint Eastwood he is not. John Wayne he is not. Tom Selleck he is not. Serious miscasting here. Too bad.
I really can't write an accurate review as i only watched the first episode of the first season and it couldn't hold my attention..(but then i had just finished watching all the seasons of 'Downton Abbey) and maybe it biased me as i enjoyed the latter so so much.
Orlando Bloom (who also co-produced) is Dr. Martin E. Blake, a first-year resident physician at a California hospital. Young and ambitious Martin is the pride of his family, and thinking of applying for an infectious disease fellowship. Things are not going well these days, however, for the workload is overwhelming and some co-workers are not very cooperative. He even feels slighted especially by a nurse Theresa (Taraji P. Henson).Martin finds a temporary solace in talking with an 18-year-old patient Diane Nixon (Riley Keough). Diane thinks he is a good doctor, but she is on her way to full recovery and will be soon released from hospital. Plus, Martin knows she has a boyfriend waiting for her. So what would Martin do, whose obsessive side begins to show as the story unfolds?Sorry if my review sounds vague, but this has to be so. All I can say is that "The Good Doctor" feels like a well-made two-part TV thriller show of which unique (or incredible) premise you may not take very seriously. While Lance Daly's direction is slick, and cast-against-type Orlando Bloom delivers a solid performance as anxious Dr. Blake, whose obsession gets him involved in unpleasant situations, the film's far-fetched narrative does not convince.Troy Garity appears as easygoing Dan, Martins' colleague; Michael Pe&ntilde;a is Jimmy, an orderly who thinks Martin is too serious; Rob Morrow is Dr. Waylans, Martin's supervising doctor. J. K. Simmons also appears briefly in the film's final act.With Orlando Bloom's chilling performance, "The Good Doctor" feels more like a character-driven drama, than a thriller, and as such it delivers.
All I got was a preview or interview of what the season was about. I didn't get to the third season at all. What's up with that?
So, here's an honest to goodness 3 star &#34;its OK&#34;, meaning its average. Nothing wrong with it, the technical aspects were fine. The story was very interesting to me. What kept it from being more than just OK was mainly my lack of involvement with the characters. They didn't grab me. At all. So, I wasn't invested.  Not sure if it was the acting or the writing of them. The best parts in the film were the flashbacks to the original composer and what went on with him. I would've preferred to see more of that, perhaps another movie.Overall, worth a watch but not during primetime viewing.
I have been watching this show for years, but this season has been pretty disappointing.. for one thing, there were several weeks with no new episodes.  I love the cast, but the story lines are getting weak and old.
Not something I'd see myself rushing to get home to see, but I'm slightly curious to see how the story unfolds. I'm willing to give it a chance.
I like post- apocalyptic genre, and this show has a good spin on the concept. Nothing so overwhelming that the characters cannot do some problem solving and still have something positive to look forward to.
They were busy setting up township in Season 1. I looked forward to season ll and watching them dredge for gold under the sea. I saw some people up on top of Pinnel Mountain in Globe, Arizona do some dredging and I have seen several movies about dredging. It's very interesting.
So after watching the pilot I can see this show going either way.  The brief overview is that a group of strangers find themselves thrown together during what we are led to believe is some sort of end of the world/apocalyptic event.  The timeline is a little unclear, but I have to think the allusion to the fact that the group seems to be missing a day is going to be explained and be pivotal to the plot going forward.The show is very TV-MA with strong language and some partial nudity.  That fact is neither here nor there in my opinion, but just throwing that in there as a heads up if you are watching this with children present... I would advise against it.If you were interested in a comparison to something you may have seen... I would have to say it may be a little Walking Dead with a helping of X-Files but with more of a religious version of the Apocalypse rather than Zombie plague.  Bottom line, I would probably invest in watching at least another two or three episodes and see how it goes before I make a final verdict.  If you're a fan of end of world fiction I'd give it a shot.
If the pilot of a TV show doesn't blow my skirt up, it makes no sense to keep watching the program (especially if I have to pay to stream it commercial-free).I have so many superior TV programs (new and old) that I want to watch, so that means Arrow gets moved off my list.I did keep an open mind, but the storyline is old and the acting is sub-par at best.  The special effects and music are very good, but I need intellectual stimulation to go with that.
I've read most of Alan Furst's novels, and particularly enjoyed some of them. Sadly, this series doesn't do as much as it could on screen. In the first place, they have plenty of time, but much of it is wasted. Chatty scenes that get repetitive break up the action, as does the back and forth between Warsaw and Paris. Okay, the lead character works for the French, doing his best to provide accurate intelligence on German intentions. Of course, his bosses are not agreeable to all the risks he takes, and he takes many that cost people their lives. Nonetheless, our hero plods on. The more interesting character is his driver, a tough guy who is very capable. Also, these scenes are filmed on location but claustrophobic. It would have been nice to see some more expansive views. Thus, this is an okay production with great cinematography, but it needs more drama, more intensity to measure up.
This movie was mildly entertaining - I honestly don't even remember much of the storyline.  I do remember thinking the story was predictable and mindless.  This is a movie you won't miss if you choose not to watch it.
This show was sad. The acting was horrid. The dialogue sounded like it was written by a high school student. Plus the plot is tired. Aren't there already enough shows and movies out there about the apocalypse??? This was definitely one of the worst that I have seen. A complete waste of 54 minutes.
I just can't get by the various English accents in this drama set in Italy, with supposedly Italian characters. And why, if all the men have British accents, do all the women have Italian???
I enjoyed parts of this. I think the actors did a good job. I just don't really see this as going somewhere. It leaves a lot to be desired.
It's a good show and you learn about this psychological disease that affect so many people. But the show can be slow and not as compelling: Needs edited down.
The people on &#34;reality&#34; tv are fake and they encourage our youth to laziness and an inability to use their intelligence for anything but staring dumbly at the television.
Somewhat overstated and it becomes trite if you watch a few episodes.  A bit of this goes a long way.  Perhaps there was contact with aliens; perhaps not, but not everything can be explained with the theory that it has happened.  I quit watching as it got rather boring.
I'm a big fan of a lot of British TV shows and I like Dominic West.  But I couldn't get into this show at all.  I really wanted to like it but it seemed to be dropping breadcrumbs all over the place and never picking them up.  I suppose I had the wrong expectations going into it.
Not an amazing movie, but worth seeing once if you are into comedy dramas. Worth the rental but would not purchase.
Pilot seemed a bit banal in the plot line; characters were somewhat engaging and they may improve over time.  I am willing to watch a couple more episodes to see what happens
Some episodes are interesting... like watching a car crash cleanup. Not sure why people would think at anyone remotely close to whom they portray online - would avoid meeting in person if they are normal, real, and in an emotional relationship with someone they met on the internet.
This series three is taking way too much time on the island of Neverland looking for Henry. It just goes on and on wandering around that island. I'm finding myself not liking this season nearly as well as I did the first two.
Whedon, who put this together, put together the bang up job on the Avengers, also put together Buffy the Vampire Slayer TV series.With Buffy, love the series, but the first season or so was ... meh (okay) ... It was all about the later seasons, where the actors and plot hit it's stride.I'm getting a similar vibe here.  Decent actors for the most part, accents on some of the actors gets annoying.  For whatever reason it seems that accents are obligatory now, not a believer in that.  Put a good actor in, have them read the lines straight up.Their banter isn't up to snuff yet, the inter-relationships a bit predictable, everyone and I mean everyone has at least one major secret banging on the door, trying to get out of the closet.Secrets just seem too.... well, densely packed...  They should have handed out SHIELD scorecards.Still it has it's moments, the set devices (particularly the &#34;bus&#34;) are quite nice.Actors good, characters at this point seem a bit one dimensional, the James Bond type guy stoic, can do it all by myself, don't need anyone else.  His saving grace, he has decent martial arts skills and the fight scenes are generally pretty good.The &#34;rebel&#34;, well, decent eye candy, but very annoying at present, if she had a flag, she'd be waving it all the time.The seasoned spy who doesn't want combat and winds up piloting the &#34;bus&#34;, love that actress, but right now playing an extremely subdued personality type.  Not really using her to effect, but I think that will change.Tweedle-dee and Tweedle-dum, the &#34;Bobsie&#34; (Sp?) twins, beyond annoying... need to come up with a new word for that...  predictable... pendantic... dunno, let me get back on that.Coulson, hero from the Avengers &#34;OH he must never know his secret&#34;, like how he &#34;survived&#34; the Avengers movie after being harpooned and *chuckle* sent to Tahiti?!?Plots....  well, they push the limits sometimes, Can't say a lot here without spoiling the plot for those that haven't seen it yet.I have some faith in Whedon, think it will get better, but also though I've pulled the plug on my TV, I've found a legal source for the episodes where I don't have to pay for them (See Playon, the software product), and doubtless it's available directly off the web site.So, likely will continue to watch, but not continue to pay for this, at this rate a few days / week delay for watching this is fine for me.
This is a film I admired but didn't enjoy.  The casting is terrific and most of the actors squeezed the maximum juice out of what they had to work with in the script.  There are just a few too many cliches with the emotionally perceptive stuff.  If you grew up in a large family or within 100 miles of NYC, perhaps it will hit you in a much more deeply personal way than it did me.  There is no doubt dysfunctional families like this exist.  When they all get together, there will be love but there will also be conflicts.  It's impossible for them to be completely neutral in any argument.
Where to even begin with this? For starters, I guess I could say that while it is nice that females are getting leads in comedies, it is sad that Elizabeth Banks, quite a talented actress, is saddled with this kind of unfunny crap. There were some funny moments, like the opening credits, but it was all downhill from there. The plot has the thinnest of conceits: a local news anchor loses out on a job offer, and goes partying with her girlfriends. Afterwards, she meets a guy who she goes home with and after waking up, she begins her &#34;walk of shame&#34; to try and get back to her job on time. Having such a thin story acts as a double-edged sword. It means we aren't saddled with a lot of narrative detours, but it also means that there really isn't much time for character development. And once the plot kicks in, it's just a series of comic set-pieces, a few of which work, but most of which don't. Oftentimes, the humor they were going for was too awkward and bordered on creepy. They also gave away a lot of the best jokes in the trailer. At the end they try to make up for all of it by having Elizabeth Banks' character give a speech about how it's wrong to assume a girl is a whore based on what she wears. Still, it wasn't enough to erase 80 minutes of racial stereotypes and misogyny (as well as some momentary gay stereotypes). Overall, this movie was about as clich&eacute; as you can get. It was largely devoid of laughs, which is very bad for a supposed &#34;comedy.&#34; No need to shame yourself by watching this garbage, even for the few laughs it did provide.
I love Glee but this was the WORST EPISODE EVER! The entire 5th season is terrible with very few exceptions.
I don't quite understand why some people are calling this pilot biased or propaganda. Yes, the story seems to be following a group of Republican Senators sharing a house while their term is in session, but the writers seemed to take some pretty good potshots at both sides of the political spectrum. I think it's great to see a show like this, especially when political tensions are running high...since both sides need to learn to laugh at themselves a little more.Although you can't tell much from one pilot episode, I'd like to see where the writers plan to go with all this in future episodes.
After watching this season, I went brain dead and didn't realize how bad this season was till I bought Season 14 out of boredom and of course got hooked into another season.  Made me realize how bad and lame Season 15 was. Season 14 rocked, absolute ruthless gameplay the way the show should be.  No Showmances and idiots.  Wish I could get a Season 15 refund.  Watch BB14 for some classic drama the way it's always been in BB.
Well made cop drama, nothing I can complain about but also nothing I can think of that would make me need to watch it.
Not much to look at. A straight ad. Some pretty sights but not worth the time it took to watch
This show didn't make me laugh out loud a single time. But: it was amusing, and I really liked the premise (two generally decent guys who work office jobs for an evil galactic empire). The writing was pretty solid, but there were points where attempts to be funny ended up being off-putting. The show wasn't as charming as it thought it was, but it was still pretty decent. I like the main character (or at least the guy I think is the main character) and his motivations, and I think they could tell a compelling story for a while. It's worth watching through, because you will likely find it at least somewhat enjoyable (most people seem to be reviewing it alright).It's something where--if there was a season or two out there--I'd watch it over the course of a week or so, enjoy it, and never really think of it again. That's not a bad thing. Long story short: it's got potential to be a fun show, but not necessarily one I'd rave about. I'd definitely watch more of it.
This may be a promising, interesting series but the accents are so pronounced, it is irritating to try to watch since I don't understand half of what is said....not a good idea on series needing to figure &#34;who dun it!&#34;
Season 2 is much better made than its predecessor, season 1. However even though season 1 is not as well-made as season 2, acting and plot is still basically the same. In episode 02 of lizard man a person will die and the actor who played a rescue man will have a wide smile on his face before/ right after proposing that the person is deceased. This season does have repeating monsters, but I think it was still all right. At times when we get to see the monster usually it's done too cheesy and the plot at times is also ridiculous. Like for example in the last episode, in total darkness, in total madness a guy who made hoax, told his friend to get separated to find another person and meet in 20 minutes. Seriously considering what was supposed to be happening no idiot would do that and no smart man alike. Would like to see season 3 and how different it is. No high hopes. The stories are still made out of some facts and lots of imagination.
I bought this dvd and 5 other seasons on the recommendation of my back doctor. So, far the first episode has been very dry and dull. The second episode picked up nicely. I am up to the fifth episode and still unsure about this show. At times, it's a series about a psychotic serial killer with morals. Other times, it's about a man who has no feelings but shows emotions like anger, frustration and fear. Oh, and there's the relationship between the main character and his damaged girlfriend. Who he feels is as damaged as he is. Now, I do hope these are not considered spoilers, as they are the central focus of the series it seems. There are more things going on in the series, such as his past relationship with his foster father, he relationship with his foster sister, his relationship with his coworkers etc. At this time, I can see the character developing into a very interesting but bizarre person. And of course the series will follow suit. We hope. After all, I have 6 seasons to watch. Can I recommend this series, sort of. I am not quite certain it is for everyone. It's growing on me though. So, I gave it three stars. Perhaps I should give it four, but time will tell.Ralph J. Fitcher.
This is one I really expected to love.  I am crazy about anything Margo Martindale does.  She's a genius.  Now you add amazing comic talents like Beau Bridges, Will Arnett, and JB Smoove, and you should have one pants-wettingly funny show.  Unfortunately, it just misses the mark for me.  Everyone seems to be trying a bit too hard.  You can almost smell the flop-sweat through the screen. The writing is the same stale, boiler plate sitcom fare we've been seeing for decades.  The adult son, controlling mother, cranky father was done before, and infinitely better on Everybody Loves Raymond.  The other thing that really hurts this show is the 1980's era laugh track.  Most successful comedies seem to be getting away from using laugh tracks.  If the jokes are funny, you don't need one, and if they aren't funny, the laugh track just makes it all the more obvious.  With all the talent in this ensemble cast, they deserve some fresher writing.
Phoenix plays a character very similar to the lethargic James Dean or early Brando.  It took me over half the movie to get used to him and appreciate the character.  I can't say I enjoyed it, but again, I appreciated his acting.  Paltrow, well, pretty and pouty - anyone could have played her part. Interesting ending that would be worth the argument at a party with a bunch of opinionated men and women. Hey, that might be a reason to watch it!  There ya go!
Technically poor, disjointed story in which nothing much happens and what does is not worth bothering with. I didn't finish it. Nuff said.
Very good well written series,  so sorry it didn't work out. I would have like to see what happen in season 3.
The story line has potential, but some of the acting is not quite as good as I would like. Some of the story line leaves a little to be desired. For example, people discovering things that are relevant to their plight, but not telling others right away (the egg for example). You have to ask why?It is a good escape though and I do watch it, but after watching more interesting shows.
This movie is one of the worst i have ever seen. But Im  not sure what i expected from the title. I was wondering how people got away with selling drugs. All this was is a diary of a few drug addicts and dealers.
Although this is South Park meets Seinfeld quality stories, the characters are very predictable and the actual story lines get stale. Can't watch more than one or two at any time...
'The First 48' offers an interesting view of psychological profiling. The emphasis is not on sensationalism but the efforts to find the offenders. Included are personal aspects of both the victims and perpetrators.  This is the second of the two seasons offered on Amazon Prime. Since this is a TV series, there is repetition (noted in another review) that allows time for commercials. Note that this is an A&E; Network production and is a better quality than other productions in this genre.  Most episodes involve two different criminal investigations and others address a single incident. The episodes take place in different cities and feature homicide detectives from that area. Emotions run the gamut from tragic to humorous. The narrator gives a description and an explanation that is easy to follow. If you like this genre, the portrayal and cases are well presented. The name is derived from that 48 hour window after an investigation begins. Each episode ends with this quote: ". . . presumed innocent until proven guilty." The 'presumed' means not 'proven' or not 'solved.' There are not always 'complete answers.' If you want 'absolutes,' this series will be disappointing.One might wonder at the seemingly endless availability and types of firearms used. Knives and other means of murder? The choice of weapon offers an interesting insight into human behavior and emotion.Dekalb County, Georgia _ When a twelve year old boy is shot, the detective comments: "Seems like nowadays things are settled with knives and guns."
While not strictly a SK fan, I have read some good stories of his. As usual, TV/movie adaptations tend to stray from the original story line. I have not read the SK book Under the Dome, but most reviews I have read indicate that in this case, the only similarity to the book is the names of the characters. Having said that, all I can add is that this seems to be a poorly written script combined with even poorer acting.  Forget about the "effects". If the writing and acting were good, they could carry the show on their own, but in this case, not even fantastic effects could save the show. Like I said, Not For Me.  For those of you prepared to suffer it out just because it's "free" under Prime, great, enjoy.
Don't waste your time on this series.  It's like watching one of the stupid daytime soap operas that never go anywhere.
We watched the pilot, it was okay...enough to make us curious about a second episode.  So we started the second episode and about 10 minutes in while they are investigating a crime involving a stripper they go into the strip club and then the dealbreaker for us was when the female deputy gets up on stage in full uniform and starts dancing around the stripper pole, undressing and down on her knees to supposedly get information out of the male patrons.  It was so lame and once a show has to objectify their female professional lead in such an unrealistic way...we are out.  It means lazy writing and that they are targeting an audience that we don't belong to.
Please don't waste your money and our time. Move on to a better story. This show is horrible and can't get any better.
I'm old enough to remember the old ironside and I LOVE Blair Underwood, so I thought that this would be a great series. I can't honestly even begin to wonder what they were thinking when they wrote the script. Horrible at best. I'll let you decide. I watched the whole thing hoping it would somehow get better towards the end, didn't happen. Total waste of my money.
But I couldn't--it was interminable.  Needs a new script writer. Really really slow. Characters are flat and uninteresting.  What makes a show, no matter what genre, is good character development, and maybe these would perk up.  But the lines they've got to work with!  Come on!  Pretty cop, pretty actress, pretty prostitute--various male character types.  An angry innocent con escapee (black)?  Saying things that are totally inane. Also agree with person who said logic is missing in plot. I gave it a 2 instead of a 1 because at least there didn't seem to be gratuitous swearing.  And by the way, I adore post-apocalyptic movies, but only when the character interaction is fresh and deep.
I was hoping to find this inspirational health-wise but instead I was bombarded by foul language, particularly the f word over and over.  I was very disappointed, I turned it off.
It is almost impossible to give an honest opinion of a new show by seeing the first, &#34;Pilot&#34; episode. I enjoyed the pilot and I am waiting to see the next episode.
good plot, but it maintains an apathetic drudgery and monotony,  I feel like not watching it any more and have to leave it for a while.
Review of the program content is another issue. I had to watch this due to spousal-pressure and it's not really something I enjoy wathcing...too much gossip and drama for people who have everything.My comment is on the streaming service by Amazon Instant Video. The audio quality of the video did not match up, meaning that the words were not in sych with the movement of the lips. No biggie if you're not watching too closely and just listening, but it is a little awkward.
I really liked the idea of getting kids thinking about inventions and how things work, but then the rest of the show talks down to them with low-brow humor. The timing or editing was also off. It was like watching a high school play where everyone was assigned a part without having auditions. There are some good child actors in the cast with potential and the idea of the maker subculture sounds great. Keep the projects realistic and don't dumb it down with toilet humor and it could be saved.
Everything has to start somewhere but as a viewer there is only so much nostalgia one can have for sci-fi.  Thus is a 50 year old season and it shows.  Campy at best.  If you want a good starting point for Dr. Who I suggest starting with Dr. #3 in app 1970.  This is also the start of color. That being said seeing Cybermen as an original 'bad guy' shows the connection to the past.
I really enjoyed season ONE of SMASH, but like Hollywood bigwigs always seem to do, - they messed with something that wasn't broken! They changed so much of what was great in season one, (AND had the arrogance and audacity to make the viewers wait 6 freaking months between seasons) that they deserve to have the show cancelled. Let this be a lesson to Hollywood networks....HAVE SOME RESPECT FOR YOUR VIEWERS! Shame on them.
Two-and-a-half stars. I almost liked this movie. Started out intriguing, then with a shock. But there were just too many questions I had and I'll start with this: yes, spoilers. If I discovered what Em discovered about her neighbor, I'd get the hell outta that house pronto! There were also several other things that just made no sense. Okay, another spoiler: it would seem like a mental institution would have security throughout the entire building, including hidden cameras. So as the story progressed, I admired the good acting, but not the plot. Just nonsense. It's up to you, but I wasted my money.
I HAVE NOT YET VIEWED THIOS SERIES but I hope it will continue to surprise me the odd episode I have seen made me purchase the series to get a good feel for the series.
This film has a reflective undertow. It spends quite a long time casually making the journey to the infected zone. There is only the banter of a film-journalist and a blonde ( who he's tactfully trying to get off with) and stoic mexicans,almost taking for granted the monsters in their midst. There is deceptively good film-making going on because in other hands the script and plot would have become innane; it is more nuanced than it appears.It is a good film but my interest sagged probably because my idea of the film isn't its aims. For me, the film felt pregnant with metaphor. For example,  they are not monsters but an allegory for an inner state of mind etc....That is the film should have developed the meanings or possabilities of its reflective under-tow when the monsters appeared , but didn't. ( The female also became dumber in it )
This is part of the pilots that are being tested. This one was decent for a first try, I am not sure how much I would be interested in watching it if it became a series, but I would not totally be opposed to trying it out.
This movie needs to &#34;Take a HIKE&#34; right on out duh Amazon instant video section, and never come back....it is plain out too bad to even explain why....
I won't write you a &#34;book&#34; on this one, others have already done that. This was one well done series, in just about any aspect. Well written, it even &#34;looked&#34; good- unlike the typical SYFY Saturday movie. I always wondered why religion came into the plot line the last couple of seasons, negatively portrayed at that, but maybe the writers were running out of material. Well written even if you don't like the subject matter sometimes, or the enemy ( I &#34;liked&#34; the Goa'uld- seasons 1-8, better than the Ori- 9-10, and even then the stories had something to them.Start at the beginning of the series, not the end, and always be sure to watch the extras each season.This was the best of the three Stargate series.
The first few episodes were ok, the story lines were interesting enough, and it wasn't overly sensational. However, the series has degenerated into adrenaline-junkie fodder, and with no intellectual layers to the story line, there is nothing here but chaos. It feels more like a video game than a television show.
Pretty much like a car crash in slow motion. Wrong on so many levels. The cultural value of cheesecake icecream shakes. Seriously? I'm watching this? I hate myself, and I need to go read a book. Sigh. :/
Totally stupid show . Spencer is a talentless actor , Kinney has the acting ability and personality of a brick wall , the rest of the cast is wooden and as for the stories , oh yeah there are none . Brain dead series for a brain dead audience .
Some movies need to be seen even if they aren't necessarily great movies. "Sky Captain and the Land of Tomorrow" would be one of those titles. Is it a great movie? No. But it's a great achievement. Never was there a movie before that looked or felt like it. The visuals are stunning and it somehow manages to achieve a look that is both futuristic and retro 40s at the same time. "Metropia" is also such a movie.This is an animated movie....kind of. I've not read up on the technique, but it looks as though there is live action melded in with animation. The look itself is intriguing. Add to that the fact that the characters have oversized heads and it crosses over into creepy. It takes place in a dystopian future and the production design depicting the various indoor and outdoor scenery also has a very disquieting look.Similar to "Brazil" and "Metropolis" the viewer is faced with a repressive society where the population is being controlled and monitored. Now even the shampoo is working its way into our minds to help the process. The main character, Roger, hears voices that he's beginning to suspect are not the result of mental instability. When he hooks up with "The Shampoo Girl" he becomes involved in a plot to take the whole rotten mess down.The plot is OK. Aside from a couple of twists, there is nothing particularly clever in the way things unwind. It is good enough though to hold the viewer's interest. What really works are the visuals. This is simply mesmerising. I've never seen anything even nearly like it. It also profits by the use of good voices. Vince Gallo, Juliette Lewis, Udu Kier et al help move things forward. The sound design is also good. It helps add to the oppressiveness of it all.If you're into the weird and wonderful in films. If you're wanting to see the possibilities in film making, then this is a must see. If you're waiting for the next "American Pie" installment, don't bother.
I had big expectations because I love English TV, in particular Investigative and detective stuff but this guy is really boring. It didn't appeal to me at all.
Its okay just to kill time when you don't have anything and I mean anything to fill your time. Not very intertaining.
The story of privledged, rich white people with &#34;issues&#34; in California - yuck.  These shows work if there's some element of soulfulness in them and this show had none.  The characters were universally unlikeable, whiny and bizarrely messed up.  Not fun to watch.
I really don't think this was some of his best work. I am more of a Madea lover. Would rather laugh than be confused
My first question is how can Ichybod's police partner stand to have him in the same car with her. Ichybod (an intentional misspelling) is still wearing the same cloths that he was wearing when he crawled out of the hole he was buried in for over 200 years and he still looks just as dirty. I could go on but I think the other reviewers that gave it a low rating pretty well covers it.
I love Cillial Murphy and I have thouroughly enjoyed every film he has participated in but this film is one of the worst of his career. But, don't get me wrong it is not horrible either. If you are a fan of his work try 28 days later or Sunshine, 2 of his best.
I don't like this show. I tried it but not worth my time. I know a lot of people love it but its jaunt not my thing.
The series &#34;History's Verdict&#34; provides some interesting and little known insights into the lives of the principle personalities of World War II. It seems that an attempt to be balanced was made but may not have always been entirely successful. I liked the idea for a series like this now that enough time has passed to allow a clearer view of these people and events. The troubling part of this particular production is that it appears that for each installment an inordinate weight of the &#34;final verdict&#34; rests on the assessment of a single historian. In an ideal world historians would be totally unbiased and even. In reality, however, historians have a point they are trying to make and this is anything but even and unbiased. I would like to have seen a larger number of opinions used in coming to the conclusions presented.
Not so funny. This appears to be the second tier of comedians. If you are looking for something to laugh out loud with, continue looking.
Butters becomes a pimp after seeing the potential business opportunities when he pays a girl $5 for his first kiss as a means of shutting up the others who are making fun of him. Butters is again taking hold of a business opportunity after the boys are required to read a controversial book at school. Etc. However, after awhile South Park becomes tiring - best kept at a once a week dosage.
The film opens up with the characters sitting cleverly in a "Last Supper" pose. They are introduced grindhouse style which was awkwardly inserted into the opening credits. Our group of exorcists come from various religious backgrounds. They maintain themselves in a state ready for damnation in case they must entice a demon for self possession followed by a quick suicide. Our holy men swear profusely, drink, do drugs, engage in adultery, homosexuality, and gluttony.  In a Ghostbusters plot steal, they are attempting to save NYC and the world from the apocalypse while fitting eviction.  They ride public transportation.The film outline is great. However it lacked decent dialog under all the swearing which grows old. The climax scene couldn't bring it together and lacked the entertainment value of earlier scenes. I kept imagining how well this could have been as a Coen brothers' film with Jeff Bridges, John Goodman, Woody Harrelson, Zach Galifianakis, Winona Ryder, Steve Buscemi, Michael Madsen, and James Franco.Parental Guide: Excessive swearing. Photo nudity.
Shaky cams are OUT. This has become the WORST GIMMICK in all of cinema in recent years. That facet of this flick knocks off 1-star... So down to 4. What's to be expected? Some Low-Fi campy gore. VHS 2 features 4 short vignettes that tie-in to a larger story arc.The 1st segment is pretty interesting. A stereotypical hipster gets an eye implant and gains the ability to see the dead. This works because of the interesting science fiction technology that is woven into the story.The 2nd segment is the one that is most impressive. It's an entertaining POV zombie romp that is both hilarious and gruesome. Had every story been this good, this movie could have been 5 star material. Cool sidenote: this was directed by the original co-director and producer of The Blair Witch Project.The 3rd and 4th segment is where this movie falls apart. Whereas the 3rd is a halfway decent take on a Jim Jones style religious megalomaniac, the 4th and last story FUBAR'd the rest of VHS 2. It's the worst alien invasion piece I have seen in years. The costumes, actors, and general misfire of this chapter poisoned everything that came before it.The larger story arc is bland and forgettable, which is the way horror anthologies tend to unravel. Overall, this is a solid 3-star popcorn movie. Not worth watching more than once.
While I liked the show, I didn't like the people in it and that made it uncomfortable to watch it.
While not too many programs take place in Tech space, I don't feel compelled to see more episodes. I think I found the supporting characters a bit more interesting than the Main ones.
Wow, this movie is bad beyond belief. It's so bad that after struggling to watch it for 20 minutes I decided that if the world ended in a few minutes, there is no way in hell I'd want to die watching this. Bye money, bye film.To start with, I could hardly hear what the actors were saying. In part this was due to their mumbling, and in part due to noise or music played over their voices. Now, I haven't got a clue how you make soundtracks. That's why I don't make them. The moral is: if you're going to charge people money for something, you need to have some clue - some inkling - of how to make that thing.The video quality was awful too, but that may have been Amazon's fault. Sometime's streaming is like that. It did look though like it was recorded on VHS. In this day and age, that's a miracle.I managed to figure out that one of the main characters had visions of something, possibly some beings from outer space, who instructed him to do stuff and told him about the future. These visions, ugh, how can I explain this. Think the 70s-80's. Think, again, of VHS. Think made for TV. Think infomercials. Think of an ad for Vegas/timeshares/used cars. Think of the cheesiest low budget thing made that would fit into those categories. Now you have some idea of just how godawful these bits were.Twenty minutes in, nauseous, I quit.There is no way that any of the glowing reviews are true. No way. This is not a matter of personal opinion. Not unless the reviewer is the filmmaker's mother AND is high at the time of viewing.I'm posting this review as a public service, to counteract the misleading 4-5 star reviews that came before me and created a high rating which led me to watch this. Save your money and save your time. I wasted money but at least I walked away.
"Sanctuary" has always been a murky, shadowy series, but the second season makes everything much, much darker -- death, insanity, and the biggest baddest Abnormal since... well, ever. The handling of the Cabal and Ashley are pretty clumsy, though the stories that follow are more solid and intense than those of the first season.In the aftermath of the Cabal's worldwide attack, the gang encounters a young con artist named Kate Freelander (Agam Darshi), who has been hired by the Cabal. But when Magnus (Amanda Tapping) and Will (Robin Dunne) go hunting for the Cabal's headquarters, they encounter Ashley (Emilie Fullerup).. who is leading an all-out assault on the Sanctuary.The Sanctuary gang also have to take in hundreds of new Abnormal refugees, in addition to their usual problems -- a future scenario filled with cannibalistic zombies, a flying superhero, Henry's old flame is attacked by a peaceful Abnormal, a vampire squid, a rageaholic Abnormal mob boss, and a gang of trust-fund vampires. Even worse, Druitt (Christopher Heyerdahl) seems to have returned to his "Jack the Ripper" ways, and Magnus seems to be going insane after shooting Bigfoot (Heyerdahl again).And a trip to Mumbai goes horribly wrong when Will becomes the host to a bizarre Abnormal, which connects him to Big Bertha, a vast, ancient Abnormal "who raises the seas and shakes the land." Problem is, someone else wants that power instead.Maybe it's just my imagination, but "Sanctuary Season 2" seems considerably darker than the first season (although it has more sunlight). It starts off rather wobbly for the first few episodes, which are basically devoted to writing both Ashley and the Cabal out of the story -- and it's done in a painfully contrived manner, especially since the Cabal seemed to be the Big Arc Villain.Fortunately the standalone episodes, and the ones involved with Big Bertha, are far better -- lots of buttkicking action, gruesome murder (knives, spores, zombies), some truly bizarre abnormals, and the usual gothic gloom and rainy skies. But there's still an undercurrent of quirky humor (Henry and Bigfoot go off to geek it up at Comic-Con... especially since nobody notices the Big Guy there). And the whole episode with the Adjustor was just hilarious.Tapping has some of her most brilliant performances here -- grief, paranoia, struggles with her ex-lover's killer nature, and even the possible loss of the Sanctuary network. Heyerdahl is amazing as both the bloodthirsty Druitt and the gentle (if grumpy) Bigfoot; Dunne is awesome as the gentle, intelligent Will (as well as the hardened, cold "future Will"), and Ryan Robbins gets a great episode devoted to Henry's personal issues.The one false note: Kate. Darshi is a good actress and the character has promise, but why replace the annoying blonde with an equally annoying brunette? Fortunately, there are some excellent guest stars -- Michael Shanks, Erica Cerra, and the villainously hot Calum Blue."Sanctuary Season Two" has some stumbling blocks (I want more Cabal!), but the actors are still brilliant and the storylines are picking up. Worth seeing despite the wobbly first few episodes.
It was ok of a series I just did not like the story line, John Ritter was great though so if you like him I think you should watch it.
This was one of the most mind numbing movies I have ever seen. Cary Grant did the best he could with this plot and his costar...don't waste your time or money!
This is a kind of dumb, lightly entertaining movie with two mis-cast leading actors.  He does not match her in any way and imagining them fall in love is just creepy.  Sorry, it wasn't the best movie, but I didn't turn it off so I gave it a three.
Team-up films don&#8217;t always need to about two high-profile stars working together.  They can be combative, pitting one star against the other.  We&#8217;ve seen it in recent films, like The Heat, We&#8217;re the Millers, and This Is The End.  Clearly, recent trends indicate team-up endeavors are an effective method of cinematic success.  Seth Rogen, a huge movie star in his own right, has starred in such pictures, including Pineapple Express, Zack and Miri Make a Porno, and 50/50, in which he starred alongside James Franco, Elizabeth Banks, and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.  His new co-star, Zac Efron, is relatively new to the field of comedy (and attempting to shed his teenybopper image), only recently starring in the comedy, That Awkward Moment (another team-up film).  Now, Seth Rogen and Zac Efron find themselves rivaling one another in Neighbors.Directed by Nicholas Stoller (Forgetting Sarah Marshall, Get Him to the Greek), Neighbors stars Seth Rogen as Mac Radner and Rose Byrne as his wife, Kelly.  Mac and Kelly are proud new parents, though they realize they&#8217;re basically lost their youthful ambitions.  However, the (unwanted) spice in their life returns when a fraternity purchases and moves into the house next door &#8211; run by house president, Teddy Sander (Zaf Efron).Mac and Kelly immediately identify the difficulties that will be associated with living next to a frat house.  The parties will be frequent and often loud into the night.  Naturally, they couple&#8217;s fears are quickly confirmed when the noise level is more than they can bare.  To their credit, both Mac and Kelly want to avoid being that lame couple that constantly has to voice complaints, and attempt to be friendly &#8211; but when they are left no other option but to call the cops on their new acquaintances, a prank-filled war breaks out between neighbors.The concept set-forth by Neighbors is far from original &#8211; playing off countless frat films that usually pit one fraternity against the other.  Obviously, in this case, the scenario is residentially oriented and doesn&#8217;t deviate much from the neighborhood.  Realistically, try to imagine what would happen if a fraternity moved in next door to you.  Sure, if you&#8217;re of the younger generation &#8211; it might be celebratory at first, but kids like to party and party often.  Too many sleepless nights will eventually turn tame neighbors against the festive ones.  And, in this film, Zac Efron and his housemates, including familiar faces, Dave Franco and Christopher Mintz-Plasse, waste little time getting under the skin of suburbanized Rogen and Byrne.Both Seth Rogen and Zac Efron are equally appealing commercially (undoubtedly in different ways), yet there is something about this story that&#8217;s far too irresponsible to ignore.  A borderline overweight suburban father, and his foul mouth bride, against a pretty, popular, and seemingly flawless individual is an enticing storyline.  However, the balance between impracticality and logic creates feelings of imbalance throughout this picture.  Rogen and Byrne&#8217;s characters struggle mightily with responsibility &#8211; one minute desiring to be ideal parents, while the next they are drinking, chowing down on shrooms, and dropping f-bombs as though there&#8217;s no other word in the dictionary.Oddly enough, Zac Efron is the outstanding lead in this film, easily sparkles above the unorthodox, awkward pairing of Rogen and Byrne.  The undesirable typecasting of Efron in silly, sappy love stories is hopefully in the rearview mirror &#8211; especially after viewing him in this particular and outlandish setting.  There are several moments, however, where he&#8217;s treated as nothing more than a pretty face &#8211; in multiple instances the story calls for him to shamelessly have no shirt on.  Aside from that, he&#8217;s allotted time to show off his dance moves in a rave-like dance-off with Rogen, and eventually his dramatic skills when he finds himself in a verbal showdown with Dave Franco.  All in all, despite Efron&#8217;s personal setbacks, this role should have his career moving in the right direction.As for the general state of the film&#8217;s comedy &#8211; Neighbors pales in comparison to classic school-based immaturity flicks, like American Pie, Porky&#8217;s, and Animal House.  From the movie trailers, Neighbors looks &#8216;laugh-out-loud&#8217; funny, but moderately disappoints and surprisingly lacks in the memorability department.  A handful of notable scenes include a ridiculous scene where Rogen is forced to milk Byrne, another where the frat members make their own dildos in order to sell for house profit, and finally, the random airbag scenes (Efron&#8217;s character plants airbags strategically throughout Rogen&#8217;s house and workplace).  While those particular scenes might tickle your funny bone (depending on your sense of humor), there&#8217;s nothing here that will make you fall out of your seat with crippling hilarity.Overall, Neighbors is a film about college kids getting older and a married couple facing a near midlife crisis, full of predictability and boredom.  The partying and hijacks play a role in the outcome of the film, but there&#8217;s greater forces at work here than in your typical, pointless teen drinking movies.  Seth Rogen and Rose Byrne are acceptable and create momentary shades of laughter, while Zac Efron continues to prove he&#8217;s a credible rising star on the Hollywood landscape.  Still, Neighbors could have used an injection of laughs &#8211; or at least something more substantial than a baby with a condom in her mouth or a married couple making sexual gestures on a shrubbery.  Regardless, this is a solid comedy that will do its job and entertain you for its short (90 minute) runtime.GRADE:  C+FNDNreview.com
Almost like they decided what was working in an EXCELLENT season 1, just 'wasn't good enough', and decided to make it 'better' - slower paced?; less energy? Can't quite figure it out!Still a very smart show. Love it ... gotta love those Lucy legs! :-)
I was'nt sure what to expect from the show, I'm not so much a sci fi chick as a supernatural one. It has promise. If the charecters are allow to develop and they keep the story line fresh it could turn out to be a real winner.
Come Out and Play (Makinov, 2012)I first heard about the Spanish exploitation/horror flick Who Can Kill a Child? When Eli Roth touted it in a Five Films segment on the late (and much-lamented, at least at Goat Central) Rotten Tomatoes Show. At the time&#8212;this was probably five years ago now as I write this in November 2013&#8212;it was pretty much impossible to find in the United States Fast-forward to 2013 and I still haven't managed to catch the original. Unfortunately, I was unaware that Come Out and Play, directed by one Makinov (rumor has it this is Mexican director Gerardo Naranjo under a pseudonym, but I have not seen firm confirmation of that yet), was a shot-by-shot remake of Who Can Kill a Child? until I was about ten minutes into it. By that time I figured I would give it a shot, no pun intended. While I watched, I half-perused the vitriol unleashed at the movie on the IMDB message boards. I didn't hate it nearly as much as a lot of people did, it would seem. But then, I repeat, I haven't seen the original. For all I know they are completely justified, and let's face it, how often are shot-by-shot remakes successful? (Let's put aside the woeful remakes that would have been infinitely better had their directors opted for that approach.)Plot: the members of The Offspring... no, I kid (though I have had that song going through my head for hours now). A young married couple, Francis (The Lake House's Ebon Miss-Bachrach) and Beth (Vinessa Shaw from the The Hills Have Eyes remake), are taking one last vacation before they become parents, looking to get away from it all on a secluded island. When they get there, they notice a few kids fishing on the pier, but don't see any adults. They think nothing of it and head for their hotel, which is, again, oddly deserted. Eventually they realize there's a pattern here.My favorite thing about the movie, by far, was Makinov's attempts to get that seventies vibe going. There's a scene where a character is trapped in a radio hut with frosted windows, and you see hands banging the windows over and over again. That's nice stuff, right there, and for the most part there was no attempt to go young-and-beautiful with this cast (that would have actually not made a great deal of sense&#8212;after all, if your &#8220;adults&#8221; are only a few years older than your kids...). That, too, contributes to the seventies atmosphere. On the other hand, and this may seem contradictory, one of the few reasons one would consider watching a remake instead of just going back and watching the original is seeing how a director will take advantage of the updated technology available thirty-five years later to come up with gorier special effects. And yes, I'm the first to admit I'd probably be yelling at him for destroying the atmosphere if he actually had, but I end up asking the usual question: why did this movie need to get made in the first place?It's rather pretty, save some ridiculous, overdone scenes (wait till you see the hilarious opening shot of the end credits), and the acting is at least competent, but there's nothing here that would set this apart from about three hundred other horror films currently on Netflix Instant that either never made it to theaters in your area or never made it into theaters at all, and they all have the advantage of not being remakes. This is one of those &#8220;if you're drunk and have nothing better to do on a Friday night...&#8221; selections. **
First off, let me say, I am not a fan of hand held first person POV movies. It started off with the Blair Witch Project, and I have hated films like it ever since. But something about the trailer to this one looked interesting, and I'm glad I didn't turn my nose up at this one now. V/H/S starts off with the POV cam type of thing where a few guys are smashing things up, and preying on women by ganging up on her and forcing her to allow them to expose her body on cam. I think it was something about them getting paid to do that for money to sell it to internet site perverts and sickos, or something about that. I have a feeling this might be why so many reviews here are for 1 star, because at this point of the movie I was ready to turn it off too and dismiss this as being a POS if this was what the movie was going to be about.Luckily I held in there and got past that crap, and the story gets better as these guys are asked to break into a house somewhere and steal a VHS tape. These idiots record themselves doing this, but that's when this thing starts to get better. As a couple of the guys explore this house looking for a specific tape, another one is left to view what tapes have been left around to try and figure out which tape it is this person who has asked for it wants.One by one they start watching a tape left in this house, and it then shows the footage of what is on the tapes. Each tape is something different, that is horrific, weird and paranormal. It's kind of like little short horror movies, each being different, but each being shot from a hand held camera, or vacation type of video.It ranges from a couple of voyeurs who try to expose the wrong girl, to a couple on vacation who probably should have given a kid a ride, next is a Blair Witch knock off of a killer who can't be filmed for some reason, to a haunted house where something strange is happening upstairs. I think there was more?Overall, by the end of the film, I thought it was a pretty decent movie. It didn't try to claim the footage was supposedly real, so I went in without that seed of wanting to roll my eyes at everything and say &#34;who are these filmmakers trying to kid?&#34; but surprisingly I'm saying the opposite to what I often think of a lot of movies, and that is the first half of this movie is not so great, but the second half picks up and really goes full steam ahead with some decent short stories.the end scene is a bit of a let down, as it pretty much had the same ending as Blair Witch, which by the way, did I mention I fricken hate that #1 over-hyped P.O.S? Or does #1 go to Paranormal Activity? Hmmm... hard choice. So by saying that, if you too hated those movies, and these Cloverfield kind of shot films, then take my word and just give this one a go. Maybe skip the first 10 minutes or so, it's useless footage if you ask me, but once the ball starts rolling, you might be like me and actually find that there is a lot more here then just an attempt at a cheaply made movie. I don't think this one was as cheap as some people might think?Actually, I think I know what it is that makes me like this more than the other ones I mentioned now... it's probably because it actually shows things, whether it be by SFX, CGI or camera tricks, at least they show you kills, ghosts, and decent FX shots. Unlike Blair Witch or P.A movies where you expect to see something, and there is nothing there to see but someone being thrown across the screen on wires and you are expected to be scared simply by noise effects and screaming. This one shows the lot, and is an enjoyable ride to the end.Give a rent or DL at least before dismissing it as just another cheap attempt at low budget horror.
Season one was better.  It seems like the writers are getting desperate to find to angles and twists.  This show should have been a one hit wonder making us want more instead of wishing we hadn't bought the whole season!
I watched this show with my husband for a while.He watched more than I did and thought it was okay for pre teens but just too silly for most adults.I guess if we were eleven or so we would have enjoyed it.
But they really have turned the Doctor into a god who has powers extraordinaire...  gone are the days of simple problem solving and mystery investigations.  Still, I enjoy watching it.  It seems like the twist of this season could be interesting with the girl who saved his life and him trying to figure out who she is/was.
Welcome to the Punch is written and directed by Eran Creevy - if the name isn't familiar to you, you're not alone - this is only his second feature (his first, Shifty, earned him a BAFTA award and a few other nominations).  It features James McAvoy (I'm becoming a big fan of his) and Mark Strong (another great actor - you may recognize him as the villain in Kick-Ass).The story at it's core is a cat and mouse game between a detective and the thief that got away by shooting (and crippling) the detective years before.  However, like many British crime flicks, there is much more than meets the eye.In terms of story, it's serviceable, although I do think it has more twists and turns than it ultimately needs, sometimes tying itself into knots.  The characters (mainly the two leads) are interesting and have personalities and vulnerabilities.  This movie really shines through with the visuals though.  It's got that new school 'blue tint' which I'm not a fan of, but there are a lot of beautiful shots to be seen here.  I'd say that Creevy's technical expertise shows more than his penmanship.I still think it's worth a watch, if you're in the mood for a gritty, British thriller.Final Score: 3/5
"All Good Things" was directed by Andrew Jarecki and stars Ryan Gosling and Kirsten Dunst as the couple, David (Ryan Gosling) and Katie Marks (Kirsten Dunst). Inspired by the life of Robert Durst, this story tells the tale of a real estate heir whose wife disappears. This film is based on a real unsolved mystery and provides speculation of what may have occurred based on tons of research, interviews, and a lengthy courtroom transcript.David and Katie begin in love as opposites attract, him being from a rich family and she being a working class student. They move away from the city and try to open a health food store but are lured back by David's father (played by Frank Langella) to join the family business. David talks to himself often and witnessed his mother's death at a young age. He views Katie as the perfect woman because he could do anything and she loved him. Their differences come between them about whether to have children and Katie's desire to go to med school and two months away from graduation when she contemplates divorcing him, she disappears.Ryan Gosling was an excellent casting choice for the role of David because he can show some charm and justification for why a girl might fall for him (as in "Blue Valentine") and then flip it on its head and explore all these behaviors of the character as he gets progressively more disturbing. Kirsten Dunst as Katie is a charismatic beautiful young woman who can instantly put people at ease and transitions into a lethargic emotional mess over time. They have good chemistry together and sell that the couple was in love initially before things got complicated. What is most intriguing about the film is David's behavior AFTER Katie's disappearance when he goes into hiding dressing in disguise.This film was pushed back several times after being filmed in 2008 and slated for a release in 2009 and finally ended up in limited released in December 2010 and is now coming out on Blu-ray and DVD. It is strange that this story about a relationship that doesn't quite work anymore didn't catch any attention around the same time that "Blue Valentine" was released which got lots of attention for Ryan Gosling and Michelle Williams.Bonus Features:All Good Things - Truth in Fiction is a half hour feature that reveals how much of the story came out of courtroom documents from Bob Durst's testimony. They gathered together several sources and interviews to try and piece together a 360 degree view of what may have happened in speculation. Some of the dialogue in the film is directly from these interviews. They researched for two and a half years before starting filming. Kirsten Dunst met with the Durst family and learned a great deal about her character. There is twenty minute feature called "Back in Time: Researching the Original Story" that shows clips of several of the interviews done to research the film of actual people who knew Robert and Kathie Durst.There's an interview with director Andrew Jarecki where he talks about the interviews they did in researching the story and how they put them together in documentary form to show people as they created the movie and to remind themselves during the writing process. It's a VERY thorough interview where he talks about everything with the movie and goes on for an hour! There is also a sped up video of the process of aging Ryan Gosling to play David Marks in his later years. There are only a few deleted scenes, one washing dishes in the kitchen getting to know Katie's mother, another showing Katie training in the medical field, Katie confronting David about Polaroids she found, and David trying to get food stamps in a tuxedo which is very weird.There is full-length commentary with director Andrew Jarecki and writers Marcus Hinchey and Marc Smerling. There is also commentary with the director and Robert Durst whom the story is based on so of course after hearing all the background on this story and the interviews, I couldn't resist hearing what the actual guy says about this movie based on him. He verifies that Frank Langella's portrayal of his father is spot on and expresses regrets about how he treated Kathy's family and how rude he was. Every comment is prompted by the director who is interviewing Robert as the film progresses. Each scene that plays out, Andrew asks Robert if it was like that and Robert usually confirms it (or it sounds even worse than the movie plays it to be). He indicated that they were both unfaithful to each other late in the relationship (not covered in the film). It's fascinating to hear his side or defense.
Entertaining enough to pass the time but not very realistic, hence the reason it didn't last but one season. The main characters played by Maura Tierney and Rob Morrow do little to make the show outstanding. Tierney is as good as she is in any other role, but nothing to stand out. Same with Morrow. His character is a bit annoying, which I'm sure is how it was intended. I've made it half way through the only season and it seems every &#34;guilty&#34; verdict so far is reached with no proof or evidence. So, that shows you how weak it really is.
I liked what I saw, but if I can't stay awake, I figure it was missing something.  In this case.... it was the end.
Quentin Tarantino thinks it's the &#34;best film of the year,&#34; which is strange because -- for all of his attention to the slick, candy-like gloss that makes a film fun to watch, he's also pretty good at things like story and subtext and characters. This film is very crisply filmed, with every scene and twitch and frame almost exquisitely composed, but the story itself is so uninspired that it puts the mind to sleep like a rich, heavily-frosted cake laced with sedatives.The title/poster gives you the impression that it's a story about three bad guys. You have a sniveling religious studies teacher who is accused of raping and murdering a series of little girls. You have a disgraced cop who has gone beyond the badge to capture him. And you have the latest little girls' father choosing to mete a little vigilante justice to find the last remains of his child (and to get some blood-soaked closure). The theme here isn't anything new: when the good guys are willing to do anything to catch and punish the bad guy, do they still remain good?In spite of every perfectly timed shot, beautifully acted nuance, and gorgeously orchestrated moment, the story itself lacks any kind of meat, despite the prevalence of burnt flesh, broken bones, and shredded skin. Probably the biggest narrative snafu is that viewers never learn why the dad and cop are so convinced that the teacher is guilty of the crimes. The movie jumps right into the back-alley beatdowns without letting us know what evidence damns this poor, balding educator, making the whole thing feel lopsided (and giving astute viewers a big clue as to what they can expect at the end -- I'm not the brightest bulb, but I still managed to figure out what the final shot would be).To take up space, the movie uses violence, goofy juxtapositions (most of them involving phone calls from an elderly lady just when torture is about to happen), a wee bit of misdirection (a completely pointless Arabian man on horseback in this film full of Israelis), and some dark humor (done well, to be fair). All of it is shot and directed masterfully -- again, to be fair -- but it's like the world's most beautiful dress being put on a corpse. Ultimately, in spite of its solid acting and sumptuous visuals, the story is so fallow that it doesn't have the impact or drive that the rest of its talent deserves.
While my over view of the series stays the same as my previous review of the first season I was somewhat amazed at myself on finding the series to be entertaining enough to get the second season set and for the price pretty affordable too.  I can't say if it's the actual fact that they are filming in Hawaii instead of downtown L.A. like half of CBS shows are some of the episodes have gotten to me but still the scenery and action in half the season does make you want to continue to watch the series.  I still say it's a clone of the previous shows that have come before it CSI/NCIS/Criminal Minds but it looks like the writers have started using their higher brain functions in a few of the episodes and especially with the dialogue which has improved from the first season. So if you already got the first season I say for the price the set is going for now the second season is a pretty good add on to your t.v. show dvd collection.  Also after watching the first episode of the third season I've already decided this is the last set I'll get of this series, while overall it can be entertaining after seeing how the story seems to be going through loop after loop with the characters and their situation I can tell this is fast becoming CSI:Las Vegas 2 and for that small smidgen of enjoyment I'm getting from this series I have to stop it at this season sadly before I become more disillusioned then I already am with the series.
I thought the plots were weak and the &#34;humor&#34; was not very funny.  The actors did a good job but it didn't seem that they had much to work with.
Improve the show by-only picking peeps who will actually BUY a house-show home after buyers have improved it
This was not very entertaining. I was done before the show was. Anybody giving this more than 3 stars must be stoned.
This season seemed to be more about the artsy predilctions of the actors and producers.  The battle with the Ori became more and more convoluted and was not resolved to my satisfaction with the bad guys getting their butts kicked by the good guys.  I liked the first 9 and would watch them again.  I wouldn't watch season 10 again.
Stop here if you don't want a spoiler.Okay? Here goes:I suspect this could be a crowd-pleaser, but alien nonsense is not my cup o' tea. That part was a big turn-off for me and took what would have been a 5-star review down to a wishy-washy 3-stars (I would have gone with 2.5 stars if I could). I might tune in for a second episode out of curiosity, but doubt I'd go beyond that point. I like realism.Production values seemed good, acting was good, and this episode managed to keep me tense and on edge throughout -- right up to the birthday &#34;coincidences&#34;. That's when everything veered in a direction I'm unlikely to follow. Then the alien appeared and I thought, &#34;Oh, crap.&#34;
A rich heiress ( Gemma Atherton) is kidnapped by two ex-convicts and a ransom demand of 2 million pounds is made. Most of the plot, if revealed, will lead you think' Haven't I seen this movie' but leave these assumptions aside as this movie is a twister with turns happening at every interval and the balance of power shifting between the kidnapper and the kidnapped. This is a very difficult movie to review because writing about the plot would give a lot away. Still, it is a treat to watch. Three stars. 2/3/11
OK, a show for youngsters? Extremely poor acting&#8212;children and adults&#8212;and a &#34;who cares&#34; about them feel to this pilot. Don't bother...
This 12-minute film does a good job of portraying the uncertainty of making new friends through online venues, especially for those who lived most of their lives in an era where face-to-face encounters were the norm for potential dates. Judi Dench can do a whole lot in 12 minutes! With few words or actions she makes us feel exactly what it is like to try to get to know someone online enough not to be afraid to meet him in person. The only thing I didn't like about the short was the use of foul language. It wasn't necessary to the plot or the character development.
Not worthy of the name stargate.  Mostly a soap about a bunch of petty egos.  very little to do with good  sci fi.....  Got better toward the end of second season but  I had to keep asking &#34;who writes this crap&#34;
because I dislike when villains leave the hero conveniently alone so the hero can escape.  And how about when the Liam Neeson character was about to be taken captive and the villains kindly allowed him to place a telephone call.  Filmmakers need to make smarter villains.  There were what twenty villains, and they were all looking at telly or sleeping, when their job was to be guarding Liam and his ex-wife; how do villains keep their job if they do it so poorly - not believable they were all so inept.  I did like the use of the daughter, I think she has the makings of an agent herself and hope that future sequels pursue that story line.  Dislike the editing, cut so choppily I could barely tell what's happening during the fight sequences.  Two and a half stars.Final thoughts: I think the Liam Neeson character needs to train his ex-wife/daughter so they at least have some defensive skills, as often as not one or both are in the thick of things in these films.  What if the Liam character gets shot; it'd be great if the women could take care of themselves or maybe even rescue him should he ever need it. Having everybody strong, including the women, would be great to see.
I thought I had already reviewed this pilot.  I liked it and was pretty cute for what it is - a dysfunctional family comedy.
Don't expect any realism when it comes to modern day spy craft. Take this series with several grains of salt. It's clearly a cheaply done series and it shows. I can't even understand how the main character(Piper) ever got the part. I don't even like the look of her and her acting is mediocre at best. Thankfully several other supporting actors in the series hold her up and make the show bearable.
based on a true story this was a good movie.  It was a bit drawn out for my taste but still okay
terrible is about all I can say.
The humor is clever but not funny for me personally. I get it but a big &#34;so what&#34; in my way of being. I prefer comedy which has me laughing out loud some of the time and holds my interest.
Bones: "Theeeee, boring fruit flyyyyyyyyy, of Madagascarrrrrrrr, mustelina whocaresensis, oftennnnnn, likes to lay eggs in theeeee, carcass of boring plot hoooooles, placing the time of death at nine thirtyyyyyyyyyy, last night!"Booth: "I'm just a hokey made-up guy with a hollow personality, yuk-yuk! Go Steelers or whatever! Sports! Manly things! Basically I'm a walking stereotype with little or no inner life. Check out my muscles!"Everyone in the office has to eventually sleep with someone else in the office. It's practically the law on this series. Bones and Booth are a boring pair. Emily Deschanel cannot force her body language or facial muscles into fooling the camera into thinking she is even remotely excited to be around Boreanaz's character. Even if she could, her character has been painted too far into a very unemotional corner. Nothing about it makes sense to me. I can see ALL the other couples on the show happening, but not those two. (Also, the wedding episode was so boring that neither of us could pay attention to the whole thing. It really stunk. A lot. Everything that makes the show worth watching was left in the dust.)The technical advising on computer/internet related things is really bad at times. Pelant hacks the lab computers by arranging a crime scene in some mathematically significant way, probably based on an exploit from around 2005 where .jpg files could be corrupted in a certain way to cause problems. Of course, that exploit required modifying an already-existing file. You can't just move stuff around in a room to cause it. Whoever researched that simply did not do their job, and then we had to groan as they wrapped us up in this giant plot hole. The Angela-tron is similar: I'd believe it if the show was set in 2030, but today, all the money in the world can't make that happen. It's just not around yet.Nevertheless, the show is interesting enough, when we aren't being bombarded with blundering workplace relationships or plot holes. There is a fair amount of action and adventure. There's tension, meaningful problems are being solved (except in the pointless wedding episode), etc. And Hodgins blows stuff up sometimes. That's fun. They film outdoors in a bunch of different places so you don't feel like you're getting the same rehashed stuff all the time. If they had spent more time developing the Booth character, and if they had taken Dr. Brennan in a less "high functioning autism" direction, it would have been four stars. Maybe even five.
Well, the cover of the DVD with such words as Scandal, Child Star, Love Affair, Paparazzi etc, etc.. You'd think the movie would be entertaining, interesting, with a sense of taboo that just makes you want to watch it en grossly just much like the real love Story between Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton was. But No, as a viewer I don't get that. I don't get the sense of passionate, scandalous and bizarre love affair. The Only thing I got from watching this Movie is a boring, bland and amateur re-telling of a supposedly legendary love story of two film stars.What else can I say? Lifeless acting from most of the cast. Especially, Lindsay Lohan. Who ever thought she would do a good job at playing Elizabeth Taylor must've had a whimsical sense of humor indeed. Not denying that she's a bad actress watch her act in Mean Girls, The Parent Trap I've gotta give her some credit for acting in these two movies but in this one. Uh-Uh she just did it all wrong! I didn't buy her as Elizabeth Taylor, I didn't buy the fact that she was madly in love to the point of damaging her career. She Just seemed off on screen. Not to mention the slim to none resemblance between her and the real Elizabeth, you'd think she'll put more effort into acting her role to compensate for that fact but no. I was pretty disappointed, the only thing she seemed to do was memorize lines and repeat them on screen with just a tad bit of emotions coming across. Even in her purposed outbursts she just seemed like a walking corpse that the writers weren't even interested in to begin with so they gave her horrendous lines and a very one dimensional character to portray.The Other actors aren't that great either but since they're not the main once they can get away with their zombie walks and poor acting skills. The One Playing Burton was acceptable but that's only because he was surrounded with such lame actors so he stood out as you can say. He tried his best for his defense too bad there was little he could do since the writing itself wasn't that helpful.The Movie itself was tasteless. Most of the time the viewers are told that this and that is happening. For Example, that Richard is cheating on his wife with another married woman which is Elizabeth and are deemed sinful in the eyes of the public but it just seems to come so easy for them afterwards. It's like no one really cares whether they were having an affair or not in such times when things like these were rare. The whole sense of impending danger, the whole sense of scandal is lost in this film.Watching it is like reading an article on the internet about Elizabeth and Richards relationship. That's all I can say. You might as well just read a 5 minute article instead of wasting your time watching this movie cause that's all you're gonna get in the end. The audience don't get to connect with the characters, we don't even get to meet them. We just see Lindsay Lohan presumably yelling, screaming, throwing fits of anger, crying, laughing, smoking, complaining, talking, swimming, kissing and whatever else she's doing on the film. And then the actors are just there. I could care less whatever happens to the characters at the end I don't even want to know. Even if the director decided to twist the story a little bit and have Elizabeth and Richard Commit suicide like Romeo and Juliet instead of divorcing I still wouldn't care.I Guess, I should give credit for the writers and producers for taking such a passionate love affair and making it such a boring, tedious and whiny one.And Lindsay Lohan please next time don't accept a role if you're not gonna act it properly. I'm sure the director didn't intend for you to be a wallflower with nice clothes and make up. You Actually have to act out your role you know.I don't know, if you wanna waste your time then watch this movie other than that skip it completely. I Know I'm sounding a tad too harsh but it's my honest opinion.
I'm not a reality TV? Fan but I do enjoy this show, the guys are fun and funny. As is the gal in the store. A key part of the team. Finding and sending the guys to a good picking site. All in all, a fun entertaining and even educational, whenThey find an object, and can give us it's history,You won't be disappointed, if you watch this, show, and all the characters, they run into.
They should have released this as a animated movie and not a motion comic.  The story deserves that. I bought thinking it was a movie I had missed.
This is a sort of ho-hum situation comedy mixed in with some pretty good acting and decent plots.  It's not something I'd go nuts over, but something I would watch on occasion.
When this TV series keeps the action where it should be, i.e. on the Destiny, and in space it is a 4 or 5 star showUnfortunately, this episode spent half the time on earth showing the domestic issues that a couple people had.
One would think that there isn't a soul on this planet over 30 who hasn't heard the story of the monkey's paw or some form of that story. The original story involved a couple whose son had just died and then wished that come back to life only to be horrified when his corpse arrives at their door. The motto of the story was be careful what you wish for. With the movie THE MONKEY'S PAW, that story is given a new twists that entertains and yet never turns off its audience.Jake (C.J. Thomason) works in a safety equipment plant in New Orleans. He's having a rough go of things with his mother dealing with cancer, his ex-girlfriend now the wife of the plant's owner and Gillespie (David Hugh Kelly), his supervisor, giving him a hard time about the job he's doing. Jake's friend Cobb (Stephen Lang) is a goof off and trouble maker who tells him not to worry. When a shipment is light his supervisor is fired and he blames Jake.That night at the local bar Jake first runs into Cobb and complains about the problems he's facing. Cobb in turn tells him about having a son he is not allowed to see do to a restraining order and to stop feeling sorry for himself. The pair runs into Gillespie sitting alone drinking and as they discuss their problems Gillespie shows Jake a trinket, a mummified monkey's paw that his father left him. He then tells him the story of how the paw is supposed to grant a person 3 wishes and can't be passed on to someone else until all 3 have been taken. Jake thinks this is a joke and wishes for the hot car parked out front. When Cobb tries to take the paw for himself Gillespie stops him and reminds him that until Jake finishes all of his wishes it can't be passed to another.Now completely intoxicate, Jake and Cobb find the car still parked out front unlocked and with the keys still in it after the bar closes. They take off in the care and stop by their boss' house where Jake hopes to talk to his ex with the hope of her helping get Gillespie his job back. That doesn't work and they leave. Driving down the road they swerve to avoid an alligator in the road. The car crashes into a tree throwing Cobb through the front window and apparently killing him. Jake then wishes he were alive again and vacates the scene of the accident before he can be associated with it.Of course Cobb rises, acting quite differently than he has in the past. He begins leaving behind a trail of bodies as he attempts to force Jake to use his last wish to reunite him with his son. As the victims of his attack become friends and family close to Jake, Jake must locate the trinket he tossed aside earlier and try to placate Cobb. If not, all will be lost.The thing that makes this film the most interesting revolves around the accident and the results of that accident. As the movie progresses you at first think that perhaps the paw worked and Cobb was actually risen from the dead. But with each passing moment and due to several other items you see, you then begin to consider the possibility that Cobb didn't actually die but that a part of him inside did. How else to explain the actions that he goes through after the accident? Whether or not he is or isn't dead makes for an interesting story.The movie was made for Chiller, the horror channel offered via cable. It offers a few gruesome scenes but nothing near as graphic as that seen on shows like THE WALKING DEAD. Because of that this movie might make a great horror film for younger viewers though perhaps not too young. Sure there are a few gore scenes but they are pretty tame.The acting seen here isn't the best with the weakest performance coming from Michelle Pierce as Olivia, Jake's ex. The best performance comes from Lang as Cobb displaying what we perceive early on as a soul that's dark to start with but who changes to a more evil person once the accident takes place. Lang ties together that dangerous feeling with sympathy for a man in pain from being taken from his son. It's a more in depth character than seen on the surface and he brings that character to life.Some might not think this movie goes far enough but for me the end product was fine. It offered a good horror story, put that new twist of is he or isn't he to a classic tale and was done in such a way that didn't showed you didn't have to go to extremes to get the job done. If you like a good horror story then this film is worth watching.
Maybe these are all starting to run together for me, or maybe it's just that I was lukewarm to this particular season, but I just didn't find it as watchable as the majority of the other seasons.  It is the eighth year, and that's a high mark when it comes to ideas and plot-lines.Law and Order SVU is about the special cases.  Those cases of rape, child abuse, and elder abuse that typically deal with hard to face victims and emotional tragedy.  They're hard to watch, but because of a generally stellar cast it has become one of the most popular series out there. While you don't have to watch the season in order, it is good to at least try because there's a bit of background on the detectives that you could miss out on otherwise.  But the episodes are primarily stand-alone, with each resolving by the end of the episode.There were a few stand out episodes in this season.  "Confrontation" takes a horrible fear of rape, and multiplies it by having the rapist come back again and again for insidious purposes.  "Scheherazade" has a killer telling a tale, but drawing it out to elude his own death.  But with these episodes come a bunch that after watching the first time, I just skip over them when I rewatch the season.  And those are the episodes near the end that involve Benson's half brother plot.  I know they were trying to twist things around but it just didn't grip me and I thought her tale better when she didn't family ties.  At least the last episode had some pretty big cliffhangers, making you wonder what was going to happen and eager for the next season.Characters:Christopher Meloni as Det. Elliot StablerMariska Hargitay as Det. Olivia BensonRichard Belzer as Det. John MunchIce-T as Det. Fin TutuolaDiane Neal as ADA Casey NovakB. D. Wong as Dr. George HuangTamara Tunie as Dr. Melinda WarnerDann Florek as Capt. Don CragenConnie Nielsen as Det. Dani BeckAdam Beach as Det. Chester LakeThe original cast of characters are all here, but there are a few more that had a considerable amount of time in this season.  Nielsen as Detective Dani Beck replaces Hargitay in the first half of the season.  While she was ok, she wasn't as good as Hargitay, and it was a relief to see her come back.  Meloni too just didn't have the chemistry with Nielsen like he does with Hargitay and so his performances weren't as moving as they normally are.  Belzer and Ice-T continue to play a secondary role and had an average amount of screentime when compared to the other seasons.  I did like the few roles played by Beach as Detective Chester Lake.  He had a calming presence about him that I enjoyed.This series is not for the faint of heart and especially not this season.  There is violence, staged scenes of rape, abuse and other harsh topics that not all will want to see.  But the show is gritty and tries to be realistic so it could be hard for some people.  The majority of the camerawork is on the detectives but they do have to process the crimes so at least one time in every episode, there's something tragic to see.Not the best of the seasons but I'll certainly keep watching.  When it's been around this long there's a reason for it, and I know the series can certainly improve to its former glory again.Review by M. Reynard 2013
This used to be my favorite program.  Now it's become a soap opera mostly centering around the female characters.  I actually got up and brushed my teeth during episode 9.  Borrrrring.
Here we have a series with an interested premise and a few standout characters that flops because of low budget and/or bland writing.  Never a lot of urgency.  Never a lot of cool encounters with new and weird &#34;Alphas.&#34;  Never a building of tension that drives you to catch the next episode.  Which is a shame, because there are a few very skilled actors in this series.  It could have evolved into a very imaginative, action-packed series.This is a tame show that is more of a Marvel Extra-Lite or Diet DC (0 Calories) than its own spectacular take on superhumans invading/integrating into society.  If you enjoy stories about superhumans, you are much better off reading some of the excellent anthologies or graphic novels out there now.  Or, of course, just wait for the big budget Marvel and DC movies.LOOKING FOR GOOD SUPERHUMAN STORIES?Check out George R. R. Martins' Wild Cards series, anthologies like The Mutant Files (edited by Greenberg), graphic novels like Preacher, The Sandman, Garth Ennis' Punisher Max series, The Punisher: Franken-Castle, Marvel Universe vs. The Punisher, etc.On TV, check out Penny Dreadful.
There is a lot of Good Tech being previewed in this Scy-Fy drama. Some of it is Unbelievable while other, more reasonable tech, is being created at this moment.The acting in this program is only So-So as are about half of the scripts, but it is a fun program to watch and should supply several hours of real life escaping entertainment.
Here's what you get: the greatest of actors trying to bring to life a mediocre story.  There a few thrilling scenes that you will like.  But the heist plan is lackluster, unnecessarily complicated, with a poetic justice twist in the end that just did not feel that satisfying.The professional criminals make a few stupid mistakes that you probably will not be able to forgive.  Designed to characterize, these mistakes just make them look unprofessional, unpredictable, and kind of silly.  I won't spoil anything, but you'll see a couple when the counterfeiter works on a painting, the wheel man jumps a motorcycle, and the apprentice crosses a border.  Just a few examples.The movie cannot decide if it is a comedy or a heist movie.  The Interpol agent is not funny, but constantly tries to be,  It makes you feel NO TENSION WHATSOEVER that our criminals will be caught.  Jay Baruchel's character delivers some believable comedy--even at the border crossing, but on top of the fumbling Interpol agent, it is just too much.The writers seem to have forgotten that the best stories pit CAPABLE and threatening enemies against heroes.  They wasted a cast of acting giants to put on a semi-entertaining Bugs Bunny cartoon.There is a nagging question of trust plaguing the movie throughout, which starts as a point of tension but deteriorates into a eye-rolling, annoying situation that should be remedied with a gun.This movie MIGHT keep you attention all the way through, because you will want to see the ending once you get invested.  But it is worthy of a 3 ONLY because of the stellar performances within such an unfinished, unpolished, and sometimes stupid story.  The actors are naturals.  The story is forced.
They have 5 members left, gotta admit though- I still,watch it! Thought for sure last season needed the show. Is it still even a gang with 5 characters left minus their other charters. Oh, if you have meet the IRA, RUN!
A Spanish teacher trying to teach Castilian Spanish to a class of somewhat native Mexican speakers of the language; a gym teacher who is a wimp; a history teacher who apparently doesn't know what a book is; and a principal who never catches the students doing anything but easily snags his teachers--sorry but didn't work for me. Should I mention the students all appear to be jerks or bullies. This show doesn't even deserve a grade.
All I can say is that this show was extremely boring. It was too much like Dark Angel. When you think of Beauty and the Beast, you think of a beast, not some governmental experiment gone wrong.
I was disappointed that it is not following the book. Perhaps if I hadn't read the book first, I would give it another star.
Shows is good but they really need to quit the re capping ... Half of the shows is repeating what already happened 5 minutes earlier. Also hard to believe any of the drama ... Almost seems fabricates
But the concept -- and the situations -- seem forced and/or inherently uninteresting. Also, the characters -- even by the father's own admission -- are selfish and unlovable.  I don't want to spend one more second with anybody in this world.  Good riddance!
Not the warm and fuzzy kind of show.  But it still had a decent plot and was entertaining for a couple of hours.
This curate was quite good looking but his story did not make it for me. Also the loss of the actor who played the owner of the golf club was a real loss for the series. I did watch until the end, but I was not as impressed as the first two.
This was ok but the story development seemed disjointed. I hoped to really learn more about vegetarianism, benefits, outcomes, etc. and just got more reality TV.
Loser. Expected something better from Whedon. Big fan of Firefly, the best tv series ever. Think he is desperate or strung out on drugs. Don't waste your time and money here.
Seems like kids are being exploited.  A lot of money being spent on elaborate dresses for little kids to what end for the kids, cheap trophys and crowns?  Seems like they are really little to have to face personal rejection.  Big girls have enough issues where &#34;beauty contests&#34; are held but to hear some of the mothers telling their little ones, &#34;The judges just didn't like you&#34; is heart breaking.  I will not watch this exploitation of kids again.
Sorry but I've watched all 5 of the Amazon pilots and this one not only put me to sleep but I just couldn't even finish watching it.
I just could not get get into this show.  Character is my number 1 criterion, but none of these characters held my interest.  Even Jeffrey Tambor, whose work I've liked over the years, left me uninterested.  Even the supposed reveal of his character's secret made me yawnThe pacing of the entire 30 minutes was way too slow.  A half-hour show should move through the story.My second star was for the music, the only element I found enjoyable.  I doubt I'd watch this show if it becomes a series.
I love DP, but I thought that this episode illustrated how bad information can lead to unnecessary problems for individuals.  The last segment about magnetic pole shift is a common misperception.  There is currently magnetic pole drift.  This is a fact known especially to pilots who witnessed a recent 10 degree change in runway designations.  This drift is occurring at about 40 miles a year and is West to slightly Southwest.  At the current rate of drift, there is no possibility of the scenario which the last family imagined.  Moreover, even if the unlikely event of a complete sudden magnetic pole shift (the south pole becoming the north pole and vice versa), the axis of the planet would not change.  For the axis to change, the best likely culprit would be a large external force hitting the planet.  In that case, no one anywhere on planet Earth would stand a chance no matter how prepared they were for doomsday.
The show seems like it struggled to get off the ground, the storyline tried to be adult-oriented, but is too ignorant and simplistic to attract its target audience.
It was alright, If true I even learned a few things I did not know but my impression is this is very slanted liberal story telling.
Our 'hero' isn't particularly heroic.  The British are portrayed at insufferable just for defending their homeland. The idea of a shield maiden isn't developed enough to mean anything.  A main character is both a boatwright and a seer without explanation.  Our hero is about to dump his wife for lack of a long string of male heirs.  I don't expect anyone to clean up history, such as it is, but some illumination might work.  Given this is a history channel exclusive, we could have woven in some explanation of the levels of technology we are witnessing.
If you loved The Vicious Brothers and their film "Grave Encounters," they're hoping you'll flock to buy the next chapter of their horror saga creatively titled "Grave Encounters 2."  Utilizing the increasingly popular "found footage" genre that combines elements of the thriller into a faux documentary presentation, "Grave Encounters" was a reasonably effective (if not spectacularly original) entry into the horror arena.  It does seem that every low budget scary movie of late thinks that this is the go-to genre of filmmaking, so it's becoming more difficult to distinguish inventive works from the overcrowded pack.  This sequel employs the same device to carry out the story.  And it is just so tired already!  But as long as the movie has something fresh to offer, found footage can still make for a thrilling visceral experience.  I may not have hated "Grave Encounters 2" as much as some--but after a reasonably promising set-up, the film seemed to implode on itself with a lunatic (and ill conceived) final act.The movie takes place roughly two years after the events of the first movie.  A film student (Richard Harmon) is obsessed with the footage of the first film and decides to see if the events depicted were real or not.  As any remarkably sane person would do, he assembles some friends to break into the psychiatric hospital represented two years prior.  Even if everything is real (which he believes), his knowledge of the place and its monsters should provide plenty of clues for survival.  There isn't much more to tell without revealing spoilers.  I'll just say that the introduction (which takes a VERY LONG time) is handled well enough, but a major twist in the hospital kind of derails the franchise.  Very little makes sense after this revelation and the film just gets loopier by the second, and not in a particularly good way.I liked that there is a distinct connection to the first film. Here, The Vicious Brothers made a smart decision.  This movie presupposes that you've seen the original.  Although you can certainly watch this as a stand alone, the finale will lose some of its impact.  But maybe that's a good thing as I really thought that this was the weakest point in the series so far.  If you remember the stylistic differences between "Blair Witch" and its abysmal sequel, some of the same mistakes were made here.  It's almost too meta, too referential to the original and so it loses a unique voice of its own.  And with the choices made in the conclusion, it defies the logic of the first picture and this is always something that irritates me.  KGHarris, 3/13.
No subtitles in spanish and english. Because of that i only give one star. But the video are in HD.
INteresting, watched the first 4 episodes on Amazon stream. Not real sympathetic to such brutal characters. Though they have wives and kids, and are just looking for loot, they basically slaughter a monastery of unarmed monks. So yes they are Vikings. So it's kind of like Ancient Sons of Anarchy. There's really no redeeming qualities about the characters but that may just be how vikings were. So it's interesting why Norway is not a world power.
I hope it wasn't: &#34;It's like SMASH, only with classical music i.e. Lincoln Center instead of Broadway.&#34;  But throughout I got the nagging feeling that WAS how this pilot was pitched.  Characterizations - shallow and stereotypical: old diabolical maestro, veteran virtuoso who sleeps around, young upstart maestro on the lookout for fresh meat, and the vulnerable young ingenue, etc. etc.  Plotlines - who gets stabbed in the back, who sleeps with whom, etc. etc.  I like the casting and female oboe players usually have me at hello, but I was plenty skeptical about this.Finally, why do these Amazon pilots have such tentative plotlines?  So little gets accomplished in an hour (compared to, say, BREAKING BAD or THE GOOD WIFE).  Is it because they're all meant to go nowhere fast?  Certainly feels like that with both this and BOSCH.
I have just watched most of the first season and I can't think of an episode that has stayed with me. Instead, I remember impressions such as the rolling of the eyes at the cliches. The smart aleck cop who knows everything and somehow solves the case. He's the independent cop who doesn't play by the rules - like every other cop on television. The obsession with ending every episode with music. The rich and powerful suspects who threaten to have the officers' badge. There really are very few cliches from a dozen other procedural shows.Add to the fact that every show begins with a body, has a red herring and wraps up with a "clever" encapsulation of the mystery and you have a show that isn't even trying to be original.Even the Florida setting is overused.The main differences between this show and others is the fact that the main character likes golf and there's a relationship with a woman who was once on Lost (but not a very popular character).There's nothing awful about this show. There's just nothing to recommend it. It's the kind of show that you leave on because there's nothing else on and if you change the channel again, you will have to admit that your life is sad and that it's probably time to stop drinking.
This is nothing more than a long commercial for CBS's new weekly serial program from Stephen King.  It really does not tell anything more than the commercials that played on television before the program started its run on June 24, 2013.
Not much here to make me want to see a second episode EXCEPT for Bebe's musical number right at the end.  A good pilot has to make you want more and this didn't much do that.  The novelty of the web is at least 15 years too late.  The singing has of course been done.  The interns were flat stereotypes.  Bebe's character (think Cruela Deville with an R rating) was the only thing that popped, and even that was more a new COMBINATION than something actually original.  Better than "Onion News Empire" pilot but that ain't sayin' much.Add this one to the scrap heap of history.
If I could have one without the other, I'd watch this show.  Otherwise I'd have to pass.Having a Bill Murray cameo's cool, but c'mon an opening scene trying to set a record for the most F bombs?Seriously tempted to ditch the show at that point but didn't.  I'd ditch the season if it didn't get cleaner.
Not sure if it is scripted or not. Parts were entertaing. The partner should not have left when he did.
I started watching but quickly turned it off.  A laugh track, really?  The 80's called and they want their tv shows back.  The jokes weren't all that funny.
This is not a  show about teen fashions, instead it's a show about witchcraft and curses and ghosts.  It's played seriously and is aimed at young adults , of course the cast members are all beautiful etc. But who cares? it's a good show! . It introduces horror to teens especially girls who really need this kind of stuff. Horror is good fun and this one does that without any gore, it's about atmosphere and it does that well, I do believe that girls miss out on sci fi and horror too often because they are not exposed to it. it's for everyone not just guys! AND. It's good to see Meg Foster is still at it. She's plays the spooky older lady. She's in fantastic shape though and those wonderful eyes of hers are still glowing!. this is a show that a family could watch and teens will enjoy , it's not 'pretty little liars' in any way. Which is a true teen show.
Neither of us could watch it through.  Inconsistencies abound, plot it trite, no humor to relieve tension, generally boring.  Won't watch if the series is green-lighted.
It reminds me too much of HBO's First and Ten with Delta Burke.I like Natalie Zea, but that was about it.The story isn't new or fresh.If more episodes of this show are made, it it highly unlikely that I will watch them.
This is sad.  It's all so hackneyed.  It's like Chris Carter took the lamest and most cliched aspects of every recent dystopian/Armageddon story, poorly dramatized them, and then picked the most stereotypical and most unsympathetic characters, and made a tasteless bento box out of it.
It's heavily scripted and so far it's really plodding along. This isn't something I'd watch all the time, but perhaps on a slow tv night.
I don't understand other reviews, this is a 0 star movie, but I had to put 1.  The acting is bad, what happens in the story is bad (at leaast 1 stupid decision by every character in the movie that make you go "oh, come on").This might just be the worst movie I've ever seen.
Moronic idea for a series.  How they were able to get anyone to pay for such a series is beyond me.
good show, I like it and will watch all of it, but its not one of those shows that I make a point to watch, or that I just keep watching episode after episode without stopping.
Bad show. Not sure why this was made.  It is sort of like the book &#34;on the beach&#34; but not good. It was cancelled quick which should tell you all you need to know
Ok, so someone has read Anne Rice. This is good. There was potential here to create something interesting and provocative.But no.Where do these writers come from and how old are they? And who is directing?That is what is truly scary about this.A few pretty faces but you really need to be a 15 year old who thinks the Twilight series is good literature.If you are - you will love this.If not, more than 20 minutes is painful.
I love Pawn Stars and we don't get that particular channel where I just moved so I thought I would watch this as a substitute. It is similar but just didn't have the specialness that goes along with their Las Vegas kin.
Elijah Wood plays a brilliant concert pianist with terrible stage-fright who is performing a comeback concert in memory of a dead mentor.  Once he starts playing he is given something to really worry about--a message from a sniper saying if he plays one wrong note he will be shot and if he stops the concert or signals for help his wife will be shot.It's a neat set-up even if it's basically Phone Booth in a concert hall and the movie is directed with so much energy and flair, and Elijah Wood is so persuasive as the twitchy pianist--it's possible you might not even notice how terrible the script is.In the film's one clever bit Wood manages to text for help to his brother-in-law in the audience while playing a difficult piano piece without the sniper seeing what he's doing.  Unfortunately, it's never set up that texting the brother-in-law might be helpful--it would have been nice if he were an off duty cop or something like that--and 5 minutes later the movie is back in exactly the same place it was before Wood sent the text.In fact that's pretty much where the movie stays until late in the film when the only other twist comes and you find out what exactly is going on.  Unfortunately, the minute the movie reveals villain John Cusack's motives it becomes very clear that his carefully orchestrated plot is, in fact, ridiculously stupid, and that there must be at least a half dozen better ways to achieve what Cusack's character wants that would be easier, safer, and much more likely to succeed.Still Grand Piano looks great and it's directed with the bravado of 1970's era Brian De Palma (when his movies didn't suck).  Elijah Wood does nicely with a change of pace non-psycho role.  John Cusack, on the other hand, is stuck playing the man with the idiotic plan and doesn't manage to do much with his poorly written character or terrible dialogue.Fans of stylish thrillers who don't care about storytelling will likely eat this up.  Everyone else should keep their expectations low.
The show has funny lines and situations, but they all come at you like a freight train and the result is at the end of the episode you are exhausted. If the scenes were a little more developed and not delivered with the chatter of a machine gun then I am sure it would be funnier as you could fully grasp one situation before moving on tho the next.AS to the comment about a laughter track, I believe as this was targeted at an adult audience, we don't need prompting when we find something funny and to be honest .. it was refreshing not to hear canned laughter. If the slow the pace a little and develop the vignettes/themes within the show a little more .. this would/could be a funny show.
I thought this pilot was just okay.  The characters and story were interesting, but I didn't really like the musical aspect of the show.  It's creative but I am not sure I would watch more.
The next stage of human evolution has begun. All over the world, individuals are developing the powers of telepathy, telekinesis and teleportation. A secret government-funded agency, Ultra, is tasked with keeping these individuals under control or removing their powers altogether. However, a small group of 'Tomorrow People' has taken refuge under the streets of New York and is preparing for the day when they can escape persecution.The Tomorrow People is an SF franchise with some history behind it. It originally aired from 1973 to 1979 as a zero-budget children's programme in the UK. Although almost forgotten today, it remains the second-longest-running British SF show of all time in terms of episode count (just beating out Red Dwarf). The series was then revived in 1992 for a three-season run. The premise of both shows was that humanity is developing into another form of life - homo superior - and that the new 'break-outs' (humans who have developed these powers) need to be helped by the existing Tomorrow People to deal with their newfound abilities. Both shows also used more overtly SF elements like aliens and robots, with the Tomorrow People using an alien spacecraft as their headquarters and relying on a powerful AI named TIM to help them.This latest reboot is from the American CW network and is surprisingly faithful to the original show. Character names are reused, original lead actor Nicholas Young has a cameo and even TIM (now a human-built computer) returns. However, the premise is complicated, darkened and made a bit less hokey. There are no aliens or spaceships and the struggle is now presented as being between the Tomorrow People and those humans aware of their existence and who see them as a threat, not a symbol of hope. There are also internal struggles within the Tomorrow People, between those who seek to use their powers for good, those who just want to get on with their lives and others who actively want to use their powers to commit crimes.Our main POV character is Stephen Jameson (Robbie Amell), who breaks out in the first episode and finds himself torn between joining Ultra (run by his uncle Jedikiah, played by genre-favourite Mark Pellegrino) and a group of rebels led by John (Luke Mitchell) and Cara (Peyton List). Relations are complicated by John and Cara's group having been founded years earlier by Stephen's missing father Roger (Jeffrey Pierce). Early episodes play up a cheesy love triangle between Stephen, John and Cara and rely on break-out-of-the-week plots in which Stephen, having joined Ultra to spy on it for the rebels, has to maintain his cover whilst also helping his friends. Some episodes show promise - Cara's back-story is surprisingly well-handled, with List playing the younger, more rebellious version of the character with more aplomb than the somewhat dull modern equivalent - but it's pretty disposable stuff.The show shifts up a gear in the mid-season, when more people find out about Stephen's powers and the real main antagonist, the Founder (played with scene-destroying relish by ex-Spartacus actor Simon Merrells) shows up to complicate things. The ongoing story arc comes more to the fore and for a few episodes the show almost lives up to its potential. Particularly welcome is Luke Mitchell stepping up to the plate and impressing more in the role of John. The showrunners seem to be aware of this, with a move in the mid-season away from focusing on Stephen as the protagonist (despite bringing enthusiasm to the role, Amell's range is rather limited) and instead on the group as a whole. This works well until the last couple of episodes when the plot starts lurching in all kinds of random directions and the conclusion to the season-long arc ends up being a bit of a damp squib. The cliffhanger pulls it back a little by providing some interesting groundwork for the next season, but given there isn't going to be one (the show was cancelled after filming concluded) that doesn't really help.The Tomorrow People (***) is watchable, cheesy and disposable fun which occasionally delivers some above-average performances and episodes. There's certainly a lot of mileage in the premise and it's a shame that the show won't be given a chance to improve with time and more episodes. However, the show is also predictable, frequently badly-written and some of the actors should really think about taking up other careers: Jeffrey Piece is particularly awful, over-acting to the hilt and making even his cornier young co-stars look amazing in comparison. Overall, the series is only worth a watch once you have exhausted the several dozen better series around at the moment.
I felt like it was hard to follow.  For it being a who done it, there were few clues and it really led you no where
Ok now we all know the scheming ways of people ...a spanish telanova this would be better ...seriously way better
There's a lot of potential in RETREAT, a moody thriller set on a Welsh island.  Essentially a three character drama, the movie moves very slow before reaching an unexpected climax.Thandie Newton and Cillian Murphy star as a couple who go off on an island retreat to deal with a tragic loss of their stillborn child.  Enter Jamie Bell as an injured soldier who tells them of a pandemic that is slowly spreading around the world, eventually coming their way.  He ultimately imprisons them and ulterior motives surface.The three actors are very effective, with Bell particularly outstanding in his chilling mutation.  There is an eerie sense of doom that ultimately culminates in a disturbing finale.RETREAT requires a lot of patience but does leave a sharp impression once it's over.
Ok, i took dance class for years as a kid and young adult and I havenever, never, ever had a teacher like that.. It is so unprofessional not to mentionterrible workouts and dance advice I can't believe that these women subject theirkids to it..they need to get out more and see what a professional dance school islike in the real world..This woman has no class at all and one of the major thingstaught at real dance schools is class, professional manners and respect.  I wouldnever respect a teacher that talked to me like that because real dance instructorsdo not talk to their students like that nor do dance parents hang around like that.These women are nuts to subject their kids to this woman.  If I could have given it a zero I would have.
Eh, it was ok. Nothing special about this movie. A waste of time and money on my part.Take it or leave it is what I say.
Feels very much like a cross between &#34;Strangers with Candy&#34; and &#34;Always Sunny in Philadelphia&#34;. Hapless idiot teachers try to conquer a world of smarter children and fail. A few good lines but they're going to have to work on developing this into something more/better. At least in Always Sunny I feel like the heroes have half a brain and just misuse it. Here I feel like they're just dumb.
the plot was ridiculous and the story line was over all very very slow  its pace was sleepy and i lost interest after the first 20 minutes the story line is very very predictable girl get kidnapped girl gets rescued bla bla bla  dont waste your money
This is just silly.  Goofy silly, over-gory, sadistic sensationalism. It carries a plot line so thin as to be invisible.  The acting is pretty good, but it really requires you to actively NOT think.  Suspension of disbelief is not enough, you really have to put yourself into an intelligence coma to watch this series.  I would rate it 1 star, but the acting is good.
Where is this show going? I guess it's winding down and it knows it. It doesn't seem to have much momentum anymore-Don Draper gets his job back, starts at the bottom working for Peggy, blah blah blah. It seems to have fallen apart into meaningless vignettes, with the 70s looming and the characters struggling to keep current. Out with the old, and in with the new, it happens to the best of us.
Not my kind of film. Too gross, poor acting. I watched this movie for 10 minutes then called it quits.
The premise is terrific. The acting is good, I'm just not sold on the directing yet but I'll watch the new episode today. I haven't given up on it yet.
Seth Rogen is still everybody's favorite stoner; it's just that now he's an old stoner. In the raucous R-rated comedy Neighbors, Rogen's character gives in to the phony domesticated bliss that we see guys like Kevin James (name-checked in the movie, too!) enjoy in lousy network sitcoms. He's got a great wife played by Rose Byrne who is out of his league, a crappy job, a beautiful newborn child, and a hefty mortgage to contend with. But that urge to light up a fatty is still there, and that dichotomy of the responsible parent who also wants to be one of the guys is what keeps Neighbors interesting even as the puerile jokes run out of gas.Mac (Rogen) and Kelly (Byrne) have just blown their entire savings on a new home in a seemingly perfect suburban neighborhood. They're young, not too far removed from their party hearty days, but now that they've had a daughter the pull of boring domestication is strong. So they feebly try to hang on to their youth with &#34;spontaneous&#34; sex (which the baby ruins), smoking a blunt on occasion (sometimes at work), and planning to go to raves with their friends. It doesn't happen, but the plan was sound.  It's a limbo time for them because neither wants to be all dull and old and stuff. Who does?They're snapped into focus with the arrival of new neighbors, the rowdy dudes of fraternity Delta Psi Beta. At the head of this toga party bound-to-happen is Teddy (Zac Efron), a chiseled stud Mac breathlessly describes as &#34;something a gay guy designed in a laboratory.&#34; With his loyal co-prez Pete (Dave Franco) and a veritable army of fast-livin' fraternity brothers at his disposal, Teddy plans to throw a rager worthy of going up in the Hall of Fame. In a pitiful attempt to look cool and hopefully convince the guys to keep the music down, Mac and Kelly make a sticky green peace offering, then hang out at one of the frat's all-night blow outs. Shot with ultraviolet energy by Nicholas Stoller, the party scenes are an absolute blast. It doesn't hurt that Rogen gets to act like a clown in them, emphasizing his oafish appearance in contrast to Efron. Ultimately, an agreement is made that if the noise gets unbearable, call the frat first rather than the cops. But when that plan goes up in smoke (pun intended!) and the cops are brought into the situation, Teddy feels betrayed and sets about making Mac and Kelly's lives miserable.The turf war that erupts between this square couple and a bunch of overzealous dudes is more fun than a thousand beer pong matches, at least initially. The jokes, of which there are tons and many of them land like a punch to the jaw, consist of denigrating the yard bushes, exploding whoopee cushions, busted water pipes, and used condoms in the front lawn. There's even an attempt by Mac and Kelly to get the frat suspended by appealing to the university's image-conscious dean, played with blas&eacute; attitude by Lisa Kudrow.  It's all innocent and largely harmless shenanigans until things escalate a little too far out of control, and this is when screenwriters Andrew Cohen and Brendan O'Brien lose their way. Things take a turn for the dark side when Mac and Kelly actively set up Teddy's girlfriend to cheat on him, which leads to Teddy taking glee in their marital turmoil later on.  There's nothing funny about that at all, nor is Teddy's later comments about &#34;watching&#34; their young daughter grow up into a woman. As the violence goes from comedic to ugly, Neighbors begins to resemble an entirely different movie, and one this viewer was not especially into. I signed up for Neighbors, not Lakeview Terrace.But when this film is on it's an absolute riot of juvenile, mildly-offensive gags with laughs coming a mile a minute. While we've all probably seen the De Niro impersonation scene a thousand times already in TV spots and trailers, it's much funnier in full context, and bit players like Christopher Mintz-Plasse, Carla Gallo, and Ike Barinholz hit the mark. In a way this feels like a coming out party for Efron who has never been asked to carry the comedic load like this before. His Teddy is a snot-nosed punk, but one with a touch of complexity. And hopefully this will be the film that finally earns Rose Byrne the attention she has so long deserved. If it wasn't already obvious after Bridesmaids that she is one of today's funniest women alive then Neighbors proves she is a true showstopper. She adds gravitas to a role that could have been overshadowed by Rogen's goofy antics, but instead it's her who gives a towering comedic performance.So what you have is the old couple trying to recapture their youthful vigor, Teddy who sees in them what could be his future. There isn't a ton of time spent on this dynamic but it's enough, and told with enough honesty to be relevant. Most of the work is done by Rogen and Efron in the way their characters interact with one another non-verbally. It's clear right away that Mac sees Teddy as the guy he wishes he was back in college. Not that you'll come to Neighbors for poignant insight on growing up. It isn't straining to be much, but as a &#34;bros before hos&#34; flick with some big laughs, Neighbors gets a passing grade.
If you like this show, you must not have read Arthur Conan Doyle's books, or watched the old Basil Rathbone movies--which I recommend.  I thought this series might be good because it has Lucy Lui.  It is just another cop show with a smart cerebral main character.  He is just too clever for words.  The characters are nothing like Watson and Holmes. Holmes would never try to burn his violin.  I would rather watch reruns of Monk.  He has his problems, but he is not rude and nasty. Does this Holmes ever take a shower, he looks so grungy!
It was ::sad:: chaotic, stupid without sense , total garbage and waste of time , not funny at all , the beginning started well good but then it turn into garbage
Seems a bit contrived.  Only place it could possibly work is NYC where there is a lot of stupid money.  Dirty mMoney is a much better show about the same thing.
Don't miss d f word when it isn't used fifty times in every see sentence. Love John Goodman, he is an asset, will watch few more to decide.
This season stinks. It is preachy with no punchline. It seems tired and worn. I enjoy the Denny Crane/Alan Shore relationship but the writing just seems to take that dynamic for granted in season 5. The increased appearances by Melvin Palmer doesn't help either. That character is best in really small doses. Seeing Jerry all the time is a bit annoying as well.All in all... I'd kinda like a refund. Maybe Alan Shore will take my case :-)
you probably won't want to watch this.I would watch the Rebels if I were on an airplane, or in a bar with nothing else going on.it's cute, has pretty people in it.It's a little dumb.
Not much of a surprise here but I lived in that time and knew a lot of what was printed and talked about
Acting not so great. Story line cheesy. The coven is awesome. Not engaging enough for me. Not my style. Sorry
This season was OK, but for me the twists with the sous chefs did not work. First of all the competition among these guys was shown very abbreviated and I just felt like all I cared was about who was going to get immunity for their chef, but nothing else. Also, the obstacles the chef would get from those sous chefs on the bottom bordered on silly. It seems to me that the creators of this show are looking for gimmicks to keep the viewers attention, when in reality they should go back to the basics of what the show is about, good cooking.That is actually what the show did well this season. The group of chefs competing was outstanding, and we got to see some really nice creations. There was also a nice balance between different types of cuisine and techniques. If only they had focused more on the chefs and their ability to produce quality food, this would have been much more interesting than what it was.
Predictable, expected, ordinary. The special effects outshine the story line. Yes, the story gave a few answers to the &#34;what&#34;, &#34;when&#34;, and &#34;where&#34; of the Doctor's history but there just wasn't the &#34;bang&#34; that has been the hallmark of the earlier episodes. And as usual it's a wait-and-see about the next doctor. The 50th anniversary year has yet to live up to its hype.
This film begins with platitudes about opening your mind and questioning authority. Once your mind is pried open a bit, it begins to drop in quotations by neo-Marxist philosophers, Howard Zinn, pictures of leftist protest signs. It is peppered with random false statements like 'banking is based on fraud', 'genetics is destroying farmers'.This movie bothers me because it is propaganda. It's not about opening your mind, it's about reprogramming your mind. They keep telling you that you're a credulous, brainwashed sheep, and obviously they really believe that of you.The best criticism of our current economic situation that I've seen is Robert Reich's &#34;Inequality for All&#34;. I think he really gets at the root of the problem, and does not offer as solution a system that is even worse than what we have.
Guerrilla-style independent filmmaking is to be championed, and &#34;Escape from Tomorrow&#34; attempts the near-impossible - to film a movie inside the walls of Disney without being detected. But for all its chutzpah, the film suffers ultimately from a muddled story that never fully congeals. It's worth a watch to simply imagine what might have been with a better defined story and a few additional special effects.
Alcatraz - Complete SeriesSummary:On March 21, 1963, 256 inmates and 46 guards disappeared from the Alcaltraz supposedly transferred to another prison but as we are informed that's not exactly what happened. They just &#34;poof&#34; disappeared and now in 2012 are coming back! That's the central premise of this show and quite frankly it is extremely difficult to accept as a premise. The cast plays this situation dead serious as if this truly happened. No lawyers', family member, curious reporters or prisoner advocates apparently inquired where the heck everyone went!The series was a mid-season replacement premiered on January 16, 2012. The show was cancelled by the network, Fox,  on May 9, 2012.Content & Packaging:3 disks - 13 episodes - standard DVD packaging. One critical note the 3 disks are not identified as disk 1, disk 2 etc.Positive Comments:I have to give the creative talents their due. There weren't any campy smirks or a wink at the camera - this preposterous story line was played dead serious by the cast.The Cast:Some of the characters were just terrific and should have been recognized with an award but were not. Jonny Coyne is the warden - in his black suit and devilish moon face captivated me as he smoozed with the prisoners to achieve his private ends. Jorge Garcia was a hoot. This very large man who abhors violence and gore gets himself into the thick of the action without make a fool of himself.Negative Comments:Alcaltraz presents a very convoluted plot.Cryptic events and conversations happen in one episode that has no apparent significance.You cannot miss a single episode or you will by very confuse.Excessive blood and gore and violence against women detracted from the series in my opinion.Recommendations:Aside from my negative comments I liked this show. The individual stories have some dramatic intensity at times and trying to put all the clues together appealed to me. Nonetheless I can well understand why viewers fled this series - it was just too much weirdness!
As with all episodes in this increasingly silly series, a quick internet search reveals that there is no credibility to the claims of "crystal skull enthusiasts". The peddlers of this series do not give their audience much credit. They think we will not check them out. They are wrong.I do check them out and their production does not check out.The only reason to watch this episode is to see how biased and inaccurate these "Ancient Aliens" are. When you are done watching this episode you will be left with the "Ancient Alien Enthusiasts" conclusions that mystical crystal skulls of ancient origin have been found and are sizzling and popping with paranormal powers and that the mother of them all is the "Skull of Doom".Here are the true facts that were easily available and well known to all of the writers, producers and commentators of this program are NEVER presented in this program. These facts were unearthed by a legitimate set of producers, writers and commentators at National Geographic who aired a well-documented legitimate documentary two years before this illegitimate and completely undocumented nonsense was put together by the "Ancient Alien Enthusiasts".The National Geographic documentary is called "The Truth Behind: The Crystal Skulls" and it completely debunks the nonsense of crystal skulls. Crystal skulls have been conclusively proven not to be ancient. The first crystal skull every produced was manufactured in the latter half of the 19th century. Crystal skulls are not something ancient people had anything to do with. They are irrefutably not of any paranormal origin and they certainly have nothing to do with extraterrestrial beings which of course don't exist except in the imaginations of people with hairdo challenges.Crystal skulls were never created by ancient people for any reason at any time in any part of the world.The purported origin of the most famous crystal skull peddled as the "Skull of Doom" and officially known as the Mitchell-Hedges Skull is a 100% pure fabricated hoax. But the little old lady peddling the hoax seemed utterly believable. Even some of the best legitimate scientists were unable to summarily dismiss the little old lady's story.The skull was the icon of Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious [X] series and is shown on the opening screen of each episode. If the little old lady piqued the interest of the totally legitimate scientist Arthur C. Clarke (who did not know the facts of it's fraudulent origins and only presented what was known at the time) there is reason to investigate the story in a serious way.It was difficult to do hard probing when the hoaxer was a very believable cute little old lady named Anna Mitchell-Hedges who seemed so instantly reliable that on first meeting her you'd trust her to babysit your kids without any further references.But she was an absolute fraud! Whether deluded or wickedly deceptive, and in possible collusion with her father, she fabricated a fantastically believable story of how she acquired the crystal skull by seeing a glimmer in the depth of some Mayan ruins in Belize on her 17th birthday (a detail she always included in telling the story which I thought a bit unusual; you'd expect to find her leaving out the birthday detail once in awhile but she never failed to mention it).We now know she never visited the site of the excavation in which she claims to have found the skull. Another clue that something was amiss is that she always mispronounces excavation as "escavation"in interviews. This always made me wonder about her and her father's actual level of training which we now know was nonexistent. Her father was nothing more than an exotic traveler who had no professional training in any field even remotely related to archaeology.The truth is her father bought the skull at auction and the records of the sale exist to confirm it. The skull was made by a European sculptor who used a European person's skull as the model. Anna Mitchell-Hedges was either delusional or deceptive as was her father. Although her father seems to have held back on perpetuating the hoax, he did include a false reference to the skull as being Mayan in his first autobiography but removes the reference in subsequent editions. And he did not peddle the lie about the skull being an ancient Mayan artifact found in Belize unlike his cunning/delusional daughter did her whole life.My personal opinion based on Anna Mitchell-Hedges obsession with stating that she found the crystal skull on her birthday is that her father gave the skull to her as a birthday present. And he did not just give it to her but planted it in some genuine ruins that Anna Mitchell-Hedges had to actually dig through and so she got to feel the thrill of finding an ancient artifact which she also mentions each and every time she tells the story.The "ruins" were known by Anna Mitchell-Hedges not to be in Belize and the skull was known not to be a genuine ancient origin. But Anna Mitchell-Hedges wanted the story to be true and so she embellished it and elaborated a bit more each time she told it. Every other so-called mystic crystal skull has an equally faulty story behind its origin and paranormal properties.None of the above facts are presented in this episode and remember: all of the above facts were readily and easily available to anyone with an internet connection at the time they produced this utterly valueless episode of "Ancient Alien Whatever".What a waste of time this lowest quality program has become.
I guess it's ironic that the Chinese doctor is minding the English heroin addict given England's Opium Wars against China.  Every episode feels empty and stylized not helped at all by the English accent and speaking manner of the lead actor - it feels very forced and performance-y.  I don't follow the OTHER Sherlock but I was VERY impressed by Benedict Cumberpatch's line delivery in Star Trek: Into the Darkness.THIS Sherlock is very affected, very look at how English I am.  It's no good if it's obvious.
you are led to think you will be seeing the movie instead yousee some people sitting around talking about the move, whocares.
Woman are abducted and forced to fight to the death or else a loved one will die. The opening focuses on Jamie (Rachel Nichols) only to kill her off as our focus switches to Sabrina (Zoe Bell) a former POW who had escaped. The girls fight each other with Phoebe (Rebecca Marshall) being the villain in the group. This is of course entertainment for a rich society run by Joseph (Doug Jones). The film is formulaic as we wait for Sabrina to go Uma Thurman all over everyone.The movie is basically a violent bloody woman on woman fighting. Each has its own background in fighting, but there was nothing in the fighting styles to distinguish them.A fight rental at best.Parental Guide: F-bombs. No sex or nudity.
Story line sounded good but fifteen minutes into the first episode the show &#34;lost the plot&#34; and became just another soap opera with sex taking up way too much time.
&#34;Proxy&#34; makes the mistake of making very specific connections amongst its characters and in its storyline yet sprinkles the world its created within its frames of celluloid with plot holes like some sort of crater-loving Johnny Appleseed. The common thread in the film only seems to be insane behavior with little to no explanation.After Esther loses her baby, you're introduced to her lesbian lover Anika (Kristina Klebe) who is basically a complete knockoff of Lisbeth Salander from &#34;The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.&#34; Anika is covered in tattoos and a complete freak in the bedroom. This is something the film points out on more than one occasion. Anika is incredibly vindictive through and through. She enjoys Esther's company because of her craziness.Meanwhile Melanie's husband Patrick (Joe Swanberg) is not a good father. He's more infatuated with trying to come off as the &#34;cool dad&#34; than anything else. The Patrick character goes through some really funky stuff in the film. Something tragic happens to him and Melanie that affects them both. Melanie begins edging back into society while Patrick kind of retreats internally and resorts to brooding. The character begins having delusions that mostly revolve around torture. The way they haphazardly leave a shotgun lying around makes you wonder why tragedy didn't strike them sooner.If you dig a little and stretch what little substance is there, &#34;Proxy&#34; attempts to say something about people dealing with the grief of losing someone close to them, how the loss affects them, and overcoming what seems like crippling depression. But the film seems to illustrate that everyone under those conditions gives in to wrath and revenge especially when it comes to the Patrick and Anika characters.But none of the characters feel genuine. None of their actions seem like logical, real-life conclusions. The film is very slow-moving and bogged down from uneventful and long strings of dialogue. While &#34;Proxy&#34; is listed as a horror, it's not scary. The scariest part is getting through the entire thing. The film's highlight is a slow-motion shotgun blast sequence in a bathroom, but even that is laughably bad thanks to how thick and jelly-like the blood appears. &#34;Proxy&#34; only seems to illustrate that stupid, insane behavior is spread by proxy and everyone suffers, including the film's audience, because of it.
Sorry but just unable to find real appeal here until the very end, the one factor that cannot be revealed without being a spoiler. And that leaves me willing to watch a second episode. After all, I didn't like Modern Family at first either.
So, I was really expecting something better than this, being a Chris Carter fan. The acting is great, the story had me on he edge of my seat. The language was a bit rough, the f-bomb bombed after the 20th time it was used (come on, aren't we smarter than that?) But you lost me when the &#34;alien&#34; or &#34;demon&#34; was revealed.  Very bad quality, it turned into a B flick for me. I probably would not continue watching this show, cheeeeezy!
I am thinking that if you like Welliver, then you'll probably like this. But if you're unfamiliar with the Harry Bosch crime novels (I've only read one or two), and are not already wild about Harry, then this pilot is a tougher sell because, frankly, it's kind of slow and the supporting characters are tired stereotypes (must every reporter immediately be painted as a jerk in these cop shows? Must every cop/hero's supervisor constantly be antagonistic to our hero?). But the story is somewhat intriguing, and Welliver could grow on me. Of the three new Amazon shows I've watched today, this one is the most promising.
This Project Runway spinoff stresses all the bad elements of its parent, including the principal one: Angst over Art. In the original Runway, Tim Gunn mentors the designers, who often spat and denigrate each other. Here, Gunn mentors three past Runway participants, who then act as mentor to their own small group of designers. So now the designers can spat, the mentors can spat, and the clothes get moved even farther to the back of the stage. Indeed, Project Runway is all about personal validation, rather than validation of one's art, and it wouldn't be part of the Runway franchise if we didn't have tears and self-pity and pretensions of hipness, which we get in spades this time around. There's an episode of disgusting bullying by people who themselves claim to have been bullied (including one of the mentors), as well as a moment involving a confession of attempted suicide that seems to be nothing but a pathetic bid for sympathy to avoid elimination. Tim Gunn, who has now become a caricature of himself, acquiesces in the bullying, not at all to his credit. Then there are the judges, a second rate trio if there ever was one, including one loud-mouthed person who is nothing but smoke and mirrors. I won't divulge the ultimate winners, of course, but I will say that the show partially redeems itself by selecting correctly at the very end. If you enjoy the slummy aspects of Runway, this will appeal to you. If you hate the fact that Runway is like professional wrestling, then you might want to steer clear.
As I wrote in my review of season one, season two was going to make or break Sanctuary. And it broke.Only watched the DVD set, so perhaps if I had spaced it out a bit, it might not have been so bad. Ms Tapping's acting ability failed to come to work with her, effects didn't improve (in some cases were worse), the werewolf guy is still a miscast (it shows more in this season). And just before I started writing this, I see there's a season three!?! Poor sci-fi/fantasy fans. There's so little really good stuff to watch, that some of us will take anything.No more Sanctuary for me. Ever. No surprise amazon has season two "on sale".
Great CGI and a compelling idea, and a great disappointment.  They could have developed so many themes from this premise. but they chose to make it a tale of emotional relationships.  All of the cliches are there: the rebellious teenage daughter, the young lovers, the Hispanic man defending his family, the clever witch, the cardboard males and the powerful women who, between running all the world knock out grown men three times their weight. This soap opera cum CGI seems suitable for teenagers and women, if they are into examining their emotions; adults interested in exploring larger questions need to be warned: this is dumber than Castle. For myself, I'm on to other and better shows, say Crossbones.
It was confusing and boring to the end. At that point the spring out a green devil creeping creature.  No, it was not evens scary.  I would not watch this program.
This is a seriously awesome concept. More Americans need to be aware of what life is like in Burma. Unfortunately, since extremely significant reforms have occurred in Burma, this film would no longer be nearly as powerful as it would have been 2-3 years ago. Aung San Suu Kyi's party has members who have been elected to parliament. She is no longer under house arrest.The film also suffers from extremely generic, stereotypical characters. I could have overlooked this and enjoyed the movie, if the message had still been wholly relevant. However, it isn't.I suppose that this movie could be reworked to take place in Tibet, or North Korea, or Chechnya... or Syria? But, I doubt it. No jungles. Different opposition organizations. Unfortunately, this film probably just needs to be indefinitely shelved. It's too bad. It had potential.
I totally get that stop animation is very very time consuming, and there for expensive, but this was kind of tough to watch. I think it could be great if totally done in stop animation. But this was tough to get through.It had some funny moments. Just a meh because of the animation.
Great.  Another silly movie from a hand held camera.  Wasn't that played out with Blair Witch?  Guess what?  Aliens on the attack in North Carolina.  No, not the aliens that have taken over the NC state legislature.  They're in the mountains.  If you plan on watching this dreck, make it a party game.  Count the number of obvious plot holes.  Here we go kiddies.  A family decides to go camping on the mountain. All this is being shown from the camera of the autistic son. The first night the kids see strange lights in the sky that suddenly take off in multiple directions.  The kids tell the parents, who don't believe them.  The kids don't show them the video. Day 2, the parents go to camp site number 2.  The GPS stops working and the father gets lost and ...you guessed it... they run low on gas. Suddenly they come to a section of road built inside the mountain.  Cars are blocking it and no one is in the cars. Dad, son #1, and the camera kid decide to investigate.  Despite seeing no one in multiple cars, including a cop car, they trudge on through the mountain road expecting, well, what?  Then they see something.  It comes towards them and ... gasp!... it's the alien on the cover.  Everyone runs.  But Dad is &#34;abducted&#34;?  Son #1 gets the family into the car and races to a house they saw along the way.  Queue &#34;Deliverance&#34;.  They run across Jed Clampett.  Not really, but mountain man allows them shelter and guns, while the daughter just freaks out. The aliens attack and one by one ...  well, lets not give away too much of the plot. If you decide to let Amazon abduct your money, make sure you watch the end credits, because... just watch.  It really does seem like this could be a decent movie, but aren't you sick and tired of having to watch jerky film movements that no one in their right mind would film if they were really being chased by ET?  And movies that have no real ending?  If you must watch something like this, I'd suggest the better Area 407 movie.  It's silly too, but it has a satisfying ending.
Like the satire on media and it's entertaining but some parts are just way over the top and not believable.  Not something I can keep on watching for an entire season at this rate.
This flick reminded me of 1984 and THX 1138 mixed.  Same kind of story, but with animation, which was really good, but this one just didn't hold my interest and I fast forwarded through much of it.  Maybe it was just the wrong day for me to watch this video, but to me it was boring.
I found the bridge to be quite boring, the main character appears to be suffering from Asperger's and is quite one dimensional. The Mexican authorities appear to be suffering from every clich&eacute; which americans have heard about them
Good series. Held my attention enough to want to see all the episodes. Enjoyed the characters, actors and stories. Giving it 3 stars because it was enjoyable, but doesn't hold up to better, seasoned British shows such as Prime Suspect.
Moments of real comedy on this show, and sometimes really brave comedy, are almost always followed by moments of truly moronic humor. "Poop" jokes are a favorite, for example. Sarah gets points for the occasionally brilliant surrealistic humor, then loses them for her sheer idiocy. It's hard to like this person/character, despite her occasional genius.She is also very anti-semitic at times. But, she is also Jewish. Are Jews allowed to make nasty fun of Jews and also of manufactured anti-semitic hysteria? Anyone else would be declared a war criminal for making a joke about big noses...but apparently if you're Jewish you can go much, much much farther than that. At one point she even suggests the Holocaust was faked. How dare she? To the electric chair! But wait...she's Jewish...I would love to see more Christian and Buddhist and Hindu and Muslim and Jainist etc comedians who have this sort of egotistical self-loathing cushioned by loathing of everything and everyone else as well. But somehow we don't get much of that.Silverman says that's because the media is largely owned and run by and for the Zionists who make the US fight their wars while they run their banks and Federal Reserve, but she is Jewish, so she can say that. It's darn offensive, however true it may or may not be, and I think she should apologize. It does explain her getting to do a show this offensive, though, so maybe it all makes sense. Her boyfriend is Jimmy Kimmel, perhaps the least talented person on TV (quite a feat), so it all fits together in some arcane fashion.In any case, while there's some uniquely weird and funny stuff here, the poop that surrounds it makes it somewhat of a moot point.It ain't normal, so that's a plus.But it's also often so mean-spirited that it just ain't funny.
I quit after 15 minutes. The main reason was the lighting. The night scenes you could hardly see the characters. I also didn't get how they were framing the shots.
This movie was dull and uninteresting .  It had very little information about the life of Norsemen.  The story was disjointed and dull. I would not recommend it to anyone.
Kind of in the vein of Squidbillies, Aqua Teen Hunger Force, and the like, if you're a Cartoon Network Adult Swim fan.I can't exactly relate to these characters, and it felt like this episode could have been half as long (it sort of dragged), but it's pretty funny.
This storyline is getting on my nerves! What is taking so long for her to remember Nick? I really don't like Juliette anyway so having her character with anybody but Nick is stupid! I say keep her with Nick, accepting his gift, and becoming a doctor to the so called inner beast people. Now that would be perfect! If something don't happen soon I am going to have to start watch once upon a time! LOL
The season has been different. It was sad to see that they killed off one of the main characters in this episode, very disappointing.
What a complete farce. A very dark cinema of murder and mayhem. It stops there!!I wasted my money and paid a premium to see it 'before it is in the theatres'I do not give this even a star. As  a matter of fact it rates a minus 5 for me
Worst series I have sampled lately.  Plot made no sense. Abandoned it after less than 10 minutes.
You can imagine my disappointment when I realized that the series is film in Vancouver and the SF skyline and city shots are CGI in and aside from the CGI they must spend a ton of money on the main charaters wardrobe.That being said the believability of the bending of the law makes this show fun to watch all the while you are studying for the bar exam you have to be grounded in reality somehow because this show does take some liberties.None civil of course.
Reverb starts well.  The characters and situation are interesting.  The initial scare scenes are well done.  But then there are a few contrived story plot points.  (SPOILER AHEAD) Obviously, these are done to get more people involved for the later slasher scenes. If the director had shot a few more scenes depicting how the killer descends into madness, it would have added more believability.From that point forward, the plot unravels.  From my point of view, the scenes are disconnected and thrown together.
Leave it to Eli Roth (director of Hostel) to keep his record intact involving absolutely disgusting movies.  In this one, he plays a dad touring Chili (I think) with two other dudes--Roth's idea of a manflick, I suppose--and constantly trying to hook up with someone.  Trouble is, Roth's character is so gooberish, he would have trouble hooking up at a hookers convention, but I digress.  He and his buddies finally make it with some American chicks to supposedly the ultimate party when disaster strikes in the form of an earthquake.  Suddenly, it's now about how to survive the disaster.  That premise alone might have worked for the film.  What follows does not.If you're asking what follows, I'll give you a little clue:  it seems that during really hellish times in Chili, i.e. MAJOR earthquakes (not to mention that bells are sounding to alert the locals of an apparent tsunami), you now have to worry about thugs crawling the streets who are out to do nothing but rape, torture, and pillage.  That seems to be Roth's speciality, and he is just not content with showing a little carnage; no, the viewer must get the entire buffet.  We have people who are doused with gasoline and then set ablaze (even though they're already crushed by falling rocks), we have impalements, and, oh yeah, we also have a very violent rape.  I understand libido, but if I have to choose between sex and survival, uh, call me maybe?And the ending is about as much a surprise as finding a cherry inside a chocolate covered cherry.  I hope the 12-year old that gave Roth the suggestion at least got credit and payment for his thought.  Rated "R" for very good reasons, this is NOT a movie for anyone under 18.  The rape scene alone should have garnered an unrated rating.
So I thought that this show would resemble Gilmore Girls since the creator Amy Sherman-Palladino had created that show lasting seven seasons, and that the grandmother form Gilmore Girls is a central character on this show. However, I was proven wrong, this show doesn't resemble Gilmore Girls at all, it's about a Vagas show girl who teaches dance in a small town. Granted I haven't finished the first season, but it wasn't that interesting and used plot twists early on like killing off a promising romantic partner for the main character. I guess that the network differences between this show and Gilmore Girls could affect the content, but I would hope not. Anyways as a fan of Amy Sheman-Palladino I am disappointed with this show, however it could also be that I am not interested in ballerina's too. I think it's because I am not familiar with the central topic of the show, ballerina dancers. I won' t be watching this anymore, however, on my favorite show on TV, Parenthood, Gypsy's character from Gilmore Girls has a sideline character in season four/five.
I came to this show for  Mark Pellegrino, who once again should be featured in a show, and is relegated to less than his full talents and acting range. The writing for his villain isn't quite up to snuff- he's the master of delivering great lines. The next advertised star Robbie Amell does an okay job, but the shows brighter stars are all the younger supporting cast. I'll keep watching as I'm a sucker for any supernatural/extra powered kids/superior races. But the market is getting crowded, and ultimately, it's important to keep the story moving, or give the characters good lines and great back stories. I'll stay because I'm a plec faithful, but, it is still very shy of my hopes, but delivers some extra in other areas.
This is a very arty film that's slow in lots of places and really madly violent and fun in other places, its a bit 50/50 really, the story is there but takes a while to shape and has lots of boring pointless scenes where not much happens or you have to think about the deeper meaning of the scene in some arty twisted way that just hurts your brain really as the movie would have been better more simplified as appose to trying to be clever, the best moments are the scenes of violence, they are very strong and very graphically gory most of the time, so plenty of blood splashing, the cast is ok, Gosling is rather wooden again, it worked with drive but not every film he's in, Kristin Scott Thomas gave the best performance as his mother she is very good! Drive will always be Goslings and the directors best film, this is certainly worth checking out once but you may not return to it, the ending is very lacking too, there was no satisfaction in it after such a long drag through the bloody streets of Bangkok, its a neon light painted arty bloody mess, make of it what you will but its not a masterpiece.
Sorry Season 4 is dull and turning into a soap box opera, not enough action, Hope it gets better soon, only show I like to watch on TV. Get all the players back together, Just two main charters can't carry each show. I give it 3 stars lately.
This show needs to be cancelled... it's not even funny anymore.  Ashton is an idiot... really can't stand that guy.
This is nothing more than a nighttime sop-opera.  I love classical music and more specifically Mozart so I was hopeful when I started watching the program.  However what I found was just another Smash (NBC TV Series) only instead of Broadway as the setting it was Symphony politics.  Of course it includes the customary injection of liberal social values that entertainment industry loves to promote.
I pretty much knew what I was getting myself into when I rented this. I knew about the controversial rape scene, and that was my favorite part. Dakota Fanning plays Lewellen, who loves Elvis Presley music and lives with her strict dad and God-obsessed grandmother, who ironically plays Carrie White's mom in the Stephen King classic. This movie makes you feel really uncomfortable regarding her dad getting struck by lightning and becoming dumb, and when she hears that someone has a ticket to see Elvis, she is forced to stip nude for him and dance and sing 'Hounddog' If you wanna see Dakota Fanning get raped, you'll love HOUNDDOG!!!
I decided to give this show a shot since it was free and I missed it on airing. so, I watched the first episode and there really wasn't anything to make me or my family want to continue with the series. John Malkovich is just as odd as usual and doesn't really make any sense in his role. give it a pass unless you are hard up for something to watch.
Have seen a lot worse, and a lot better. This is one of those SciFi Saturday Specials that falls in between; not quite a pile of crap - but a far cry from the smelliest pile that's ever been produced.What I would have appreciated was primer, something a lot more clear than what's provided to us at the beginning of the film. So that's what I'm going to do for you here. If the premise sounds ridiculous - it is. So you need to make up your mind as to watching it based on the primer itself.Ready?Okay here it is: For some unknown reason an alien enemy has decided that it needs to destroy mankind. Now, normally that would be via war or invasion. But in this case the aliens have decided to use a manufacturing plant that pumps out humans converted into zombies.These zombies are very difficult to kill, very strong, and come equipped with their own arm pike/blade/pick-axe. Their mission is to destroy humanity, and those that somehow survive their initial rabid assaults, are then pulled back to the manufacturing plant for conversion to new zombies.Got that so far?So when this first happened mankind was nearly destroyed. But with one last ditch all-or-nothing supreme effort - humanity fought back and won a stalemate by burying the manufacturing plant and sealing it off.We now jump ahead a few thousand years. The previous global destruction bought about vast changes in civilization and (importantly) most of what happened before the aliens attacked has been forgotten; mankind has rebuilt themselves to a version of the world circa 1915 - a time when we are literally reliving World War I. Trench warfare, doughboys, kaiser inspired troops, gas attacks, etc, etc. A few notable differences are that the world is run by corporations not governments and they have steam powered flying ships.Got that?Okay, so during this continuous corporate battle for resources - battle troops accidentally release the seal holding back the zombie manufacturing plant and then all hell breaks loose - literally.Again on the verge of being wiped out - a small band of heroes sets off to end the threat once and for all, led ostensibly by a monk/priest of the old order. The same ones who led the battle against the aliens the last time. They are the only remaining believers - the rest of world, especially the corporations, think they're quaint ridiculous religious nuts. But they held onto the records from the last battle and are the only ones who have the secret to ridding themselves of the zombie machine.That's your primer. Now it's on you to decide whether or not you want to watch the film.I will add this - the director seems to have borrowed much from the same team that brought about the Angelina Jolie film "Sky Captain And The World Of Tomorrow" in that much of the film is digitally created with real actors working against a green screen. But that's not a bad thing. The CGI driven scenes are surprisingly good and mostly believable.The storyline is an another thing altogether. I will say that Thomas Jane does a pretty bang-up job as the hard drinking, war weary veteran enlisted to stop the aliens.
While the show was kind of amusing, like in the first episode where they block a drain in the loading dock of their company to create a pond, without thinking of where trucks will unload; the entire premise of the show is highlighting the old stereotype of how stupid Southerners are. The Patriarch of the family who advises his grandson that it doesn't matter if his future wife is homely as long as she can cook, got my back up, and then the continuous portrayal of hunting for frogs ( a personal favorite animal of mine) beavers (another favorite) and on and on, put me off, and what might be kind of funny because the characters are so odd, just left me cold. I know people hunt to live, and there are regional specialties of the South(I live near Everglades and frog-legs are big here) I simply couldn't watch frogs having their feet cut off, skinned, etc. I almost want to take Season 1 home and give it just one more try, because there were funny moments I could identify with like when the snake falls into the boat from a tree(this actually happened to me once) and the guy goes over the side to get away. If I can watch vampires feed on people (ie; True Blood) and love it anyway, maybe I can get past all the "political" incorrectness by thinking of it as Archie Bunker meets Honey Boo-boo. I reserve my final analysis till after I view one more episode.
i loved the first 2 seasons but this new season has well not held my attention i dont care what happens to the weird new yorker boyfriend i am not impressed i watched several episodes but i just couldnt get back the desire to watch this season i might try later but really ditch the boyfriend one new yorker in dixie is enough
The original V/H/S was a work of genius and I knew it would be a hard act to follow. It's the story of a group of rather disgusting retrograde human beings who raid a house looking to find a VHS tape for which they'll receive a reward of $1000 for just one night's work. When they get to the house they find lots of tapes, and assign one fellow to watch them. What he sees is a horror story, and when the story is finished, by golly if they guy hasn't disappeared. It goes on and becomes an anthology of excellent found-footage horror.This one doesn't feature particularly unseemly characters. There's all sorts of cheating on the found footage thing: every segment involves us seeing through cameras, but usually we also see a whole bunch of stuff that's not being filmed through any lens, including straight first person POV stuff. And the worst thing is that it begins with not one but two unforgivably boring and unoriginal entries, one a story about a guy with a prosthetic camera eye, and guess what. They guy is secretly surrounded by creepy ghosts with white face make up. eek i'm so scared, not. Then a zombies in the woods bit with the camera mounted on the head of a guy who gets bitten. Yawn.Then all of a sudden we're taken into a third narrative about an Indonesian documentary crew penetrating a cult compound, and guess what. One of the documentary crew members is pregnant&#8212;with a goat headed Satan baby! Everything about this one is done right. And it's followed immediately by the best alien abduction set piece I have ever seen. If you get this movie, feel free to fast forward to just a little before the halfway point, and catch these two awesome shorts!
Why was this given 5 stars? It's not funny, it may be smart but so what. Not worth it but I am guessing it will get picked for some odd reason!
Here's the thing when you adapt a videogame to a movie: make sure the videogame has a plot, interesting characters, and a lot of fun ideas.  Don't pick a racing game.  A racing game is cars driving.  End of story.  Even Space Invaders or Q-Bert or Duck Hunt have better source material for a movie.This is a waste of time.  Bad acting.  Bad writing.  Nothing to care about.  And I really do wish Aaron Paul well, after loving Breaking Bad so deeply.  But this is a flop of flops.Wanna know what happens?  I'll tell you: vroom, vroom, beep beep, screech, and people talking.  That's what this movie is.With some cool cars thrown into the mix.If you wanna see action with hot cars and driving stunts, even Expendables 2 is better than this.  But all the Fast and Furious movies will do.  All the James Bond movies will do--especially the new ones.Or go &#34;old school.&#34;  The Cannonball Run movies.  Smokey and the Bandit movies.  Dukes of Hazzard reruns.  Knight Rider reruns.  Trust me.  All better than this movie.Only rent it for a dollar at a big metal box usually painted red.  Or just avoid at all costs.  Because, you'll want your dollar back.
As a fan of high school comedies (Election being almost perfect) this pilot disappoints.  Nothing seemed real about it.  Juvenile teachers or actors imitating juvenile teachers, it was just dull.  Made me wince.  The principal has possibilities, but only if the teachers are much more on top of things than he is.At least two of the three teachers seemed like warmed over Joel McHale imitations.  Nuh, uh.
I'm not much of a sports fan, but I would watch this again. I thought it had a nice mix of humor, and innuendo.
Blah, blah, blah...junky story the family dynamic and age disparity of the children just makes no sense.  Just didn't like it, couldn't finish it but still didn't hate it as  much as The After.
Has many flaws in my opinion that make it not worth the money.  If it were free, okay.  The best way to describe what I disliked about this movie is to ask the question, &#34;Why would you put your tongue on a buzz saw to see if the blade is turning?&#34;  That does not happen in this movie, but if it had--maybe the movie would have been better.
The first two seasons were great. There were many lines I couldn't help but laugh at, even after hearing them repeatedly. Sadly, there were only one or two in the whole third season. And they devoted more time to archer and less on the supporting cast, a major mistake in my opinion.
I think Matt Smith will successfully kill this franchise after 50 years. Too bad old chap! You just don't emote the complexities of the Doctor.
a late 20s something woman is best friends with her male work colleague at a brewery. the film is them socializing mostly after work; they also have a fight and make up. they go to a cabin with their boyfriend and girlfriend, and their partners share a kiss. all of this happens with what seemed to me to be an excessive amount of beer drinking, making me wonder if the characters were alcoholics. also, for characters drinking the amount of beer they guzzled, don't recall seeing anyone take a bathroom break, nor did any of the characters appear to suffer from beer stomach bloat (which I've seen in real life after people drink lots of beer). I'm middle age and my bladder is not what it once was, and these characters are at least 20 years younger than me, but they were really pouring down the beer and I would've found the story at least somewhat more relateable if the characters had gone to the bathroom after such excessive imbibing. Strength of the story: I think the writer/director wanted to feature a woman/man relationship that wasn't sex-based, which did make for a nice change, but the woman character needed to do something more than break up with her boyfriend, have a one night stand with another work colleague, and have a fight and make up with her best friend, to make the story interesting. The main relationship in the film is the Olivia Wilde character and her male friend, but the story needed to provide more information about them to attach us to them. What I learned principally about them is that they both loved to drink beer: not enough reason for audience members who are non drinkers to form an emotional attachment to them. They don't seem dumb; we just aren't told enough about them to care about them.
I  used to like the weekly series that dominated television ratings during the &#8220;Dallas&#8221; years.  The only difference is that it&#8217;s earthlings and aliens living in the same neighborhood... Some evil personalities who want to control, some who want to get even, and some who just want a peaceful co-existance.  I kinda like it.
This whole show went downhill fast!  Very bummed!  It had some potential but it is not pulling anything off except an effort to gross you out and pin every stupid sex act for shock value gee, havent seen enough of that garbage around.... Where is the storyline???
I miss Brenda. Otherwise, it is fairly entertaining and Mary McDonnell is good at her part; I just miss Brenda
I saw only the first episode and was not impressed. Very bleak, unlikable characters and a depressing story-line. Maybe I'll give it another chance later -- if I can find it online.
This season has been in many ways a different show. The darkness that has befallen on  all the characters is almost too much to take. The escalation of graphic violence is what has become most disturbing to me. First Tigg's daughter and now Opie?  Yes this is the underbelly of this gang life, although Sutter has driven it to almost cartoon absurdity proportions, but it seems the humanity of this show, along with the  great writing, is being lost in trying to achieve a warped narcissistic street cred this season. I feel it is a total cop out that first Piney goes out like he did and then his son goes out even worse? Come on Kurt where is the honor that SAMCRO once had? Maybe they never had it?Either way to see them sink to the level of gang bangers and psychopaths is disappointing.I know they already are sociopaths, but we love these characters man and to think Bobby Valentine is  the only  hope of redemption for the club at this  point.Now on a totally different subject if Clay escapes the same fate as Piney and Opey.... man there is no justice. The only levity of this episode was knowing that Clay probably ratted Neo out LMAOI am still  holding  out for this show to reach a pinnacle with its swan song but so far we ain't even close.Its becoming Kill Bill on steroids.More character development and less violence please." I Got This" 12/6/2012The opening scene was the best of the episode IMHO great sequence and the music was perfect.Ok onto the review... I will begin that Freud and Oedipus would be  very pleased with this outcome. I guess I should have faced facts and seen the bloody mess on the wall that is the family Teller. Over all this ending was very  disappointing and an emotional vacuum, and we were livid about the BSG ending?Sutter missed a grand opportunity to  give Jacks a shred of happiness or release of even some of his pain but instead he allows him to surrender, or rather readily embrace the madness that has imprisoned him his entire life.Can anyone say mommy issues?After Opie was  gone he was toast.Plus how Opie went down was a freakin' disgrace.Yes  some  justice was finally served but it was undermined with the sickness of redundancy and the weakness of character of too many.No emotional reckoning  for anyone except Bobby Elvis and Tara and she is royally fraked.Maybe she can  hook up with Wendy in like 2036?I came to hate Jacks this season and really none of the characters in the end has a  ounce of humanity that was emotionally moving to me.Ok Bobby but he  hardly had any lines in this one.That pit bull they rescued this show had the most heart.Plus no music by White Buffalo this season?Another missed opportunity.So life lessons to consider after five years of this tribe?Be in the moment and act in love because  after your dead...you will be soon forgotten."Redwoods live Sons die""C'est la vie"SAMCRO
Well done, but slow.  Not shallow, not that deep.  But an example of how life sometimes can be so earnest and lead good people astray.Not quite redemption, not quite surrender.  The ending isn't quite satisfying and yet is fitting.Like life, everyone does very well with their part, but their part just isn't that good.  Something one will not overcome.
I watched this show as an free mindless enjoyment. It was quite frankly okay, until Maxine showed up. All of a sudden she is in charge, with some feeble threats against some real tough guys, that would not even make us weak ones flinch. Her all too well organized rave and fighting fiasco brings in more rowdy men than live under the dome and not only that, they let her keep the loot. It is extremely questionable that a bunch of burly mob, already under stress would let her get away with that. it's more likely they would stampede her to death and afterwards fight among them selves for the loot.Oh, and the voluntary gun give up. Is this Chester' s Mill Hollywood or Chester' s Mill USA. Because in Chester' s Mill USA, hardly anyone I know would give up their guns so easily. In all reality they would not give them up without a fight. That shows us how far Hollywood is removed from reality. This is complete nonsense. Don't get me wrong, I'm a bleeding liberal, I just know my people. As I've seen from living in Los Angeles, the Hollywood liberals are rather fundamentalists with little tolerance for other people's views. Usually in my own quite mind, I call them Liberal Fascists. Believe me, I know people that have had to change their views politically to stay in their carriers and not to be ostracized from the industry.  That is reality not a theory of any kind.Another thing is, that the only people living in this town seem to be the main characters, everyone else seems to be able to leave the Dome and come back at the show director's command. Houses are not much getting broken into and as someone is looting salt from a store, another person is drinking wine on a cozy evening like there is an endless supply. The actors are pretty good and well, kinda save the show, but the directing and production is just awful, one of the worst I've seen. Both the director and the producer should just pack up their stuff, leave Hollywood and go back where they came from.The two stars I give this show are here for the actors. There is nobody else on this show that deserves any stars.
This was pretty over the top with the amount of drug use and the premise has been done before in both football and baseball (see Major League).  Limited potential for future development.
I saw the trailer for this flick months ago and it made me want to see more. I wanted to love it, but the plot and poor acting made it almost unbearable to sit through. I applaud the fil makers for their work although I still believe Disney is behind the movie somehow. You'll actually see very little Disney products.  Instead you'll see poorly made green screen backgrounds oft he parks. I'd save your money and spend it elsewhere.
Horror comedy about a bunch of blasphemous exorcists who regularly engage in sin because that somehow makes them better at casting out demons.  The premise makes no sense whatsoever but that wouldn't be a big problem if there were laughs--but the only way this movie could actually be less funny would be if it gave you cancer, too.  Some movies just don't work--Hellbenders fails miserably as a comedy or horror film--it's genuinely painful to sit through.
Good show. I hate scripted shows that portray reality. Would have got more stars if it didn't seem so fake.
Poorly written. Yet another show about political dolts in DC? No thanks. How about some sort of setup so we understand that congresspeople actually live together while their families stay back in their home states?
The Duck Dynasty show is very funny, All the family goes on different adventures, Its a bit repeating though, Nothing changes much. from show to show, good message, and funny bits, Gets old fast though.
I suppose one should feel grateful that filmmaker Anne Fontaine (Coco Before Chanel) doesn't stoop to montages of crashing waves on the Australian surf to epitomize the ecstasy that two middle-aged women feel when they fall in love with each other's sons in this solemn 2013 melodrama that treats its taboo subject with surprising matter-of-factness. The core of the story lies in the misguided affections between older women and younger men, but the oedipal nature of the relationships give the film a moral subversion that never really titillates. That's because Fontaine and screenwriter Christopher Hampton (Atonement) appear more interested in the characters' inability to let go of one another in an idyllic setting in a remote cove in New South Wales (beautifully lensed by cinematographer Christophe Beaucarne). Based on Doris Lessing's 2003 novella,The Grandmothers, the film centers on lifelong best friends Lil and Roz, beautiful women in their mid-forties and true soulmates who live very close to each other. Lil is a widow, while Roz's husband is a theater director who finds a better opportunity in Sydney fully expecting Roz and son Tom to move with him. Meanwhile, Tom and Lil's son Ian have over the years become best friends who like nothing more than to surf and spend their days lying on a floating pier in the sun, a major symbol of escape in the story.However, late one night, Ian gives Roz a passionate kiss which signals the beginning of their insatiable affair. When Tom finds out about their tryst almost immediately, he seduces Lil in an act of sexual revenge, but it quickly turns into an affair of equal carnality. Because the boys made the first moves, both women do not regret the consummations that occur, and in fact, jointly celebrate the love they have been able to find in their own backyards. They commit to their respective arrangements for quite some time until the inevitable occurs. Younger rivals show up and force Roz and Lil to reassess the long-term feasibility of their relationships. Years elapse, and when they become, in fact, grandmothers to their boys' girls, the unconditional bonding that occurs between the two mothers becomes genuinely intractable, and even when betrayals occur, their loyalty remains uncompromised. Ironically, this is part of the film's pervasive problem. While I wasn't expecting knockdown catfights given the film's reverential tone, I was waiting for scenes of more palpable tension that would have given a sense of jeopardy to their friendship. Fontaine, however, would have none of those melodramatic conventions in her film.From her perspective, the true love story is between the two women, and the males are simply plot devices to give them something to talk about. Despite some awkward dialogue that would likely draw an unintended guffaw in a crowded theater, the performances of the two leading actresses are exceptional. Not looking as shopworn as she tries to convey, the ever-youthful Naomi Watts (The Impossible) portrays Lil with a mix of insecurity and confusion that comes across as quite natural. With a flawless Australian lilt and her model-ready beauty not about to fade into the night, Robin Wright (House of Cards) brings a sexy world-weary &eacute;lan to Roz that makes it easy to see why Ian would fall in love with her. As Ian, Xavier Samuel (Twilight Saga: Eclipse) brings out all the latent angst of his smitten character, while James Frecheville (Animal Kingdom) plays Tom in a flatter, more elliptical manner since his character is the most sketchily drawn of the four. For a movie that relies so heavily on creating a sense of empathy for the two women, I was constantly surprised how little Fontaine drew on either actress' innate ability to build a higher level of emotional resonance in their characters. Perhaps that was the director's intention, but the limitations of her distant approach become all too clear in the melodrama of the last half-hour.
"When you take him down you take him down hard and I'll make sure the whole world is watching." Max Lewinsky (McAvoy) is a detective who is good at what he does. When he finally gets the chance to stop Jacob Sternwood (Strong), the man he has been looking for, he ends up getting shot and Jacob gets away. Three years later Jacob's son winds up in the hospital and Max again sees a chance to take him down but the closer he gets to Jacob the more truths he begins to uncover. I have been a fan of the British crime dramas for awhile now. I was looking forward to seeing this one. This one isn't too bad but I have seen others that I have liked more. The acting is great and the story keeps you involved and interested to see what is going to happen. There are enough twists in the movie to keep you guessing. It does seem a little slow in some parts but for the most part this is a good movie and if you are a fan of the genre then you will enjoy this one as well. Overall, a movie I enjoyed being a fan of this type of movie. I give it a B.
Enjoyed the acting but it was kinda disjointed and ended badly...it needs a 2nd season! A bit too preachy too.
Utterly devoid of entertainment value. Makes you long for the old end-of-day test pattern.
This came from a book, the book sounds like it was probably heavily influenced by HP lovecraft's books. I don't know. However this movie is like a drug trip in that it jumps all over the place. It's possible to understand what has happened , because they spell it out at the end. SO it does make sense. It's interesting and filled with dark humor. The movie is for fans of very weird movies that wander about in plot.  But you will understand it at the end.  It's a ok film, and the acting is good in this film. It's not a grade c film with no budget, this is a studio film basically done by people with some experience. It's not for the average sci fi or horror fan though. As this is too eccentric and strange for many people imo. I did enjoy it though , it reminded me of some old jess franco film where there is little plot but it's a visual feast.  So if  you want a straight forward horror film , look elsewhere.  The blu ray looks good as this is a new film so it has a spotless look.  I enjoyed it , but that's not what most people might say about this strange film.
There was a lot of action, as well as twist and turns. Angelina Jolie is a tough ass, as usual, but while salt was definitely entertaining to watch, the storyline was a dry, done, and out-dated. I mean Russian spies in 2010?!? Come on... It left a lot to be desired.
I am confused about the hype and raves for this film. It is a wanna-be quirky independent film using trite jokes and unreal situations in a world that doesn't require a release form. We are told that Bruce has spent his life torturing and filming his brother Frankie from the film blurb. We get to see one quick episode, hear about a second one, that really had nothing to do with Bruce and the movie is about a third one that again, Bruce (Chris O'Dowd) just happens to film.The whole set up and building of characters was done in a very poor fashion. The get together of Frankie(Charlie Hunnam) and Lassie (Lizzy Caplan) was slightly humorous, but there was no good follow up. Bruce was extremely unlikeable. Frankie only slightly less so. The characters overall are meh, even the over the top Ron Pearlman..."call me Phyllis now" tried so hard to be funny, that it wasn't.This is a sex comedy that lacks the crudeness of successful sex comedies, and lacks the cleverness of a good indie. It is a hybrid that doesn't reproduce. Some may find it amusing, I don't recommend it, even as a rental.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex, nudity.
I really liked Keeping up with the Kardashians about 6 seasons ago.  The plot is never changing and it's always such super high drama for a bunch of rich people.  This season is disappointing and not worth the money.
This is a rather predictable romantic comedy, a story already told hundreds of times. It's a satisfactorily pleasant way to spend an evening, but neither pioneering nor memorable. Did I enjoy it? Kind of. Do I recommend it? Well, sort of. What did I like about it? I can't really remember. What did I dislike? Not much of anything in particular. Probably not an especially helpful review, but this movie does not inspire me enough either way to lead me to greater helpfulness. Sorry.
Really I couldn't.  From the very beginning the characters were not funny and were unoriginal. Also, I don't understand the need for graphic language in a comedy show.  I didn't make the show better.
Could not follow such a stupid theme.  Doubt it will get much further than this pilot.  Not funny at all.
This series has for the most part been enjoyable to watch. The process of finding the guilty party holds your interest.
If Katie Sackhoff had been hired to play Jamie Summers and if the writers had all been fired and replaced by people capable of actually writing good stories, intelligent characters and compelling stories this might have been a great show.  But she wasn't, they weren't and it most certainly was not.  I also sincerely wish Hollywood would stop casting pretty over talented or even suitable for the part.  Very disappointing.
I still like the show, I just kind of enjoy the early seasons better... It seems that right about this season they stop singing the original map song as much and my daughter really enjoys that song.
After watching these people I feel like I need to take a shower. Where do they find these hoarders they make it seem like there is one in every neighborhood. The show is good but after a couple of episodes it is all the same someone with OCD who has too much stuff and can't part with it. I often wonder if it is even real. One season would have been enough.
Interesting seeing the 'inside' of politics, acting is good, but do not enjoy the constant 'f' words, or the mas ter bation scene. Mark Consuelos plays a man whore, giving a woman oral sex in one episode. Guess this is what television is coming to.
This show is like an indie and way more gritty version of Parenthood. It's watchable, but it needs some fixing. It needs to find a heart and make it a little more upbeat. I'd need to see a second episode to really know if I want to commit to this show.
Today marks the first day I've ever seen this show.  This is just an off-the-top-of-my-head review.The first scenario involved a husband who said his wife accidentally shot herself.  However, the forensics prove that she could not have done so.  The husband was a lawyer and he was having an affair with a judge.  That reminded me of the female astronaut who drove for eight hours wearing adult diapers.  The point is: people in prestigious professions sometimes do stupid things for love/lust just like the way a Jerry Springer guest would.I watch "Forensic Files" religiously.  I immediately began comparing/contrasting the two shows.  This show is twice as long, so I figured they must go into depth more.  However, they have two scenarios in many episodes.  So it's just like watching two consecutive episodes of "Forensic Files" which is ofte how it's aired on TruTV anyway.  In fact, the second scenario here was reported on "Forensic Files."  I could tell because they showed the white murder victim wearing traditional Japanese garb.  This makes me wonder if there aren't that many forensics-saved-the-case fact patterns in the world.  However, that may be a good thing if that means the murder rate is getting lower in this country.  This scenario showed a theme often relayed on "Forencic Files": single women who leave their doors open or are just moving in and violating men take advantage of them.  Single women: please lock your doors and windows as much as possible!  I think Polynesian guys are hot and they had a Polynesian interviewee here.  I also looooove butt chin and one interviewee has a butt chin so deep, he could compare to Kirk Douglas or Andy Dyck.This show is quite similar to "Forensic Files" and sometimes there's not too much of a good thing.
When &#34;Under the Dome&#34; premiered in the summer of 2013, I was excited as anyone to see Stephen King's novel come to life.  That excitement seemed to have payed off, as the few first episodes were mind-boggling in terms of visuals and atmosphere.  Simply put, the show looked like a real winner.Sadly, I don't know if I've ever seen a show take such a nose-dive.  For the last half of Season One and so far into this Second Season, the quality of the plots/characters has descended into an absolute mess.  I usually don't like to review an &#34;unfinished product&#34;, so to speak, but I became so frustrated with this show that I had to cut ties.  The other night, I sat down to watch the third episode of this second season.  About 15 minutes in, I thought to myself &#34;why am I watching anymore?&#34;.  It had become a chore, and that's when I know it is time to hang it up.Basically, I think what happened to this show is that it made the decision to stray from King's novel.  Had they just done a 10-15 episode mini-series and stuck to the events King penned, this show might have really worked.  As it is now, though, they are just treading water (and, I would argue, barely staying afloat) and wasting time.  The characters are going nowhere, each episode does very little to resolve (or sometimes even reference) the dome mystery, and let's face it...acting was never a strong suit of &#34;Under The Dome&#34;.It pains me to say, as I had such high hopes and excitement for this show, but it is a mess right now.  Until the show creators make the decision to narrow the focus and actually start focusing on real issues (not just a &#34;story of the week&#34;) approach, it will continue to flounder.  I have a feeling, though, that the viewing public will not stick around longer enough to give them that opportunity.
Not as good as Stargate or Battlestar Galactica or even Farscape. Great effort, though.
became quickly bored with the episode and did not even finish watching.  disposable characters which did not generate any feeling of attachment
So many possibilities.  But this wasn't it.  Every single bit of this pilot was OVERTHETOP.  There were no sentences spoken - there were "incredibly clever lines" delivered at manic speed.  When every situation is over-played for its own well deserved hilarity (in the minds of the persons who wrote the bit), it stops being funny and becomes tedious.  That and the level of sophistication was teetering between high school and middle school.  For instance?  There is no such thing as a nano-millimeter, so the character who had one eye smaller than the other by that amount - lost the intended impact -- presumably aimed at the marketing of appearance of news anchors.  If you assume your audience is too stupid to notice, you've done your audience a disservice.  I'm more inclined to think the writers were too sloppy to check.  The whole show was like that, too 'too' to care. What a waste of all those talented actors.If possible, I won't give this thing a single star, it would only give them a false sense of accomplishment.Nope it's not possible, I had to choose at least one star.  Fine, one star for having the chutzpah to put this pilot out there.
and this show did not disappoint. It is funny and fast moving. There were only a relatively few shows listed for the season. I hope they are planning a season two.
Just not funny. Shows 5 different peoples butt (and trust me when I say, it's not attractive). Add that to awkward sex scenes and conversations
This has all the elements that you'd expect in a toddler show, and our four year old enjoyed it.  I'm just not sure the moral story of &#34;wishing&#34; is something I want my kid to see.  I'd much rather teach imagination or creating something rather than &#34;wishing&#34; for it.
You know one thing I dont understand about shows like this, you know wilderness survival and such, how come you are trying to go back to our roots and all,right?, so you use an axe to chop wood, but you have a gas operated chainsaw to cut trees down?, and you got a freaking snowmobile, but you try to make fire with two sticks?(no lighter), WTH man, I dont know what these people are thinking, including the producers. Whats the freaking point? If the point of the show is to show how they survive in the woods, using old school techniques, then why do you have a snowmobile? Why dont you show me how you survive with knife and an axe?
I was very excited to hear that Mr. Spader was returning to television in The Blacklist.  I enjoyed his portrayal of Alan Shore in The Practice and Boston Legal very much.  He has also done some great acting in movies and other series.  That said he can't save The Blacklist from being incredibly silly and unrealistic.  Rocky and Bullwinkle were involved in more realistic espionage operations.  Completely over the top.  I can suspend my disbelief quite a bit but not to the extent that the writers are asking me to.  Did they even do basic research on the operational mandate of the FBI?  LOL.  If in episode two, Spader wakes up in a pod wired up by the machine overlords to be a battery for their civilization and it turns out that the whole plot of the first show was just a dream to keep him under control I might continue watching.
I was curious about this movie. I finally caught it on Netflix today. It started out intriguing and silly. I usually like silly movies with creatures such as ThanksKilling but this movie almost took itself too seriously. A man named Duncan is having troubles with his stomach. Whenever he's too stressed and has to use the restroom (putting it nicely) he releases a tiny little monster from his butt that goes out and kills people that Duncan has a problem with. He tries to bond with it and decides to name him Milo. If you like weird creature features, you may enjoy BAD MILO!!!
This is the same exact people who told the story on "A Haunting: House of Horrors [Season 5]". Since I already know how the story goes, I just felt this is an ok episode. But the acting the portrayal of the ghost is scarier and better than the one broadcasted in "A Haunting" series.SPOILER ALERT!!! I am just wondering if the Allen House is really like a heritage house or not. The one on this series does not seem to be heritage like house.
Really? Couldn't they have found more capable &#34;men&#34; for this series? The only one who isn't a complete &#34;mountain moron&#34; is the dude in MT. The other 2 shouldn't even be on.
I didn't know JOHN DIES is based on a book by David Wong.  I saw the trailer and it looked like it might be fun and inventive, so I rented it.  The film has the manic energy of EVIL DEAD in some of its bizarre images and dark humor.  Unfortunately, it loses steam halfway through and the cleverness succumbs to sheer foolishness and a rushed attempt to tie up loose ends.  The end result for us non-Wong neophytes is less than satisfying.  I respect those fans who have a deeper understanding of the book and felt the movie falls short of their expectations.  Director Don Coscarella (sp) had the right idea but just didn't follow through.  Cameron Williamson and Rob Mayes are affable as David and John.  Glynn Turman is pretty effective as the disgruntled cop, but Paul Giamatti, Clancy Brown and Daniel Roebuck are only passable.  If really interested in seeing JOHN DIES AT THE END, you may want to read the book to appreciate it more fully.
I suggest you take notes if you'd like to remember any facts from these biographies for dinner conversations as it goes by real fast. Entire years can be covered with one sentence. Plus the change of topics can go so quickly you might mash two historical incidents into one.However, if you're looking for a &#34;once over lightly&#34; history lesson, this series is for you.
I actually watched the first 2 seasons on tv. I gave only 3 stars because the males seem to be depicted as having gotten mush in the brain since the first episode and act a little like weak women. While the women seem to have taken over and are front and center. Not as good a show to me now and that is why I stopped watching it on tv. I know the &#34;matriarchy is coming&#34; but come on Hollywood not yet :(
I like ghost/paranormal shows so I decided to see what this was about.  Its alright.  But there aren't moments like in other shows that scare me!  But still an alright show.
A silly zombie at the end spoiled it for me! Had promise with the disparate group of people facing the 'end of the world, but the zombie ruined it!
Let's see..folks are trapped in a dome but the wind still blows, people are ripping off each other's heads, looting stores in one scene and within 5 minutes they're shopping like nothing happened.  The acting...the principle female character who played a nurse in the one season of a much better show: a gifted man is a terrible actress...pretty but a terrible actor.  In short: The plot is dumb and the acting is even worse
I am not a huge Duggar lover, but this season was fairly good.  I wanted to see how they handled the trip to Asia.
If you like fake tough guys, moronic story lines and dialogue that could have been written by a chimp, then this is your show.
The trials and tribulations of neophyte vegans.  Interesting but not inspiring, at least not to me.  It may be noble to be vegan but the film lacked energy.
Veronica Mars - The Complete Third Season is pretty much a mixed bag. This was the last season of this cult classic and I can understand why this show was cancelled. Kristen Bell who plays Veronica Mars is a good actress but the plotlines and glossy writing is too much. The characters were one-demensional and artifical. Stick with the first two seasons instead, season three was a snoozefest.
Not sure about this one. We watched it but doubt we'll ever re-watch it. It did fit right into the series however so if you like that as we do...it's worth watching but not a must watch. In otherwords you can live without it and not miss much as in background etc. I'd recommend if you are a huge fan of the series but I wouldn't push it or even bring it up to others unless it came up in a conversation for some reason. Sort of a shrug from the old shoulder comes to mind kind of movie. Then again...some people just want more even if it's not fully delivered it does give some more and it isn't all bad...just not great. Three stars is just right.
Gil (Daniel Hugh Kelly) gets the infamous Monkey's Paw passed on down to him. After he gets terminated from his job, he gives the paw to Jake (C.J. Thomason) an employee, who he in part blames for his termination. Jake uses the paw in W.W. Jacobs fashion and disrupts the lives of everyone he knows.The film is fairly straight forward. It lingered for a long time on the second wish with the predictable ending. For those who are not familiar with the story, the movie might seem a little better than three stars.Parental Guide: No f-bombs that I recall. Some adult language. Near sex, some minor grinding. no nudity.
It hasn't been that long since I rented this movie and I have already forgotten the thing. That might provide a clue as to how good a movie this is. I streamed it via Roku after paying Amazon for the privilege and though I think I paid less than $3.00 to rent it I still feel a bit ripped off.I cannot recommend this movie in any way.
Loved the X-Files and was really hoping for another well-written show with great characters and great writing...this wasn't it. It's a bunch of unlikable people dropping the F-bomb every other word and making dumb decisions. The ending was definitely a shocker, but not enough here to bring me back.
REALLY badly written.... actors seem rather embarrassed to be there throwing these lines.  premise isn't bad, but this is a fumble from the snap.  they need to find the handle on the ball on this one.
"The first signs that something was wrong happened 6 weeks before July 4th." While setting up for the big July 4th festivities a small town in Maryland discovers some residents dead and no clues as to why. The more the doctors investigate the scarier it gets until the whole town is soon infected. This is yet another found footage type movie but it isn't like most of the others. This one is done in more of a interview fashion with the footage being used to help tell the story. Also because of the director (who has done real movies such as Rain Man and The Natural) the movie is technically much better then most of these types. The problem is that even though it flows better and looks better it is still a little boring. The way it is presented makes it seem like more of a documentary then a horror and I was not really scared at all watching. I will say that if you are a fan of these found footage type movies then you will most likely really like this too. Overall, better then most movies like this but not scary and a tad slow. I give it a C.
Not a great movie.  If you can watch it for free that go for it.  My bet is that you turn it off after about 15 minutes.
I think someone else also mentioned the similarities to The Incredibles, and I have to agree. Even the opening music was the same kind of music, as well as the whole opening title sequence...it was just too similar. You might want to rethink that if you don't want your audience to think "Hey, is this The Incredibles II?".Also, while the script is mostly good, you really need to ditch all the references to other movies. Do you want your audience to remember YOUR movie, or all the references to all those other movies? I mean, people quote movie lines because they were memorable and unique, so that's what YOUR script should be - UNIQUE. It should be able to stand on its own without having to steal from 50 other movies in order to get a few laughs. Speaking of laughs, I LOL'd when the brother called the sister shrew-zilla.I disliked the stereotypical self-centered daughter. I mean, I am SOOOO tired of all teenage girls being portrayed as whiny, selfish, superficial morons who only care about one thing - themselves. Whether real teenage girls are like that or not is beside the point. You need to show her as being a little deeper than she is otherwise her change at the end is too drastic. And why not show girls that they don't have to act that way?The evil dude, Flamingo or whatever his name is...his sole motivation is that he's pissed because the original Grim Avenger made him turn pink? Really?! Yeah, that just didn't work for me. I realize he's supposed to be a psychopath, but still...he needs more to drive him than that. Otherwise, he's just too one-dimensional and boring.At about an hour and fifteen minutes in, I actually got really bored. It needs to be tightened up around that point. The whole set-up is good, but it kinda slows down there, and then picks up again when the kids get taken and the dad realizes what it truly means to him to be a super hero. That part was good, if a tad overly sentimental. The whole "family" message is good and all, but maybe don't shove it down our throats so much that we gag on it.I hope my review doesn't sound like I absolutely hated this movie. I think it's a good premise, and the message of being a family and working as a team is a good take-away. I just think the writers used too many other sources to tell their story. If they can figure out a way to tell THIS story without taking so much from elsewhere, it'll be really good.
Is it me, or does Hannibal sound like he's talking with his head beneath the sand and a mouth full of marbles all at the same time?  My wife and I catch above 75% of what he says which makes this portrayal a bit torturous to watch.  I'm all for playing Hannibal in an understated way but this actor is so... one note...  all the time.  I prefer a little sugar and spice in my serial killers, even if they are supposed to be playing someone who's blood pressure never goes above 85.
First let me preface by saying I've followed Doctor Who through most of it's lifetime, never got that excited about it.Then there was the whole Russel Davies resurrection of it and I was hooked.  It jumped the shark a lot over the seasons, many omg what were they thinking moments, but if you twisted your "head" just right, it was a pretty enjoyable experience and I've watched seasons 1-6 multiple times and not regretted the price of admittance (Amazon for a lot of it).Season 6, enjoyed it, though was getting a might tired with the "and then there was a paradox... and everyone lived happily ever after".  Moffat, I've loved his stuff, Hyde and Sherlock being two series well worth watching.  Though admittedly several years later I still puzzle over Hyde.That said...  This season for whatever reason they're doing "small stories", that winds up being pretty boring and predictable.  They're getting rid of Amy and Rory (that's happened in an episode that's aired already so not viewing that as being a spoiler of any sort), and they wind up spending way too long with everyone giving each other long sad looks.... Boring.In this specific episode, plot was predictable, their work on having the Doctor being at a "darker" place since he's been wandering around without companions a lot doesn't work all that well.  The cyborg in the episode, well, I think I could come up with something better looking.Alien ship lands in the old west in the USCyborg looking for the doctordoctor and companions show upI'm being kind by giving it two stars and no have no desire to see the episode again, just not that much fun.
[Contains mild spoilers]A military cargo plane crashes in Battersea. London, and because of the power failure, a group of people is trapped inside "Storage 24," including Charlie (Noel Clarke, who also co-wrote) and his ex-girlfriend Shelly (Antonia Campbell-Hughes), as well as their friends Mark (Colin O'Donoghue) and Nikki (Laura Haddock). But it seems there is someone or something in the facilities, too, that is not very friendly to them.You have heard the same story somewhere before. You have seen a young lady with a dog that keeps barking at something in the dark. You have seen some gooey substance dripping from above. Imagine what follows these scenes and that's exactly what you get in "Storage 24," a B sci-fi horror film that does these things in a lazier and less impressive way than, say, "Alien," almost to the point of a parody.But the film's greatest problem is neither the familiar premise nor the cheesy effects; it is those annoying characters about whom I didn't care. I honestly cheered for the poor "intruder" that at least didn't keep whining throughout the story.In short, "Storage 24" is "Skyline" without special effects, or "Attack the Block" without humor.
Well ya just had to go down the breast cancer route. The writer's who thought this story line would be compelling, for lack of any original ideas, should be replaced. Not only has this been done dozens of times, but it has been done better. I smell and see a dearth of story lines here and probably the end of a pretty good show - for NBC.Definitely worth watching the first three seasons but then if you are smart, you will let it go and move on to another show. Season four blows. Unbelievably melodramatic and preachy.
"Adore" (2013 release from Australia; 100 min.; also known as "Two Mothers" in certain markets and "Perfect Mothers" in yet other markets) brings the story of 2 women, Roz (played by Robin Wright) and Lil (played by Naomi Watts). As the movie opens we see two young girls running on a street towards the beach, and over a clever montage, these girls turn into the latter-day Roz and Lil. These women are BFFs, in every sense of the word, much to the annoyance of Roz's husband, who conveniently is offered a job in far-away Sydney, leaving Roz and Lil by themselves along with their respective teenage sons, Tom (played by James Frecheville) and Ian (played by Xavier Samuel). And wouldn't you know it: it's not even 20 min. into the movie or Roz is having an affair with Lil's son, and Lil is having an affair with Roz's son! As you can well imagine, a lot of complications arise from this situation. But to give you more of the plot would ruin (such as it may) your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Several comments: first, this movie is directed by French director Anne Fontaine, best known for her previous movie "Coco Before Chanel". Second, there are a number of scenes which are simply cringe-inducing, in particular when the young guys are being `paraded' (sorry, I can't think of a better term) on the screen. Third, the photography is gorgeous throughout, and of course it helps quite a bit that the outdoor decorum is a slice of heaven somewhere in Australia. Last, but certainly not least: what exactly was Naomi Watts (who executive-produced this) thinking when she took on this movie? You know that a movie is in trouble when it's trying to flee from its title not once, but twice, as if to disassociate itself from its past (the movie opened as "Two Mothers" in Australia, then showed as "Perfect Mothers" in Europe, and now shows as "Adore" in the US).I saw this movie in April earlier this year during a family visit to Belgium, and the screening I saw this at was not well attended, even though the movie literally had just opened a few days before. Despite my potential misgivings of the main plot point (two mothers in love with each other's son), the reason I went to see this is because Naomi Watts (and to a lesser degree, Robin Wright) starred in the movie, I mean, with those two, "Adore" just has to be a good movie, right? Judge for yourself.
On the front of the box it shows the main character "Nick" swinging an axe but it never happens in the show.  There is no axe.  It's just a cheap marketing ploy.I wanted this show to be good but it is not. I saw season one and was bored and hoped it would get better but it never did.  Being a "Grimm" means you are related to the faerie tale author from long ago.  The only thing that separates a "Grimm" from a normal dude in the show is that they can see a wolf/ox/fly/lamb person and that's it.  Strangely this seems to terrify creatures that can shape shift, heal, jump ten feet in the air and have claws and teeth.  It makes no sense.  It's stupid.It makes no sense that the Grimms have not been all killed off by now.  They have a power that is problematic for beast people but not dangerous.  If you just look at the world like it is Grimms are no big deal but everyone seems to think they are because of the writing that has no basis on logic at all.(spoilers)OK well the whole Juliet amnesia thing gets dragged out more which is really really really boring.  Nick continues to act really wooden,  The partner who is a better actor does not get less air time than last season.  The Asian dude is still the plucky comic relief comic relief which is racist.  All the monsters are white people which is racist and their is a Mexican Banshee which is odd.The monsters are not all were farm animals this season which is better but actually less tied to actual Grimm faerie tales or legends of any kind.  I have no idea why the show is called Grimm.  I imagine there is a copy of Grimm's Faerie Tales in the studio but I'll bet it is dusty.There was a Minotaur (Greek) that turns into an Efreeti (Indian) but is played by an American white dude like 99% of every monster on the show, I mentioned the Mexican (Mexican/Spanish) Banshee (Irish), Naga (South Asian) biker dudes played by more American white dudes. Actually all the monsters are basically played by white people from America or Canada which makes no sense what so ever.None of the plot arks ever unfold into anything interesting.  This show is so boring and not connected to Grimm's Faerie tales at all. It should be called "Were Farm Animals and Cops that Deal With Them"
I found this hard to watch, but obviously I'm not the target audience.  Good morals and as the headline says, Congress should be forced to watch the pilot 100x until they understand the meaning of friendship and compromise... Especially those selfish %#*}% in the Tea Party.
This is a decent movie, with predictable ending but really outstanding acting and direction!Addison (Eric Bana), his sister Liza (Olivia Wilde) and an accomplice are running away from a casino heist. Suddenly a deer hits the car and following several tumbles, the accomplice is killed on the spot. Addison and Liza get separate and it's everybody on its own until reaching the Canadian borders. Liza meets ex-boxer Jay (Charlie Hunnam), who is en-route for a Thanksgiving dinner, with his parents (Sissy Spacek and Kris Kristofferson) on a nice Thanksgiving weekend. A very smart female police officer (Kate Mara) who just passed the FBI entrance examination is involved in the whole situation until the predictable ending occurs.  Her very rude incompetent father (Treat Williams) who is also police chief in this small border town treats her really bad repeatedly in front of all the male officers. She doesn't protest and still loves her father.During the entire movie, I was wondering what the purpose of Kate Mara is. Why are we having this subplot where the father mistreats his daughter, who is much smarter than all the yahoos in the squad, in front of everybody?  And why this is happening on Thanksgiving weekend? It could be any day of the year. In addition, there are so many contradictions in Addison's behavior that it is really confusing. For example, he meets a couple in the forest where the husband/boyfriend beats his wife/girlfriend in front of the daughter. He kills the guy, makes breakfast for the kids, shoots a cop in the face, and on his way out he leaves a pile of money in the purse of the sleeping mother. Huh? Is he a psychopath or a good guy?After the movie ended and still looking for answers, I watched the extras and saw the director Stefan Ruzowitzky, stating that he wanted to make a point in this movie about families and how bad and unrealistic we Americans are.  That's why he chose Thanksgiving, to mock (analyze/portray?) the American family and traditions! He is presenting four families: Addison and Liza, Jay and his parents, the police chief and his daughter, and finally the couple in the woods. In all four families the father figure is like an afterthought, a sperm donor and a mean bastard. I know that most directors have daddy problems (even Spielberg until recently) but that's enough!!! Watch the "Fifth Quarter", "The blind side", or "Touchback" among others and then let's talk family.At this point, my rating of the film dropped by one start (from four to three). I now understood why the plot is happening on Thanksgiving and all the talking about family and the flashback of Liza to her childhood and her father.  This is the problem with all Hollywood actors/directors pseudointellectuals high school dropouts, that mostly grew up in a dysfunctional family with no father present.  They are trying to impose their minority views on us. Instead of making a good, entertaining, action-packed movie they want to insert their perverted out of town opinion about American society and in particular the American family.  The scene towards the end when everybody gives thanks is laughable and is a direct insult to all great families in this country. In addition, Addison is sitting at the table drinking and eating all afternoon with his hand on the shotgun (while two people are free to move at all time, and one has a gun) and not one single time he goes to the bathroom. How does he do it? Is he wearing diapers? I know it is a movie, but let's try to be realistic.Three stars for the acting and the direction. I wish the director would stick to the direction and leave the script alone! Alternatively, he could have inserted more twists to the plot if he wanted the movie to be less predictable. The "Counterfeiters" is a great movie! "Deadfall", not so much. Want to see movies with messages about families? All right then! Watch "The Tall Man", or "Gone baby gone". These movies make you think about the status of the family in this country. Not this one!
There's nothing spectacularly wrong with this show, but there's nothing spectacular about it either.  There's not even really anything solid or good about it -- this is a show about on par with "The Cleveland Show" or whatever:  mediocre and instantly forgotten.  If Amazon, like Netflix, is trying to show off its ability to order pilots, maybe it doesn't have to break new ground, but it should at least strive to do better than what Fox has one eight times a week.
Overacted but occasionally funny over the top sitcom of friends running a bar that involve getting caught in some silly scheme, one character trying to convince others how selfish or immature they are acting, being broke, getting drunk, or getting laid.  Perhaps the story ideas got funnier in season 2 as they did with "Portlandia."  This show is definitely geared towards viewers in their 20's.
The cast, directing, writing, and cinematography are all great...But, this show is very slow and not very suspenseful.  It has the potential, but the director needs to get the viewer more engaged/sympathetic for the characters before any suspense can build by the viewer.
this was so silly and predictable we quit watching it and are amazed anyone would like it...but we are adults
Plots are interesting, but I continue to be fatigued, even irritated by the sassy main character who comes off as having no depth of character in the face of these fictional tragedies. I don't plan to watch anymore.
Jericho was an attempt at embarrassing GW Bush ; that alone made it nearly FLOP . the apocalyptic theme is ok for the regular viewer . for science , hunters , mechanics radio types , it will leave you COLD ! .. forgot FARMERS !! i think they git the worstest  treatment as far as "REALITY" is concerned . players as all pretty good . McRaney always does well .story line is consistent , but the props are sometimes BIZARRE . 3 get into an argument because a young woman says "gas cant be transported in metal tanks !!" well , just plain STUPID .the second season does wrap it all up in similar vane , but some twists only the emotionally handicapped mite , i say MITE believe .well its up to you . i call it a "draw" . you're not losing your money , but if looking for "reality" in your viewing , this isnt where to go .G'nite y'all
Good not great narrorater very mono tone. I suggest you search for agenda 21 or mk ultra. I T M
It could have been good,  but it was too slow and somewhat obvious. I think I could have liked it if I had been in the right mood.
Okay season, but they seem like they are just stretching it for some reason. The show is getting rather boring now. Not that it ever did really wow, but at least it was fun. I think it has outstayed its run.
This show is a take on the old 80s show Beauty and the Beast.  While I find the show entertaining, I will admit that there are things about it that are a little cheesy.
Wild teens with little discipline or common sence.
Although James Mcavoy is an awesome actor I found this movie pretty boring. the story dragged the plot kind of stunk. the movie did not get exciting until the last ten minutes of the movie then it just stopped with James's character putting his hands behind his head. I won't go into anymore detail so I won't ruin the movie for who wants to watch it. but all I can say is that I found it dull. if you have not seen this movie then I recommend you don't
I am just not a fan of "iCarly." The gags are often focused on mildly humorous words or phrases used by some characters and often they are brought up several different times throughout the course of one scene or episode, or sometimes certain words that sound laughable are botched into nonsensical but bland phrases or are broken up and rearranged for humor. It just comes off as hokey and sometimes the jokes are something that I would usually expect out of a corny 1970s situation comedy. True, there have been a few jokes that have left me laughing uncontrollably, but they seldom appear and there have been times before where I have found it odd that I was not laughing at the kind of little jokes that normally are my sense of humor. Many people may believe that I am expecting too much of more recent television series to try and hold a candle to the quality of Nickelodeon programs that were broadcast during the 1990s and early 2000s, but I long for the nostalgia I feel when looking back on faint memories of those series. I sincerely apologize, Nickelodeon. I just miss your older series and wish that you could bring them back somehow.
I have to say that my husband would give this show four stars, just because this genre is one of his favorites. The characters are interesting (you will recognize actors from Battlestar Galactica and Saving Grace) and the plots are attention-getting. However, the acting isn't consistently strong (as minor characters come and go), and especially in the second season seem a bit contrived. It's as if the producers blew their budget on some good actors and filled in the cast with amateurs.
I was very disappointed in this production; I suppose there are only so many ways to bring to film the events and tragedies of the Kennedy family, before it becomes simply a rehashing of commonly known facts. This in no way compares to the 1983 NBC Miniseries "The Kennedy's", for one's money that is DVD to purchase.
I'm in the business, and I'm sorry: there's nothing here. It's a typical pilot nicely wrapped up in classical music (which I dearly love), but offering nothing worth tuning in for on a weekly basis.
There is a big difference when you watch masterpieces like The Walking Dead, Sons of Anarchy, etc., and this below par, Hollywood Formula, that from the script to the acting, to the editing of the already mediocre series, all it spells for the watcher is: "I have no life at all, I rather watch the crappy premise of the show, than to participate in more meaningful activities."2 Not so shinning stars.
It's really just Linda L's story, which is scary and sad, and if you're looking for what's behind Deep Throat, this is it in spades.  Amanda is great as always, believable and at the same time above it all.  But, if I could, I'd take back the 2 hours and invest it elsewhere.
I love monster movies.  Always have.  I probably always will.  As a critic, I tend to give them a bit of a pass when it comes to being hard on them, and that's because I have such a soft spot for them in my heart and mind.  There's something noble about exploring the highs and lows of `the creature'; usually, it's `a creature' not of its own creation, and that almost always implies that the audience is going to go soft on the character.  Plus - by its very nature - `the creature' is almost always the underdog in the stories where it appears because there's always the menace known as `mankind' seeking to wipe it from the face of the Earth.  Such is life.But, for whatever reason, BEING HUMAN just never struck a chord with me.  I couldn't say why specifically, but I'll try to highlight why I think it failed to light my fire if you're interested.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last two paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)From the production materials: "Leading everyday lives is harder than it looks for three twenty-something supernatural roommates - vampire Aidan (Sam Witmer), ghost Sally (Meaghan Rath) and werewolf Josh (Sam Huntington).  Together, they share the creature comforts of a Boston brownstone while struggling to resist the temptations of their true natures and keep their secrets hidden from the outside world."As I said, monsters are a rare breed.  Even rarer are monsters that you want to get to know personally - i.e. how they live, who they share apartments with, what their day-to-day life looks like.  What's compelling about the standard monster story is that it's just trying to be what it is, whether that means feeding on human flesh or terrorizing a small town once every full moon.  We don't all that much care how a monster `goes to work' as its alter-ego.  We aren't all that much interested in how a monster balances daycare and shopping and Twitter.  When the monster becomes too human - such as is the case in a program titled BEING HUMAN - the element of being truly scared of what it is gets largely marginalized in favor of some crafty storytelling that kinda/sorta reduces the monster to gimmickry (that's my two cents, and I'm standing by it).Now, this isn't to say that BEING HUMAN isn't smartly written or even relevant for its times.  Rather, I'd argue on its behalf that its principle players - Witmer, Rath, and Huntington - are probably the greatest source of the program's appeal.  They're all likeable.  They certainly flesh out their respective `creatures' as best as the writing allows.  What they're given to explore - humanity versus their decided inhumanity; obedience to a greater code of conduct pertaining to their possible `clans'; relationships with significant others - has, however, been explored often enough (quite probably, there's some facet of it in every legitimate monster movie), so I'm not sure how impactful the program can be in the long run.Perhaps this is because, as a person, I'm largely a bit more cynical than most.  I tend to think that the monster inevitably wins out (and not the man) in memorable monster movies, and that ultimately leads to the monster's destruction.  Could it be that putting a human face on the monster just isn't for my tastes?  It's possible, though I think that, of the three regulars, Witmer is given the best meat to chew on here (maybe that's limited to just Season 2, for all I know).  All-in-all, BEING HUMAN still succeeds in delivering the program its intended to be; maybe I was just hoping for something a bit more ... dark?BEING HUMAN: THE COMPLETE SECOND SEASON is produced by Muse Entertainment Enterprises (as Muse Entertainment), Zodiak USA, Quebec Film and Television Tax Credit, and Canadian Film or Video Production Tax Credit.  DVD distribution is being handled by Entertainment One (E One).  The program airs in the U.S. on Syfy.  As for the technical specifications, it looks and sounds very solid; the cinematography is a bit predictable, but there are some nice touches with flashbacks that explore the background of several of these characters.  The special features are surprisingly slim for a program still in production, and the set only boasts a Season 2 making of featurette, a few behind-the-scenes interviews, and the cast's appearance at San Diego Comic-Con 2012; not bad, just - like I said - a bit thin.RECOMMENDED.  While I have absolutely no reservation pointing out that BEING HUMAN just wasn't for me, I've also absolutely no problems giving it a `thumbs up' for a general audience.  It has admirable production qualities, a fairly winning cast, and a reasonable investment in story and characters.  I tend to prefer my monster stories with more `monster,' though, not a group of twentysomethings struggling to fit in.  Still, it's a novel concept, and I've no doubt there are people who love its bark and its bite just fine.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at Entertainment One (E One) provided me with a DVD copy of BEING HUMAN: THE COMPLETE SECOND SEASON for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
2 groups fighting arguing and in my opinion have nothing to do with weaponry.  I wish they would have included some normal people instead of guys who thinks they're a big shoot.
I'm interested in Scientology, having known some members. I don't consider it a religion (far from it), and this video does illustrate that it's better-described as a business -- even a brutal business, given the treatment of some members. If you've read any books about Scientology and have followed reports about it in the press, you aren't likely to learn anything new by watching this, but it was interesting enough that I did stick with it all the way to the end. No big complaints; just not enthusiastic about the informational or entertainment aspects of the video.
What public school in America has only young white male teachers and principal -- except for a token elderly female who apparently has narcolepsy and dementia????  There are two attractive young white females (the cafeteria lady and the librarian) as sex-interests.  The pilot included racist, sexist, homophobic, and age-related allusions; what the ratings call STRONG LANGUAGE, and a lot of sex talk.  But the awful part is that it was not funny...barely got a chuckle or two.  This show probably won't appeal to a diverse audience, and certainly not to anyone with taste.
This show was hilarious and I'm sure I would have loved the whole thing if I didn't have to turn it off due to the massive amount of swear words. This show would reach to a much larger audience if the language was cleaned up. Does throwing in the f word every other sentence make something that much funnier or does it lose its shock value. Unfortunately I couldn't finish this.
For producer and filmmaker Roman Coppola ("Moonrise Kingdom", "The Darjeeling Limited", "CQ"), Coppola has created an independent abstract art film titled "Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" which is based on his influences and passion for the 70&#8242;s airbrush art work by Charles White III and others at the time.Where as his 2001 film "CQ" was set in the 1960&#8242;s, Coppola takes the story which is set in the 1970&#8242;s and features well-known American talents such as Charlie Sheen ("Wall Street", "Major League", "Hot Shots!"), Jason Schwartz ("Rushmore", "I Heart Huckabees", "Moonrise Kingdom"), Bill Murray ("Ghostbusters", "Groundhog Day", "Lost in Translation", "Moonrise Kingdom"), Katheryn Winnick ("Love & Other Drugs", "Killers", "Failure to Launch"), Patricia Arquette ("Medium", "True Romance", "Ed Wood") and Aubrey Plaza ("Safety Not guaranteed", "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World", "Parks and Recreation").VIDEO:"Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" is presented in 1080p High Definition (1:85:1).  Picture quality for the film is very good!  Shot outdoors and trying to use natural sunlight in order to save money on the film, outdoor scenes are vibrant and colorful, while indoor scenes were well-planned and well-lit.  Closeups of the characters show plenty of detail in HD.AUDIO & SUBTITLES:"Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio.  The film is primarily dialogue and music driven.  There is not so much use of the surround channels, so the film is center and front-channel driven. There are moments with an explosion and other scenes that provide good dynamic range but for the most part, dialogue is crisp and clear and original music by Liam Hayes and Roger Neill is also very clear.Subtitles are in English SDH and Spanish.SPECIAL FEATURES"Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" comes with the following special features:Audio Commentary - Featuring audio commentary with writer/director Roman Coppola with interesting details of how the film was shot with a very low budget.A Glimpse Behind the Glimpse - The Making of Charles Swan - (24:54) A featurette about how the pop art film was inspired by the artwork of Charles White III, Dave Willard, Peter Palombi.  How the artwork was sexy, imaginative and playful and to create a film with that in mind.  Director Roman Coppola and producer Youree Henley discuss the casting of the film, working on a short budget, crew members talk about production design and more.A Glimpse Into the Mind of Charles White III - (12:10) An interview with graphic artist Charles White III.EXTRAS:"Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" comes with a slipcover case.JUDGMENT CALL:I watched a lot of cinema that may seem odd, abstract and while we expect to see these type of films coming from Europe and praise Fellini to even Jean-Luc Godard films for creating films that may not be comprehensive for the masses but yet intellectual and entertaining for those who are purveyors of unique, creative cinema...how are these films viewed if done today?Personally, watching "Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III", it's a film that you respect Roman Coppolla for attempting.  You respect the fact that he is able to create something non-traditional and different from American cinema banality.But for some reason, I felt a bit non-ebullient towards this film.  Feeling that while funny and audacious at times, the fact is that "Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" doesn't feel like cinema but almost like watching a home video of Charlie Sheen.  But I'll discuss what I like and didn't like about the film.What I did like about the film is the fact that Roman Coppolla wanted to create a '70s film and did it.  He may not have had a big budget for the film, but he was able to get his friends together and with what budget they had, were able to put together a unique style of film, that is reminiscent of a Fellini film and definitely not something you will see today in modern America cinema.What I also enjoyed about this film was how he and the crew were able to make do with what they have. May it be to shoot at his home, using wardrobe that he owned, utilizing natural light but staying true to his goal and focus of bringing in his inspirations in recreating the art that inspired him to make the film.While Coppolla has said this film was not designed for Charlie Sheen but was originally done as a character study, he knew that Charlie Sheen pretty much embodied the role of Charles Swan III.And the casting of Charlie Sheen felt right.  The fact is that the "Tiger Blood" infused actor is known for his partying ways and using whatever, drinking whatever and living or having fun with women and forever remaining bitter for his ouster on the hit TV show "Two and a Half Men".The characters of Charles Swan III seems as if it is a '70s version of the modern Charlie Sheen, but in this case, a man who tries to examine why his ex-girlfriend left him through various dreams and nightmares.  From one segment in which his former lovers say goodbye to him, but somehow he rises from the dead and partakes in a ballroom dancing moment with each woman who tells him how they feel about him.Another segment has an organization of women known as "Ball Busters" who try to blow him up and his best friend, Kirby.  Or another as they are cowboys discovering beautiful women as Indians.There are many more odd scenes that involve Charles, Kirby and his manager Saul or with his sister Izzy (portrayed by Katheryn Winnick).  And of course, many flashbacks featuring the disintegration of the relationship between Charles and Ivana.The odd flashbacks are not what I have a problem with as I have been more than open to watching many abstract films from all over the globe.  But with these films, there is always a message from the filmmaker that makes it a sign of the times, especially for that era.  Carefully planned shots of artistry.  And for the most part, using talents that have captivated you for their work in prior cinematic works, rather than public rants that were fodder for entertainment shows and jokes for late night television.The fact is that this film is perfect for Charlie Sheen, but it's a double-edged sword because the film is almost like watching the real Charlie Sheen and that is not what we want to see.  Set in the '70s, actor Jason Schwartzman is able to fit the role, even Bill Murray can fit the role that he plays.  But for Charlie Sheen, he and Charles Swan and their persona seem too alike and it makes you wonder...how much more can one take of "crazy" Charles?  But I'm not going to sound like I'm overly criticizing Sheen for this role because his reality embodies the life of Charles Swan III.  And most importantly, Sheen did put effort into this film, from rehearsing the dance number and even singing the Portuguese song.  Was happy to hear from Coppolla that Sheen worked on that!But part of my feeling a bit down on the film, I think that part of me expected something much more significant considering Coppolla has worked with Wes Anderson on films such as "Moonrise Kingdom" and "The Darjeeling Limited", but having listened to the audio commentary and special features, it set into perspective for me that this is a low-budget film created by one man's passion.  He wanted to create a '70s film and with what budget he had, he did it.  So, I do respect Coppolla for doing that.The chemistry between Charlie Sheen and Katheryn Winnick was also fun and the two clicked!  What is possibly the silliest part of the film but also my favorite are the two singing a Portuguese song.  The neon lights, the not-so-great singing but it just works.  Even the laughter in the song, I found myself watching this scene over and over!While we get to see Jason Schwartzman as Kirby Star throughout the film giving his two cents to Charles or somehow winding up in the wildest characters in Charles' dreams, the same can be said about Bill Murray.  While his character of Saul does not make it into the film that much, he does show up in various weird moments but also adds some star status to the film but plays a character who is also having his own relationship problems.  The same that can be said for Patricia Arquette as Charles' supportive sister, Izzy.  Who has two children that latch on to Charles.But the film has its numerous problems.  While a small budget can present numerous problems, I won't focus on that.  I just found the film to be random at times.  Which I'm very used too thanks to Italian and French cinema but I think the film tries to be imaginative and non-banal, which is a good thing but in terms of comprehensiveness,  for those wanting an easy to understand film may feel confused by how things jump around from dream/nightmare to reality in "A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III".What is reality? I think it's obvious as Charles and friends in cowboy outfits going after beautiful women in Indian outfits are surely a fantasy.  His time with his sister is reality.  But what I wanted to see is more of Charles and Ivana, as each time they were together, I felt more drawn to the storyline thanks to their dramatic scenes.As for the Blu-ray release, picture quality is vibrant and colorful outdoors.  Night scenes and indoor scenes are well-lit and considering this is a low-budget film, set design and costume design were good, hair styles could have been made to match the '70s a bit more especially for Ivana but for the most part, the crew made the film work with the best budget they had.  Lossless audio is dialogue-driven and the special features do provide a good amount of information.  From Coppolla's audio commentary and the making of, but also the short interview with Charles White III.Overall, "A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" is a film that is non-banal, imaginative, creative, unusual.  From its abstract use of reality and dreams, the storyline can get confusing, enjoyable, back to confusing quite easily.  While not a perfect film, for a small budget and what Roman Coppolla and crew were able to accomplish, "A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III" may not be for everyone.  But for those who are used to arthouse films that try to avoid becoming part of traditional cinema, may find the film to be refreshing and fun.
As a viewer, I personally feel I can only asked to suspend disbelief through so many layers of the narrative.  I&#8217;m OK with quirky characters.  I&#8217;m OK with pretentious teenagers.  I&#8217;m OK with movie families that don&#8217;t quite seem grounded in reality but are &#8216;close enough&#8217; for purposes of the story.  But when you fold something like full-blown dementia into the tale I tend to draw a line.  It isn&#8217;t because I don&#8217;t like stories that explore a curious mental state; I find them fascinating.  Rather, I believe these tales need a very strong grounding in honesty for them to be relatable; if they&#8217;re not, then it all falls down like a cheaply built house of cards.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)Emanuel (played by a comely Kaya Scodelario) is hardly your ordinary teenager.  Her mother died giving birth to her, and that grim reality has colored how she sees the greater world-at-large.  At work as a clerk in the town drug store, she&#8217;s smitten with the idea of constantly antagonizing her colleagues; and, at home, she&#8217;s always doing the same to her father (Alfred Molina) and stepmother (Frances O&#8217;Connor).  However, a mysterious new neighbor named Linda (Jessica Biel) suddenly presents her with an unusual opportunity to confront the questions of her own quirky mental state while perhaps helping to save the woman from a devastating future.I couldn&#8217;t begin to recount all of the problems I had with THE TRUTH ABOUT EMANUEL in any concise fashion, but I will say this: writer/director Francesca Gregorini did an impressive job chucking everything put the kitchen sink in here.  (Oh, yeah: there WAS a scene with the kitchen sink!)  There are many film influences at work here.  There&#8217;s also a willingness to discuss some very uncomfortable subjects like sanity and post-partum depression.  Still, despite the overabundance of psychological moodiness, TRUTH feels surprisingly empty.  Its stylish visuals only add up to a revelation that doesn&#8217;t so much involve Emanuel as it does Linda.  Liking the characters but hating their predicament as much as I did was the only reason I hung with this thing for its largely uneventful 96 minutes.As best as I can surmise, it would seem that Gregorini believes in a world wherein two wrongs make a right.  Both of these lead women &#8211; Scodelario and Biel &#8211; are mentally troubled, far more than one assumes is the norm; but, together, they&#8217;re destined for a cure.  For the life of me, I can&#8217;t see how two mentally-askew women (of this magnitude) is supposed to come up with a single sane mind, but I think that&#8217;s what the final scene intended audiences to take away from this.  My experience in reality has been that two misfits holed up together generally is not a good practice, but, then again, I don&#8217;t live in the movies.  I just write about them.For the life of me I can&#8217;t quite figure out what the story meant to say about Linda&#8217;s character as an individual.  Was her choice of denying reality the right thing to do?  Why not?  It worked for her.  Isn&#8217;t that what message Emanuel delivers by helping her finally put it all to rest?  Why do that?  Linda wasn&#8217;t hurting anyone except herself, unlike Emanuel who wanted to constantly irk everyone around her.  Is there union somehow what&#8217;s meant to be, or is it merely a film&#8217;s conceit?Assuming that the director (who also produced, too) makes most if not all of the decisions involving a film&#8217;s many elements, Gregorini chose to have Biel portray Linda as a kinda/sorta New Age flunky with strong hints of a femme fatale.  (???)  She gives the woman a devilishly mild sexual undercurrent that still confuses me.  She dresses Linda in some weird hippie stylings &#8211; well, so long as, say, Banana Republic gets into lounge hippie-wear &#8211; and adorns her house with elegant, high-end furnishings.  None of the pieces to this puzzle added up to me, nor did they fact that she apparently has been on-the-run for as long as she has been, so how was her personal story even probable much less possible?When I don&#8217;t know what I&#8217;m supposed to make of all of the individual pieces, then all I&#8217;m left with is the created whole &#8211; and the whole?  I just couldn&#8217;t believe nor accept its simple final message.  Without mincing words, I think the subject matter explored here was very important, very relevant.  It&#8217;s this particular story that just felt more than a bit lost on me.THE TRUTH ABOUT EMANUEL (2013) is produced by MRB Productions, Pisces Rising Productions, Rooks Nest Entertainment, Producciones A Ciegas, Mott Street Pictures, and Votiv Films.  DVD distribution is being handled by Well Go USA Entertainment.  As for the technical specifications, this is one smartly shot character film with some very high quality sights and sounds.  If it&#8217;s special features you want, then you have a director&#8217;s interview, deleted scenes, the theatrical trailer, and perhaps the most painful and curiously inappropriate assortment of outtakes (less than a minute of them) to look forward to.(MILDLY) RECOMMENDED.  THE TRUTH ABOUT EMANUEL is an oddity.  It gets my award for the best misnamed film of the year mostly because there&#8217;s hardly any truth about Emanuel served up here &#8211; nothing in her life history has changed that I can detect &#8230; except maybe the development of some Mutant Age powers that gives her personal yet possibly inaccurate insight into the psychological deficiencies of others &#8230; and, even then, it isn&#8217;t as if she can do much about it.  And what should we call her?  DementiaGal?  That just doesn&#8217;t sound right, not with this whole &#8216;War on Women&#8217; frenzy currently afflicting society.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at Well Go USA Entertainment provided me with an advance DVD copy of THE TRUTH ABOUT EMANUEL by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
Love John Goodman and was happy to see Clark Johnson on the front side of the camera instead of behind it directing. Seems like the show has an identity problem as the genre listed is drama but some of the reviewers state it was not funny enough. I have to admit that I was bothered by the stereotypical Latin lover, the "frail" guy afraid of guns, and the "fat cat with a Southern drawl".As a pilot, it has promise but does need stronger writing. A Democrat or two added to the mix wouldn't hurt.
I was hoping this filmed version would bring out some of this novel's virtues, but found myself a trifle bored with it, wishing it would speed up. I liked the characters as played by the actors, and the scenery was fairly fetching, but it seemed slow. It also deviated from the novel quite a bit. Austenites like the novels as is - the plots are almost sacred so messing with the plots isn't smiled upon.The actress who played Fanny played her as a feisty outdoors girl which isn't how I pictured Fanny. If you enjoy seeing stories set in the early 1800's with the fashions and interiors, it's fun to watch from that perspective. It's a visual escape to England of the 1800's which is always a pleasure.
I'm not quite sure why this just wasn't very satisfying, but as someone whose read all the books, this Harry does not match up to the one who inhabits my imagination. Will I watch it if you make it? Probably.
It seems since season 10 or 11, each season has had really mediocre/bad episodes and one or two exceptional ones, rinse and repeat. I love all of Trey Parker's works, ranging from Cannibal the Musical to the Book of Mormon, but south park is frankly getting lazy. Stop me if you've seen this before: Cartman takes something to a whacky extreme, and when people see how depraved/whacky he is, they just stare at him with their mouths agape while he keeps doing his song and dance. Rinse, REPEAT. It seems like in each episode all of the characters serve as nothing more than the backdrop to the whacky shenanigans of Eric Cartman. Same applies to whichever other character decides to go apesh** in each South Park episode, everyone just mutely stares at whatever's going on.It's this predictability that's made South Park stale and boring. In the first couple seasons it was less slanted at being a parody of the world now and more focused on the boys being boys, as well as having a sly commentary on the side, now it's just all political commentary. After seeing Team America and hell even Your Studio & You south park just seems like a lazy crutch, where's their punk rock attitude from the 90's?
I liked the first couple of episodes until I realized this wasn't about a story involving governing or politics, like West Wing, but government was just the story in which a soap was told. Could have been much stronger.
TV Series that are mostly predictable & dull conversations are the worst, and I think this show is a huge offender.  I found myself wanting to skip through conversation after conversation.  If your show is going to be so heavy on the conversation, it behooves the writers to produce an interesting & original line of discourse.  This show is a rehash of a rehash of a rehash, and then rehashed.  Do not watch.
This didn't hold my interest like I thought it would.  I was hoping for more intimate scenes of family and her life.  I'd have love to have seen more footage and photos of her that were not part of the 'official' record.  I'd love to know what it is like, what she thinks of her job, what goes on behind the curtain... so to speak.  I do love the British Monarchy and I think it should remain.  There is a mystique and maybe that is a good thing... but we are all so curious.  What's it like to be a kid in a huge castle!
It's interesting to watch how people make a living in a way that is so very different.  Dangerously funny.  Enjoy.
I am getting very bored of found footage movies based on a true story about missing people the police have yet to find.  This is nothing special nor did I find it interesting.  A girl, her boyfriend and her cousin go camping.  They have a camera and the boyfriend likes to film everything.  So the camera moves a lot, the movie goes from color to grayscale at night.  Someone/Something mysterious is harassing them in the woods and naturally they get separated.  Each one is paranoid/scared of the other because something has happened to him.  **yawn** there is more running around in the dark...so the camera shows a lot of leaves, vines, tree bark, grass, rock, tree branches, some scenes of the back of legs running.  The camera goes dark when a confrontation is taking place so the viewer is left in the dark **yawn** I am assuming this is suppose to build suspense but it has been overdone in so many other films there is nothing new.  More running camera with more images of tree limbs, leaves, grass and rock.  Another confrontation takes place and the camera goes dark **yawn** leaving viewer in the dark again.  Then the film ends with a little note that the campers were never found.  Oh, the movie opens with the words based on a true story.  I don't know how much is true.  I wasn't impressed with the movie.  The movie is slow and lacks originality.  I gave it two stars simply because the acting was descent.  Aside from that I would rather watch the Blair Witch Project.
Another show about how hard is to be white upper middle class in America. Is it about millennials? about old hippies? bisexuals? Not sure I can tell.
I thought &#34;Covert Affairs&#34; would never stop being exciting, especially since season 3 was awesome! So I can't believe I'm saying that this season fell flat for me. The new romance with Auggie--finally!--mimicks Joan's and Arthur's relationship with its pitfalls, intrigues, and bumps in the CIA road. As in seasons 1, 2, and 3, there's another curly-headed antagonist/protagonist by the name of Teo Braga (Ben Mercer and Simon Fischer in the other seasons). Henry is still around, ever the backstabbing, undermining saboteur, sowing the seeds of discord. Besides Joan being pregnant, what else is new?
It is difficult to review a TV Series when there is no sound. We view Amazon on a Roku box which works fine for most of Amazon's items, but the Event had good picture and no sound. Amazon refused to get involved and Roku were helpless. Bottom line is that our attempt to watch this on Amazon's streaming service was a waste of time. We eventually watched on Netflix using our Roku box.
This movie, starring Elizabeth McGovern among others, has an obvious similarity to Downton Abbey and no doubt fans of that wonderful series will be drawn to it. But the similarity is all on the surface. In fact, this turns out to be a pretty dour and rather boring excursion into the emotional stuntedness of the English upper middle classes during the 1930s.It all takes place at a country house in Devon on a single day. Dotty, a rather vapid young thing who is pretty but not much else, is marrying the square-chinned Owen. But she has invited her former swain Joseph to the festivities -- and he for some reason has come. The house fills with guests, none particularly interesting, and Dotty knocks back slugs of rum while waiting for Joseph to do something -- which he never quite manages.We also get flashbacks to the lovers the previous summer, boating on the river, kissing in the conservatory, running through the rain etc etc. We wait for them to give in to the dictates of the heart - and wait and wait and wait until the closing credits.Downton Abbey is great not only because the characters are vivid and memorable and the writing and acting are superb but because we also learn something about the way English society was changing before, during and after the Great War. The web of relations between upstairs and downstairs is interesting and provides for great drama.This movie does none of that. It is simply mediocrity dressed up in nice clothes with smart British accents.
I wish this wss closer to completion prior to being shown to an audience.  My kids loved it and the art concept, but even they found the bleeping a bit strange.  Riding the light bulb brought back memories of Ace and  Gary's vehicle.
This is not usually my type of show but It had a pretty good start and held my interest.  It was hard to tell exactly where it was going in terms of what disaster would play out.  The ending was weird.  I would probably watch the next episode and see where it goes.  I could do with less profanity.
This show had some potential, but it was cancelled by the network.  Not worth the time to watch just a couple of episodes.
The only Horror thing about this movie is the story-line and meaningless vapid plot, that takes you no where in the slowest cadence ever struck!  I can't believe Leguzamo would agree to appear in this bomb!
This show proves that Staten Island, NY is a vast intellectually defunct wasteland. Its stupid funny watch only if you have time to kill
I didn't watch this it lost my interest the first few minutes of it.
This was really disappointing.  As a long time Spiderman fan this show comes off as silly, and targeted at the youngest of children.
Season 3 did not start out with a bang. The story lines and even his halluciations seem to be waning. Eric McCormack was a big draw for me because of his work on Will and Grace; and i stayed with the series because of its suspensful and clever scripts. However Season 3 came in like a whisper not a bang..  Where has the suspence gone?  Even his hallucinations seem mediorce  In season one and two McCormack's acting and that of the supporting cast was &#34;no less than brillant&#34;. All the character's were so deeply rounded that you got lost in the fantasy and felt like you knew them.  But so far Painless has been painless.  Where has the unpredictability gone?  So far the hallucination characters are &#34;unknowns&#34; and play a very small role in the story.  I will still watch because this is a continuing storyline but Season 3 has lost its spark!  Sure hope &#34;the best is yet to come&#34;
I heard a whole lot of comparisons between this film andThe Cabin In The Woodsbefore I decided to give this one a try. And why not? The latter film is probably one of my top three favorite "horror" films of all time, and definitely the smartest nod to the genre I've ever witnessed, regardless of how funny or scary you think it is. This film, written long before CABIN IN THE WOODS, tries to approach that same level of wit and insight into the genre, but the problem is that the script is just too shoddy to pull it off.The film follows two gentlemen in a cabin in the woods (natch). One of them -- a young husband and father-to-be named Michael -- has come to visit Chris -- his old, estranged, meth-smoking friend -- in an attempt to finally wean him off of the drug. Michael takes an old-school approach to rehab, handcuffing his friend to a pipe and letting him sweat it out, and as the two bicker (with fairly repetitive and awkwardly curse-laden dialogue) and relive old times, strange pictures, films, books, and recordings begin popping up around the cabin. Where are these things coming from? What do they mean? Will Chris -- the healthiest-looking meth-addict you've ever seen (check out those biceps!) -- be able to kick his habit? Will Michael allow his own pride to blind himself to the fact that something seriously creepy-deepy is going on?The idea behind the film is great. I give it five stars. I don't even fault the film for its low-budget execution, which is pretty solid, all things considered. The film is a mediation on the art of story-telling, especially with regards to horror films, and its constant nods to various horror tropes -- aliens, strange disappearances, Native American burial grounds, ghosts, creepy religious types, foreign scientists -- is cute enough, but none of it is particularly compelling. Even when something pretty creepy does happen -- a mysterious person stares at our leads through the window or a recording of them appears unannounced -- one or both of the characters inexplicably doesn't care, which effectively neuters the response of the audience. If viewers are supposed to be yanked to the edges of their seats, so should our characters, and what they mainly do is just argue about drugs, friendship, and life.Not until the last twenty minutes of the film do things begin to gain some kind of steam, but it's an old fashioned case of too-little-too-late. By then, the bizarre occurrences of the film have become very obvious (i.e. heavy-handed) symbols. This is further hammered home by Michael's insistence on referring to every set of photos, every scratchy record, every cave painting as a "story." This kind of overdone symbolism is especially weird considering the film's general insistence on remaining aloof from the typical spoon-feeding you get from most scary films. Smart viewers will get what's going on, but there's bound to be a sizable chunk of the audience who will finish the movie and wonder, "What was that last shot about?" In case you missed Michael pounding it into the dialogue: it's about something, somewhere that wants a story.The trippiness of the overall story just doesn't hold enough water to compel the plot, is the problem. And in a movie that is all about the things that make a story worthwhile and that even cause stories to exist to begin with, it's a shame that the producers focused so much on creating a powerful ending without thinking about what it takes to have an equally powerful beginning and middle. As a result, you have a movie that's too smart for its britches, that seems to have been made backwards, with its strongest and greatest ideas placed at the end. But like a powerful anchor attached to sewing thread, this film's ending is stuck to an hour of quiet nonaction that is not particularly creepy, interesting, or even all that sensible (did I mention that our film's meth-head looks like he could be a lightweight boxing champion?), and so the density of the finale makes the preceding hour of movie seem even fluffier and more pointless than it already is, rendering the entire experience kind of a rip-off.
entertaining but it tends to repeat itself a lot and sometimesdoes not seem very believable. but it does have it's momentsand will grow on you after a while.
Was a good show before this season which is sinking quicker than a gold nugget in a fast moving river.  Just waiting for a decent episode, maybe 7?
The series: Interesting interviews (some contradictory) and original footage. An accurate description of his conduct as a soldier with included personal touches. Episode 1 is an overview but the episodes, for continuity, are reversed. Episode 3 is actually the beginning. Who was this man and what did he know? What was his true convection? This series was not intended as an in depth study. Other than the reversed order of episodes, it is well narrated and presented. Rommel enjoyed publicity but he wasn't a politician nor did he have knowledge of the genocide until later in the war. Within the conspiracies, Rommel chose to remain true (not without question) to Hitler.Recommended for beginners and those who want a simple overview. How many viewers will realize that Rommel was ordered to commit  suicide with cyanide? Worth watching.
Alien zombies.  Give me a break.  While more may have gone into this pilot much less comes out.  I can live without it.
The Last Days on Mars(released May/13)stars,among others, Liev Schreiber, Elias Koteas,Romola Garai,Goran Kosti&#263; and Johnny Harris.This is a terribly derivative picture which from the opening moments tumbles into a deep pit from which it never extricates itself.Been there,done that barely scratches the surface as to how defective this film really is.The story finds a small colony of humans on the red planet busy doing their respective experiments and generally studying the surface area.The astronauts are made up of a multi national group,with the leader being Canadian.At one point a relay switch goes down and one of them volunteers to go out to fix it,but it is  a ruse to check an experiment station.While the crew inside discover possible life on a sample brought in,the one gone outside has also discovered it.Just then the ground gives way crumbling around him, and he falls into the ground.Those with him contact base and they get assistance toute suite.They end up going down into the steam filled fissure,not finding their fellow astronaut but finding some strange ground life.When the astronaut resurfaces they find tracks leading away from the site and heading back to their main living pod.As they head back, the pod comes under attack from two of their fellow astronauts who have turned into horribly disfigured creatures.The rest return in time to rescue the remaining crew but one, who has been killed.They retreat to a hydroponics pod and try to help their dying commander,but to no avail.He &#34;dies&#34; but soon comes back to life as he turns also.They try a jury rigged antibiotic but it does no good.Schrieber heads back to the main pod to try and contact home for help, but eventually is forced to retreat back to  hydroponics.He and two others flee into land rovers to escape the others.One leaves to take another rover and next morning another leaves Schreiber's rover and walks away.He follows but is unable to save her,and instead has to kill her.At this time a rescue landing craft dispatched from the orbiting space station above lands in the open.As Schreiber runs back to it it is attacked and its crew killed.Inside at the controls he finds the astronaut who took the other rover.He is also infected.He puts the ship into a power burn and it leaves Mars orbit,burning too much fuel.All the while the two struggle and Schreiber defeats the turned one,only to get infected himself.Now alone,he contacts home base to inform them of the situation,telling them he has no fuel to land and will likely burn up in the atmosphere,the preferable solution as opposed to a rescue.This film is one slow step up after another,as one crisis inevitably leads into another,and so on.Each you can see coming a mile away and each step up becomes two back as the movie's pace just slows to a crawl and you start looking at your watch wondering when this thing is going to be over with.When the astronauts become infected,this is my title reference to the 2001 film Ghosts of Mars,as the infected in that look like those in this.You would have thought they could have been more original.I guess it's just a Mars thing.Technically speaking the film is in its original a/r of 2:35:1 and is clear and crisp.There are no extras and in fact there are NO scene selections either!Astounding.This is first film on DVD I have ever encountered with no scene selections,just a straight &#34;play&#34; option and that's it.In conclusion give this turkey a pass and watch The Ghosts of Mars.It wasn't that good either, but it was far better than this sleep fest.
Probably too close to reality to be a sitcom.  And it really doesn't play well as satire even though one of the songs does riff off the old theme song from the Mary Tyler Moore show.  Really don't care for any of these characters.  Just superficial fluff without a solid center.
Don't get me wrong - the film didn't offend me.  I'm not easily offended (I'm a fan of &#34;Antichrist&#34; for example).  And the idea of this film sounds great on paper.But it's so pretentious and silly; this is the emperor's new clothes.  It's two things swirled together.  One is unrealistic sexual behavior, that came from a male mind like an intricate pornographic fantasy.  It reminded me of de Sade's scribblings, not in a level of sadism but in the fact that it's masturbatory and personal. Nothing much to do with real sex or real people.This is crossed with silly pretentious conversation.  Which is sophomoric.  The dialogue is so ridiculous that it makes me blush, not the sex scenes.Von Trier's films usually sound like solid artistic concepts, but play out badly as slow ponderous things.  This is by far the worst one yet though.  It's entirely pointless.
The sound was a problem - couldn't hear dialogue very well without getting my head pretty close to the pc.Dr. Who seems more and more frantic. The new companion seems all right, very pretty of course. I think over the years the changes in the companions have begun to annoy me. I see the need for it: actors come and go in the series. They've had a lot of good actors and Matt Smith is very good. But the writing isn't as good any more.Just watched Rings of Akhaten. Poor writing. Really it's a pity for Matt Smith, who is great in the part, that the writing has been getting worse and worse over the last few seasons. Not much character development, not much plot.Edited to add: I just watched "Journey to the Centre of the TARDIS," and nothing has changed. Boring. It's not the actors, it's the writing. It's all just frantic and predictable, and there is no depth to the characters.
It was okay, but kind of confusing. Quite entertaining if you weren't trying to understand the movie. If you need to kill 90 minutes or so, watch it.
This is typical American entertainment. Not really with it, but all that these great creators can come up with. Just watch the network channels and you will see the same crap.
It seems that some number of film makers (Quentin Tarrentino at the head) are trying to recreate films in the "grindhouse" tradition. This has that sense of cheezy entertainment but it's not really pleasant to watch.Here's the scoop. Rutger Hauer is a homeless person who rides into a big city on a train. This is one nasty place. It's run by a hood and his two sons and they seem to be able to torture and kill people at will because they have the cops in their pocket. Hauer befriends a hooker with a heart of gold and as things get worse and worse he decides to protect her and take justice into his own hands with a shotgun. Were it only that easy.This is a nasty, mean spirited movie. The bad guys are nasty. The good guys (even the police captain) are nasty. Killings, torture, brutality are all in a days work. Drugs, pimping, extortion and loan sharking are so prevalent you have to wonder why any normal citizen chooses to remain there. This is way over the top. Gore galore with garish colors bathed in garish lighting. There IS one seemingly good cop who gets about 90 seconds of screen time, and somehow the entire city has a change of heart at the last minute, but that is the only civility on display throughout. Even overly weird movies like this need to allow the viewer to suspend their disbelief, but this is was entirely incredulous. I didn't believe a minute of it.Thank God it is only 77 minutes long. Any longer and I'd be putting knitting needles through my eyes. I suppose there is a peculiar fascination in watching something like this, but part of that is in the fact you can't quite believe what you're seeing. Even that grows tired quickly.Unless you're really into this way over the top kind of movie, I'd steer clear.
If you want to pissed off and more irritated with your day, then by all means watch this show...if you value your sanity, logic and reason...then DO NOT.  I now feel more stupid having watched part of a couple episodes.  I now grieve at the loss of the hour or 2 of my life that I will never get back.
Like a train wreck or car accident, Under the Dome hooked me and then reeled me in. There were moments where I hated every character, well except maybe Linda the cop. The only way to watch this was on Amazon video - the commercials were just way too many and annoying to sit through an episode. About midway through the series, the writers moved the series in unpredictable directions. I know they had to make an incredible cliff hanger to entice people to watch season two, but it was almost too much over the top.Where the program really went wrong in a major way, was when the young Angie was imprisoned by Junior. That was beyond creepy, beyond what the writers should have ever done. I really hated those episodes. Some might consider the following a spoiler, so be forewarned. Now that part is finished, the series can move forward.I'll watch season two. This is a series I love to hate.
Paid $9.99 to rent this primarily based on the two really glowing reviews left on here by people who called this the best movie they'd seen in a while etc.  Beware:  I think those reviewers might be marketing people working for the studio that put this out.I really like psychological thrillers, mysteries, horror, etc.  I like Selma Blair as well.  I had no expectations of what this movie was or what it could be, but I took a chance on it and wish I could get a refund.  It was terrible.  There's no real mystery to this as you should be able to figure out what happens in the first ten minutes.  It's very obvious what's going on.The first 30 minutes or so are somewhat interesting, as this uncomfortable feeling builds at a dinner party that only one side of the table wanted to happen...and then you start to wonder how the other people are going to get out of the bad situation.  I laughed because it reminded me a little of holiday meals with relatives I don't like and who I wish would leave...but they can't take the hint.By the 46 minute mark I just gave up on the movie and realized this was one I'd have to sit through and endure until it was over because I spent the $9.99 on it and I just can't turn it off and not see the rest of it.This is the kind of movie that ends up playing very late at night on a random cable channel and is only watched by people who have nothing else to do and can't get to sleep.  I would never recommend this to anyone...definitely don't waste money on it and don't believe the reviewers who are giving it 5-stars and saying it is the best thing ever.I fell for that scam this time.  I saw two glowing reviews and one bad one and I thought the person who wrote the bad review was wrong...but now I have to side with that person because this movie stunk.
I'm not saying this show is bad, it's watchable, but it can be very cheesy at times. I still think it has a lot of potential to be better than it is, and I'm hoping as the show progresses (if it doesn't get canned) it gets better. I'll be surprised if it lasts beyond season 1 though as every week is the same old thing again. I wish more time was spent on the backstory/island than on his new life. Maybe that's just me yearning for another &#34;Lost&#34; though.
Very down home,Louisiana, Cajon...different in that it has no professional actors,raw police work,but I found it to try too hard to make the police work interesting...the place is depressing, looks very poverty stricken.never any beautiful scenes.after seeing this ,I would never want to visit the area..
It could just be me.  I am not a fan of the documentary style films.  I thought the movie dragged a bit and the ending appeared rushed.
As a Jew I was shocked by the bigotry of this piece of trash.  It's been a long time since I've seen such crude stereotyping of us.  This is not a well-written finely observed comedy.  The anti-semitism isn't strident, but couched in a series of lame jokes.  At one point of emotional breakthrough, the muslim main character purposefully punches out a rabbi while he is praying.  It's hard to imagine that Muslims would be happy with this either, as the main character is certainly made out to be woefully uneducated about other faiths.  What a piece of dreck.  (Look it up in an Yiddish dictionary!)
Pass this stinkeroo by.I have watched the first half of  Season One.I kept expecting the characters to "gel". I kept  expecting the plot to start making sense.Then, I just realized that this was a train wreck that would never get better.I really wanted to like this Series.I really do not.The  original premise had incredible potential..series has some of the worst writing of any series on Network tv this season.Every episode has the most preposterous plot points - even for a "sci fi" type  program.It is very difficult to develop empathy for any of the characters.  They appear to "pose" through every scene.None of the characters are the least bit engaging or realistic.Better to just pass on this one - don't waste your time.
I can't say it was a useful propostion except for mixing up the labelling. He started out as part man but mostly guru and endes up as mostly man and part guru. When he was unveiling himself, it took a long time; he did not appear shaven and talking in an american voice in one shot. This was so his students could make the transition without going into shock and he assures them a part of him is "still Kumara".It would have been diabolical to have forced them to make their own sudden transitions because not all could have survived. The 10/14 received an empowering transformation that they have the power to be their own guru. The main problem seems to be that they need support and affirmation and they can't do it alone. Presumably going to church is not enough or it is too old-fashioned.There is a deeper question to this film. Is Kumara an atheist or an agnostic.? If he isn't  does he know he thinks like one? To an atheist it is obvious people create God,  not the other way around. It easy to translate the metaphor into what he did ; the higher Self was used to illustrate we create it all. The relationship with Ghandi is so one-on-one ,that it is a short cut on the God abstraction,which is why it never crops up and why there is so much dependence fom the students. But I do wonder if Ghandi is being reticient. ( also  true if he was an agnostic)I was impressed by how decent the seekers were and how important this value was. It transcends any foolhardy exposure, which they may have unwittingly brought on themselves.I got a kick out of seeing my own yoga group of choice flash on-screen. I have been where these students are withthe whole sublimation of identity into the yoga one. I crashed. The way into self is through an agnostic/atheist route,I found. Even the Bhuddists are not into God if you really go into the teachings.
Start with a subject then add the top conspiracy theorists and you end up with a 'documentary' on Puff the Magic Dragon VS Godzilla. Is the History Channel becoming the next Learning Channel - you know, where 'learning' is discovering Honey Boo Boo? Or how to have a litter of children? Or extreme couponing?  Isn't fact based history important or interesting enough without having to cater to the lowest common denominator and IQ?  If I were the 'Woman Born With 14 Thumbs' (hoping for the next prime time slot on TLC) all would be pointed down on this gobbly-gook!
When they killed Mitchell (Aidan Turner) I was sure he would be coming back, resurrected. Then they killed George, Russell Tovey, and Nina as well. What is WRONG with these Brits? They pull this s*** with Doctor Who every few years. Have a popular doctor or companion, who (probably) want more money, and kill them off or replace them. Like all the money has to go to the production company. No fair share to the actors. Replace them. Turner might have wanted out, but that is why you sign them to contracts, so they can't leave just because it's convenient.What is wrong with these Brits!!I thought I had 2 more seasons to watch. Bad enough they call it a series instead of a miniseries. But just acting like the actors mean nothing, is very annoying!
What a waste of talent.  The film actually looked starved for cash. The interiors, the costumes not the sort one would expect for people at the upper end of things.  The script was poor, the acting blah, no pace to speak of and (for me) the whole thing just tedious.  A pity, Gere is better than this.
I actually enjoyed this movie until the end. It was entertaining and the characters were interesting. However I was so disappointed with the ending that the best rating I could give is 3 stars.
Falling Skies started to take a turn for the worse in season 3 with the subplot of Anne's freaky baby. That the baby was "different" could have been shown subtly and without making it silly (the whole dismal mess reminded me of Chucky from theChild's Play (1988)film franchise). Season 4 starts with a dramatic attack by the Espheni, thinning out the ranks of our ragtag crew of heroes. A divide and conquer strategy is put into place by the fishheads, and the Volm are not in much of a position to help the human protagonists. Both context and gaping plot holes are established quickly in the first episode of s4.The one thing season 4 has going for it so far is that an Espheni overlord suggests to Tom that overwhelming threats greater than the Espheni are coming to Earth. This is a theme in sci-fi that tends to work well. Your once most feared enemy starts to look like a puppy dog when compared to a bigger and badder foe that rolls into town. Take for example the Scarrans inFarscape: Complete Series, who made the Peacekeepers look like the Boy Scouts upon their entrance into the series.I am worried about the health of this serial due to the emphasis on Alexis the Supernatural, who is more fitting as one of Fox Mulder's cases than a character on the now classic Falling Skies. The special effects and the potential of meeting yet another race of aliens is currently keeping me watching s4 every week.
The slow, mello pace of this show, would make one hell of a theater release. But, I feel, its pacing and low key acting from the main star (Titus Welliver) does not come over well on the small screen.That said, this was a wonderful episode and Mr. Welliver has a strong presence here. If they were to pick up the feeling of the writing, and not have the Bosch character be so low key, it would feel more suited to TV but, personally, I would really prefer they take it back, build on the story more, flesh out the other characters more, add another hour or so, and release it to the big screen. I think Bosch could be the next Dirty Harry; just a lot smarter. LOL
I love alternative shows, this one is just so poorly done.  An interesting concept, with great actors and acting and turned it into a distatsteful, boring, vulgar show.  I loved united states of tara and six feet under... too bad.  Aweful!
This was a cute movie, I love quirky stories. It was good but seemed to end ubruptly. It seemed like it may have been made for TV, but it's a good watch.
FBI Agent Booth used to be a character of substance with real responsibilities and a mature relationship with a brilliant woman.  No more.  Instead, he is becoming dense, silly and a curious match for Dr. Brennan.  There is no depth of character, for example, in the final scene of this episode (I will not spoil it) and he comes off as pathetic, seeking attention and certainly not adult.  What is happening to this valued character who had so much to contribute before?  Writers, take note.
Always hopeful when finding new critter films, I made the mistake of buying into this pile of crap. We all know the SYFY channel is continuing to crank out godawful, unoriginal trash with abandon but even this falls below their "standards". The creature "effects" may even have been lifted from an old SYFY flick - or a coloring book - not sure ...I gave it a star only because I couldn't submit a review otherwise. My hand shook with the torment of having to do so.Suffice to say, if I were on a desert island with a magical DVD player that worked without benefit of electricity or batteries and only this film to watch, I'd throw myself off the nearest cliff.
The first season was good with back-stabbing and driven people. Second season seems like they are going through the motions. The cast additions are not good.
This show has the same feel as Six Feet Under and Weeds, which are two shows I never could get into.
Dario Argento's "Dracula" has a few neat facets here and there that make it interesting, but on the whole it's nothing to write home about (literally or figuratively).Thomas Krestschmann ("Downfall") does a good job of making Count Dracula seem solemn and dignified and two seconds later seem like a rabid rat.  Rutger Hauer's turn as Van Helsing did absolutely nothing for me at all, and there's potential there.  Half the time, it seemed like he was sleepwalking.  I can't say I ever mind seeing Asia Argento, though, and she does a turn as Lucy.The reason I gave this three stars instead of one is Argento's amazing cinematography (and some of the acting).  He is a born filmmaker, and can make even his most mediocre turns catching because of the lighting he employs and the settings.  He makes ancient Transylvania look like a hybrid between Friedkin's Iraq in "The Exorcist" and a few passages from "The Mists of Avalon".Recommended for Argento fans only.
It's a good film for young teens.  if you're over the age of 16 it's cute but that is it.
Good for an evening entertainment. Does not require deep reflection.  I made the mistake of watching season two before season one. Don't do this as you miss a bit of ongoing story line.
Did not like this movie, there was too much running and did not enjoy the acting as much as the other version.
Some of the acting was bad, and it seemed really low budget, but it was still intriguing enough to make me keep watching.
Meaning, that it's a three because there can be an argument made for going in either direction with the stars. The trouble is, the fact that it has such a questionable feel doesn't bode well.It has good graphics. Yay. But that will only last a little while. That's short term thinking. Here is where they could have made a four star product had there been better story or voice acting to back it up. Can Stark get any higher-pitched?The Cartoon has very limited plot. We're treated to merchandising sales pitches in cartoon form. "Here's some gear we'll soon have on the shelves, and you kids are going to buy it because the Avengers are on it." The jet house, the team and the anti-avengers. All set ups for marketing. It's like the suits in accounting wrote the script.One great argument for a one star rating is that the characters are not very likable in this version. There is no room for each character's story, and thus as the team comes together they feel two dimensional and presumptuous. It is far less likely for the audience to forgive negative personality traits if we understand how the characters came to their conclusions.It's frustrating how, despite all their powers the Avengers keep getting whooped by the Red Skull and his tool flunky Modok. And yet, despite almost wiping the heroes out one second, Tony waves a magic wand and utterly and completely defeats the enemy, but somehow misses capturing them in the ensuing kerfuffle of petty Avenger-whining.Iron Man: Tony keeps saying that it was a unanimous decision to ax the Avengers, but then Hawkeye accuses Tony of breaking them up a second time. Everyone either attributes no leadership skills or way over the top ability and nothing in between. Unfortunately, Tony pulls a boner trying to save Cap where he doesn't really do much, kind of lackluster, throwing blasts around vaguely until, BLAM, suddenly he's got everything all figured out and, hey, perhaps he really DID know Cap was really alive and not disintegrated, but, no, he didn't know, and it wasn't us mistaking unrequited genius for a lack of talent. Stark comes off like a wiener who uses people when he needs them, and then cuts them loose and sends them packing the second they're not needed.Captain America in this version is the most wishy-washy, no spine-having-est, oops-I-let-myself-get-shot-and-died-est, would-have-been-spanked-by-the-red-skull-and-left-for-dead-had-not-iron-man-blundered-into-the-frozen-tundra-and-saved-me-est, non-Avenger-est Avenger of all time... except for Falcon, of course.Hawkeye: Not as cool, tongue in cheek as I would imagine. Aside from his purple sun glasses he could be a generic Green Arrow clone.Thor: Let's solve a bunch of problems, but how? Faulty toaster, can't get bread out? Mjolnir! Leaky faucets? Mjolnir!! Can't get a date on a Saturday night? Mjolnir!!! Is there nothing this hammer can't smash? How about a nail, like into wood to fix something. Nope. Asgardians SMASH... Oh, wait. Isn't that the line of...The Hulk: Slightly more intelligent than previous incarnations, but TRYING too much to be like the movie without actually BEING the movie Hulk. Banner MADE the Hulk in the Avenger's movie. Mark Ruffalo's Hulk is the best out of the three Hulk-featuring movies, but this show does not even mention that the Hulk HAS an alter ego. He's JUST Hulk. This cartoon has Hulk constantly pulling the unexpected punch or finger flick that made audiences of The Avengers chuckle when Thor went flying in that museum. But this Hulk is also described by his fellow heroes as stinky and foul breathed with no personality other than an intense desire to smash things.Black Widow: Eye candy. She's there to strut in a skin-tight leather suit and bend into a pretzel for mid-puberty teens. Otherwise, there's nothing this version did that a really fit chauffeur could not have, even the nay-saying.Falcon: I know little about this character, but, and I hate to say it, but it feels a bit like a "token" to me. He's not the War Machine we've come to know. More like an intern who eked out a salary by being in the right place at the right time. He is NO replacement for Black Panther, who is NO ONE'S token. Black Panther earned his place in the Avengers, and he deserves to be there.In fact, all of these characters get dissed by Iron Man over and over and still hang on his coat-tails like he's passing out free puppies and snow cones. Even Widow, who is just self-aware enough to hate Tony and herself for dripping maudlin on his nice, shiny robo-boots, is compelled to hang on his every command.Um... Is that it? Geeze! Where's Wasp? Ms. Marvel? Antman, or Yellowjacket, or whatever. Come on!One last thought on storyline. The effects here play the vital role in holding this series, but it's not a good casting choice. Bring in a story arc that goes from one end to the other and isn't just a bunch of this guy vs. that guy. Put some thought and heart and effort into the writing and stop worrying about how much to mark up the cheap piece of plastic out of which you'll be making the new Avenger Jet.Justin Bently has a point about not comparing this series to the previous one. Really, this is a whole different animal. There isn't a tie in with the last one like, "Ok, THAT happened, but now THIS is happening." It's a reboot, which means that they got to a point where they felt the last series got way off track (presumably) and now they want to completely remake it in keeping with what they've got going on in their current arena. I just can't see how, if it is indeed an attempt to bridge the gap between movies (primarily because they know with all the individual sequels in the works it is going to be a long, long time before the next Avengers installment hits the box office and they need to keep up interest) it is, in my opinion, a feeble attempt. I have seen the Avengers movie a dozen times (more for my kids, really, but I like the movie, too), and this just doesn't have the same personality. For one thing, no one ever seems to change their clothes except Stark. Not even to go to sleep at night. Those costumes must REEK!
The commander does such unwise actions relative to men that it distracts from the police work. Initially I thought that she was all business at work and above any personal relationships with suspects and colleagues. Her lack of good judgment makes the series annoying. I could not suspend my disbelief and annoyance.
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. has a lot of Joss Whedon's signature self-referential humor and witty wordplay on showcase. Perhaps a little too much. It's tone was too light and fluffy, as were the characters. As a sidequel to The Avengers, Agents of S.HI.E.L.D. was very welcome. Judged on it's own, it's too self-referential, cliched, and cheesy to rank with Whedon's other successes.I know just one episode is out now, so I'm willing to give this show another chance, and I DID enjoy some of the rapport, action, and in-jokes, but Marvel needs to up the bar. Raise the danger and the suspense, drop the cheesy jokes, and THAT'S when you can call me a fan. If you're looking for good superhero TV fare, seek out CW'sArrow, or if you're extremely patient just wait for Avengers 2, which should be awesome.P.S. I will watch this show for as long as I have to to find out about Agent Coulson. What happened in Tahiti? And what does Agent Hill know...?
I really liked the basic concept -- a brilliant but deranged serial killer has developed an army of sleepers who continue to execute his plan despite being caught. When you think about the potential of how warped it can get, it's a clever formula that pushes the boundaries of procedural cop TV drama.Unfortunately, rather than the main bad guy building a cult through religion or some political point of view, it centers around the writings of Edgar Allen Poe. Actually, it really centers around The Raven since the writers were too lazy to read anything else he wrote and have kept the references to what the average Fox viewer might have seen from a Simpsons Halloween special. And we're really suspending our disbelief here since our English-teacher-slash-killer has brainwashed his followers into very complicated crimes based upon some lectures on some arcane analysis of Poe's literature. Seriously? I'll buy into Homeland's brainwashed military hero turning to terrorism just because it's great television but this is like suggesting that readers of The Oatmeal are going to start murdering badgers.That aside, the show has quickly descended into "nutjob of the week" territory and the overarching story line of the season isn't going anywhere fast. Bacon's tormented brilliant-but-alcoholic-investigator character gets less interesting with every episode. The writers seem to have forgotten the alcoholism problem completely and now it's simply a cat and mouse game between the hero and villain who are essentially opposite parts of the same person. If Homeland became ridiculous when Carrie discovered she was crazy, The Following jumps straight into absurdity with the main character's supposed weakness.The crimes each week are really, really unbelievable. The followers show a near-telepathic level of prediction when it comes to breaking into people's houses and being able to act on highly detailed maniacal plans despite the main architect operating from a prison cell. It also reruns every horror movie cliche to the point where you know there's going to be a killer behind someone when they close the bathroom mirror. Although the extreme gore is there to make all this look very serious, I find myself laughing at each plot twist since I have as much luck convincing you to steal a pack of gum with this review as the killer has of making any of this happen through his Poe obsession.Basically, The Following just reminds me how mediocre network programming is compared with cable shows like Dexter and Homeland. There was a great idea at the core of this series that has been wasted and given the laziness of the plot, I'm not confident that I'll be watching many more episodes.
It is a testimony to my self-induced boredom that I purchased still another season of this repetitive series.  I could just watch Season 1 over and over again and save the money.  There is so much predictability, particularly in the repetitive gruesome and erroneous torture of wrongly-diagnosed patients until AHA! the dream team comes up with the real answer.  Were I one of those patients, I would have requested euthanasia far before they got to the AHA!  The fact that the entertainment value comes from a rude, crude, mean-spirited man ... well, that just is a sad commentary.
i was happy to see this come out , but I only gave it 3 stars because it started to slow & dragged .I was hoping to see a little more action from the character of the books ,I don't think titus welliver is the  right manto be bosch
Yup. This sucks big ones as much as the commercials suggested. Please, please cancel this show. For every piece of crap that gets greenlit and put in front of us, there are nine, usually better shows that don't.We don't need crap like "Dads" (or "Moms" or "Sean Saves The World" or "Welcome to the Family") on our TVs. But it seems that's the way things are going, nowadays.
Aah, I thought I knew what was going to happen. I didn't. Not gonna tell. My jaw dropped once or twice. The writing is swift, sure, knowing. Played well. Highly innovative? Deeply creative? Waaal, mebbe not. But, like hearing familiar music played with gusto, sometimes it's better than an earnest creative effort. The scenes played seamlessly in to each other, dialogue worked from tension to reveal in swift, evocative steps. Nice work.
Patty started hoarding when her philandering husband leaves her.  She has two sons.  The cleaning guy with the chin dimple tried to sleep in her house, but couldn't to it.  It was yucky and funny seeing his head resting close to some fecal matter.  Patty has two sons, one married to a man.  ND doesn't allow same-sex marriage, but I'm so happy that the show always refered to Cody as a husband and not some euphemism.  The mother and brother called the husband all kinds of names, but the show doesn't explain why the husband is a bad person.  If anything many rainbow-flag men would have left lovers with crazy family members in a second.  Once the house is clean, the therapist encourages the owner to deal with her feelings.  I don't understand how an empty house makes a woman deal with being dissed by her ex-spouse.  The (straight) son at times has his T-shirt's msg blurred and at other times is seen wearing the Gabriel Iglesias shirt saying "I'm not fat; I'm fluffy."  I'm a fatty too and I can empathize with the family, but they did seem morbidly obese.  I do worry about their healths.In the other fact pattern, the woman of the house owes about $50,000 in credit card debt due to hoarded objects.  Her husband had every reason in the world to leave her, but you can tell he doesn't want to in his heart.  The woman had the nerve to say she never wanted sons, although she has 4 of them.  The crew is nice enough to clean her house and she yells, "I don't like the color of these walls."  After all her drama, the therapist said, "She may seem like a jerk to others, but that's the disease controlling her."  I'm skeptical of that.  It felt like passing the blame.  This woman was just really nasty and when she abandoned by everybody who could have loved her, I think she's going to be quite rueful.  She cries and yells, "I hate being disappointed."  I was thinking, "Then maybe you shouldn't set unrealistic standards for others!"  I kinda wonder if she has anti-social personality disorder.
Boring sad women some need meds and others ( turtle time) had plenty.  By the way Mario is a supercilious snake who ain't all that and a bag of chips.  Thank you for the vent  Carla Tamari
I found Betas to have mostly unlikeable characters who are rude and crude. I do not appriciate their unkept bodies, peeing on the street, sex, sex, sex inuendos and lude behavior. Yuck!!!!
This series is truly heartbreaking to watch. The hell the addicts and their families endure, is a real human tragedy.
I prefer by far the dark humor in Amazon's other proposed series -- Transparent -- to the frat-boy humor found here. The cast is appealing and I think this would be a crowd-pleaser for folks who like sitcoms.
IMHO the opening sequence, with the congressman being arrested, was very promising and quite funny. The rest of the show after that was uneven with very funny moments, like the drunken men shooting at the pumpkin in the basement and missing, mixed with not so funny moments, like the award speech for the "normal" marriage award. Come on guys; this should have been awkward as written but funnier. I love John Goodman and the mix of characters seems interesting. I would like to see more action, such as the congressmen wiggling out of problems and their staff spinning it to their advantage. The writers need to find a way to write story lines with more visual humor and surprising twists and events to play the humor off of. This show has promise but is yet to find its legs.
Although the acting is excellent, the story line has become more predictable and less appealing, with a higher level of violence dominating the series.
I like science fiction and have seen and read enough sci-fi stories, over the past seven decades, to give this program a weak Three Star rating based on the attempt to produce a quality T.V. series. The scenery, and other images of the supposed future location gets a higher rating of Four Stars.  However the aliens, costumes, dialog, and the storyline full of clich&eacute;'s is very weak and supports only a Two Star rating. Hence my rating overall, is Three Stars. My wife is not into sci-fi so she is not interested in viewing this type of program. She's doesn't care what an apocalyptic future might hold, or what alien races might look like, or how they may interact with humans. But as a history buff, one of her all time favorite series is Deadwood from H.B.O. After I watched the fourth episode of Defiance I noticed something.  I asked her to watch the first ten minutes or so of that episode, and tell me what she saw.  Immediately she said that the street scene looked like the main drag of Deadwood D.T. circa 1876. The muddy road lined with ramshackle buildings had a typical frontier town look. The whole street scene appears to have been lifted directly from the Deadwood series set, complete down to an open air meat market with hanging animal carcasses, and butchers hard at work. Also appearing to be lifted is the town's setting as an outlaw mining area which had been stolen from some otherworldly species. The only thing missing from this scene is Mr. Wu's hogs used for pork chops, and body disposal.  Except from stock, apocalyptic science fiction type clothing (i.e. Mad Max , etc.), the worn out clothing passing as costumes was interchangeable with the 19th century American Old West. My wife didn't view much more than the ten minutes she watched so she missed the Avatar type luminescent plants and "other-worldly" monster animals. Speaking of other-worldly creatures I think the most ridiculous alien is the tall, furry one who appears to be a cross between Chewbacca, and a character from one of the "Planet of the Apes" film series. I have to give this series a round of applause for the attempt at producing a well thought out and produced series, but the sound level generated by my hands coming together would be just slightly audible.
I enjoyed The Sopranos so decided to give this a whirl in order to see if fiction and "reality" overlap much. It turns out that this is not only comparing apples to oranges; it is also like comparing the Mona Lisa (The Sopranos) to an avant-garde exhibit that consists of a pile of poop (Mob Wives). I am loathe to review an available season without having watched it in its entirety, but I just couldn't get thru many eps of this... there is only so much dim-witted posturing, backstabbing, lying, and general ugliness that I can handle in any given month (when not balanced out by creativity and other redeeming qualities, as in a work of fiction).From a purely anthropological viewpoint, however, this show has some worth. It provides a small bit of insight into what a blue collar criminal lifestyle can lead to: material wealth, broken families, and a mindset of coming at problems shouting and predisposed to violence. Since Mob Wives is not without context, it also offers perspective on a broader (societal) scale. It is, more often than not, a sickening serial to watch, even if you are prone to being entertained by low culture. I estimate that two of the women are of very low intelligence, one is of low intelligence, and one is of low to moderate intelligence. Aside from needing the money, I can't imagine why these 4 would have agreed to do this show (although if I remember correctly, one of them wanted to write a book, so this is obviously good publicity). They either are clueless about how pathetic they appear to the rest of us, or they don't care (laughing all the way to the bank).I skipped ahead to an episode titled "Dumb or Stupid?" (the producers probably would have liked this to be the name of the show, rather than just one episode) because I wanted to see how far these women would go against their "friends" at a dinner gathering. Unfortunately, a guy on the set intervened before any blood was spilled. Mobsters just aren't what they used to be.
The main premise of this show appears to take the actor with the least screen time or interaction with the star and make them the guilty party. A 1970's novel style that quickly annoyed people by having them read several hundred pages before introducing the killer on the next to last page. The main character is likable and the relationship with the nurse is oft-times weird and disjointed, but the supporting cast makes up for the obvious flaws and inconsistencies that abound and annoy. I've been binge watching it and do find myself checking the time, playing Frost, or looking up baseball scores while it's on, so take it for what it's worth. I guess its better than network TV, but not by much.
uexpected turn of quality from previous seasons.  Not nearly as entairtaining to watch as it was in previous seasons.  The show now sindicated has gotten complacent no surprise when you already have viewers and making money.  Common you where the show to watch, what has happen?
I've only enjoyed one episode so half for the second half of season 7. I still find Clara very charming and quite interesting, but sometimes she can be very much window dressing. Kind of just there to look at and admire how charming and pretty she is. I don't feel she's been given enough to do compared to Amy Pond. This is only the beginning of her journey and I look forward to following that journey. I would recommend that people give this half season a try because we all have different taste. I will continue to watch until the season finale, but after that I don't know if I can continue purchasing such low quality episodes.
I just finished the Battlestar Galactia series with some mixed feelings about the show and the path it took to tell its story.I enjoyed the first two seasons quite a bit, but the third seasons writing started to faulter and the fourth seemed like they were using different writers altogether.The show attempted to take on some pretty serious issues that can be hot button subjects for some. We hear throughout the series of the gods (human belief) and god ( cylon belief) belief systems and which was right/true Vs. the other false god(s) and in season three it really heats up and is one of the major factors for the war. I didn't feel that this show was a good platform to try to rationalize religion, social/wealth status  and race issues that have plagued us forever the way shows like MASH was able to effectively address during its run on TV. Yes, its a drama, but its a scifi/fantasy drama and it wasn't near as effective nor as convincing as other shows like Mash's superior writing, acting and directing teams talents.The shows writers creat tension for the show by having these constant  riffs between the military and civilian populations that for me made little sense when the entire race was fighting for survival. Not everyone would use weapons, but would provide support for the troops and the population in one form or another. Yes, there would be issues, but everyone (all were soliders) was fighting for their lives and their race. Yet, we would rarely ever see people join the fight as troops or pilots like we saw during WWII and when you think of the stakes involved the shows creators/writers really blow this need for unity and patriotism that saved the day back then as well as for their war.I don't know about you, but half way into season two I had had enough of Galus Baltar (James Callis) who did a great job at being the King Antagonist of all time!!! I felt his role turned into some kind of comic book character like the road runner (at least I like the road runner) who never received a scratch no matter what was thrown at him. Baltar would have been killed more times than all the humans and cylon's combined if his character resembled something other than pure fantasy.All the mutinies and drunkeness and disobeying of orders that were in this story would have been the end of the human race in any other show.Look. I'm am in the middle on this show and how I rated it because of all its flaws and its OTT (over the top) stories/plotlines and silly characterizations of some of the cast. I liked the first BSG (1978) a little more than this one because of their character portrayals and stories. That said, I really liked this shows special effects and action scenes over the original series and between that and most of the casts acting abilities help to still make this a decent scifi series to sit back and watch.There is a fair amount of cursing and their version of the F&#8230;word (fracking) being used a lot ( you how many service persons like to swear a lot) to keep from being rated for mature audiences. There is several sex/love making scenes through ought the series especially Dr. Baltar's character without any exposed breasts.Again, this was a mostly fun to watch series especially the first two seasons with the third and fourth more of a challenge to sit through. 3 stars.Ps. I don't think that the ending was worthy of the first two seasons buildup and it turned into a big let down.
I was at about 3-1/2 stars on this one.  It was a cool movie.  Kinda reminds me of going home, and seeing people you haven't seen in years.
weak, boring completely flawed characters. As much as I was drawn into the first episode's plot and as much as I wanted to love this show with all the mystery surrounding  the murders and the excitement I just couldn't enjoy it as much because the characters didn't really grab me and as time went by I became less and less interested in the plot to begin with.Danny is a teenage boy who's back in town, the only difference is he spent the last couple of years in jail for murdering none other but his aunt who was baby setting him and his two childhood friends Joe and Lacey one afternoon. Now, Danny claims he's not a psychopath or a sociopath nor did he murder his aunt by accident, he did it on purpose fully knowing the consequences *something involving a necklace?* but he refuses to tell anyone the real reason behind it which not only sounds odd and strange it also makes me question the sanity of Danny's character granted he was 9 at the time so what could he possibly know about his aunt to make such a decision. His mother extremely good looking and glamorous compared to the rest of the mothers on the show, is not only a source of envy and despise she's also insisting on making the rest of the town accept her criminal son at all costs including flirting with the local High school's principle and attending public ceremonies. Joe is torn between being loyal to her murderer ex, childhood friend and the fact that oh well he is a murderer who put them through a traumatic experience considering he committed the murder while they were on scene. Lacy though nostalgic for the past is convincing herself and others that she's totally against him and unwilling to accept him as a friend. Not long after Danny's return another murder happens this time Lacy's best friend Regina who's the popular/air head pretty mediocre girl in school is the victim. Now of course everyone blames Danny considering his obvious dark past and Joe's father is working very hard to find an evidence that'll link him to the murder and put him in jail this time forever if necessary. Meanwhile, we don't know who the real murderer is.Yes, the plot is interesting for a mystery drama but after a while it just seems so contrived and dragged on. It also seems very unbelievable at times. Danny is your golden child knows everything, straight A student, a pro at playing soccer for god's sake after spending years in jail? You really want me to believe that he doesn't find it hard at all to fit right back into society. He's so at ease with other people and with the public community that it's like he never left. Now in reality most criminals will find some difficulty in dealing with the real world after being locked up for so long. Lacy as a character is completely torn she doesn't know if she wants to be Danny's friend or his enemy. She's the classic know it all girl in High school that you just wanted to strangle at times. So perfect, so elegant. Boring! Joe is the only one who stands out from the crowd by trying to actually look at the bigger picture instead of hating on Danny like everyone else and blaming him for every murder there is in town wether he did it or not, except she too has her doubts and is confused at times. She stands up for her childhood friend for reasons unknown *I smell a romance anyone?* Danny's mother is conniving and overly ambitious trying to climb the social ladder, your average desperate housewife, the socialist, rich woman. The rest of the characters are two dimensional and very stereotypical as well. The jerks in school who are popular and exude over confidence that borders into arrogance, the fake blonds, the hateful towns people who are so narrow minded and empty headed they believe anything the news would tell them as truth. I just couldn't stand half of the characters.Yeah, give it a try. The show has it's redeeming qualities I'll only continue watching because I want to know who the murderer is and why Danny killed his aunt. I don't even watch a full episode anymore I just fast forward it cause I get bored easily with the unnecessary details.EDIT: *SPOILER ALERT* :;So I just continued watching further episodes to see if it'll improve and now it appears to be that Lacy has a crush on Danny. So Joe and Lacy are both fighting for Danny's affections. A very unlikable character who's a snob, and a very likely turn of events. Makes the show even stupider than it was.
What a morose way to end such a fun series. I always said that if they ever began taking this show seriously, it would come to a bad end, and I was right. It's like, we're ending the season with no sense of humor. In fact, we're gonna off the Asgard by letting them commit mass suicide and then we're going to spring a Greek tragedy on poor T'ealc. This show succeeded through its sense of humor (why else watch a show where everyone within three galaxies all speak 21st century English? Duh!). Now it fades into oblivion without any sense of fulfillment. What a shame. Maybe that's why this season is going for $29! I'd rather buy two copies of Season 1! How do I pick zero stars?
I went into this movie expecting to watch a flat out comedy, but I got a little more than I excepted. The film is primarily a dark comedy about a group of bridesmaid who accidentally destroy the bride's gown, and frantically try to repair the damage before the wedding. While there are definitely some humorous scenes in the film, its a dark humor and might even be considered a little vulgar to some people. These women are also dealing with a lot of personal tragedy. One is bulimic, one has is addicted to coke, and one has a drinking problem, and those  are only some of the self destructive traits they possess. It was a decent movie and worth watching once, but probably not something I would sit through twice. 3 Stars.
First few minutes had a decent feel to it. Then the &#34;thing&#34; starts to be revealed and....eh. The character were so cliche'd and either overacted or played so obvious, almost like directors felt that the audience wouldn't be able to distinguish otherwise. For me, the middle of this genre has played out, and this  brings nothing new to the table. And then the &#34;feel&#34; of the show seems stilted and low budget. Not that low budget has to be bad, but the rest of the writing and characters do nothing to lift the show. I don't see me watching any further.
I lived the dot com in Silicon Valley.  It's a bit dated in some of its references yet well acted with a tongue in cheek approach to quirky Valley life.If you don't read Wired or know much about the Valley, you might really enjoy the show.  I found it lacking I true depth of the characters who are focused on product, money and fame...
This was so lame that 1 day after I saw it, and noticed it was still on my watchlist, I had to search my memory to recall what it was about. Once I did, I rolled my eyes. Problem #1: The main protag (female): just lame. Annoyingly lame. #2, the only other character, besides Fahey that was even remotely compelling was the boyfriend. He, like the rest, had little to no character development. #3: no good atmosphere. That sterile chamber was anti-atmospheric. The rest was dark and cavelike but no decent camerawork to accentuate anything except 'dark'. I saw the Aussie flick, Sanctum, not horror but thriller, about an underwater cave explorer who goes out with his team to chart unexplored cave systems (underwater of course). That one was way better than this. And it wasn't even horror. The horror effects here were mainly nanosecond long demonic eyes popping up in ordinary faces. The ending was so obvious to me that I snorted in derision when It came to pass. A total waste of horror. Is this really getting wide distribution?? Then what I said about the other big studio flick "No Vacancy" applies here: American horror is dead.
Hollywood liberalism on STELLAR display! Of the last three Presidents...Clinton, Bush, Obama....only ONE has NOT been a wartime president and whom does Mason quote when he adresses his people? Clinton! Gimme a Break!
A sci-fi movie &#8220;Europa Report&#8221; follows the &#8220;Europa One&#8221; mission that goes wrong &#8211; a privately-funded mission to Europa, one of the moons of Jupiter, to find extraterrestrial life forms. Being a found-footage film, &#8220;Europa Report&#8221; tells the story of six astronauts, using images of head cameras and monitor cameras in a spaceship, as well as talking heads scenes.The film is very unique and ambitious in its effort to stick to realism, using the found-footage format that has become very familiar to us. While the method manages to visually enhance the reality of the film, especially its claustrophobic atmosphere, it inevitably makes the film reliant on dialogues that are often heavy and not always interesting.But I think the biggest problem is the film&#8217;s storyline itself. The idea of a privately-funded spaceship travelling to discover the evidence of extraterrestrial life is not something that I can believe, especially when the film makes almost no effort to make us care the characters and their mission. Why should we, if they find something or not? Also, the film&#8217;s jumbled timeline does not help.Of course, I see the point of the film, a science fiction movie that is scientifically accurate. Unfortunately, accuracy alone could be very boring.
I wasn't expecting a joyful show when I started watching this, but it was stranger than I imagined it would be. The show is pretty vulgar and doesn't hold back with much of anything...although I must admit I only watched the first and part of the second episodes - I just couldn't watch anymore.
This series has none of the draw of the two previous, mostly because the characters have absolutely no depth, nor does there seem much of a chance that any will be developed. There's simply nothing to connect with. There's not a single figure who is likeable, funny, worthy of loathing...nothing. I gave it five episodes, and that's it. Too bad; "Stargate" and "Stargate Atlantis" ranks as two of my favorite TV shows of all time. This stunk.
Watched it coz Anna Kendrick is on it. It was a complete waste of time. 1+ hours of my life I can't get back.
This series never quite got going. Small town politics, father / son disagreements going back years, and somewhere in there was a mystery. Oh yeah, out-of-wedlock daughter...no that wasn't the mystery. Oh well, there was a mystery in there somewhere. The scenery was dark, wintery, wild, and made me wonder how the locals supported themselves. One episode and my unfinished book and paying bills looked fairly exciting.
I really didn't like this at all. The concept was alright, and the animation was very nice, but the jokes and characters didn't hold up at all. Not interested in this as a series.
Specifically to the Episode &#34;Fire and Brimstone&#34;:  Amazon has lost the licensing agreement to play this episode?  Unbelievable!  This type of snafu is unacceptable to consumers/viewers and subscribers who have paid good money to view one of their favorite shows.  Get your act together, Amazon, and bring back The Mentalist!
The first two seasons were well worth watching.  Season three was so disappointing.  Was very tired of the justification in rounding up the &#34;different&#34; people.
Utilizing the increasingly popular "found footage" genre that combines elements of the thriller into a faux documentary presentation, "Area 407" is never particularly effective at establishing its intentions. It's hard to discuss the flaws of the film without revealing too much, so I'll be purposefully vague. The movie charts a plane crash and its immediate aftermath in a desert region of the United States. The survivors of the crash face two imminent dangers (which I won't discuss) but the two threads don't really work well together. As the DVD cover positions the film as a monster movie, I'll say that particular element is handled reasonably well. You get occasional glimpses of the terror, but nothing of a full reveal until the very end. The more human side to the threat is a LOT more vague, unexplained, and frankly lacking in logic. I didn't necessarily hate "Area 407," it just offers little new to this overused film technique. You've seen similar movies and you've seen them better.The movie begins on New Year's Eve as a cross country flight from New York to Los Angles is about to embark. Two young sisters are among the passengers and the youngest is filming everyone in the most irritating way possible. Not to be unkind or personal, but the voice is like nails on a chalkboard. Seriously, I'd have rammed a pencil in my ear if I had been seated next to her. But of course, she is super precious and charming to everyone else and they proceed to treat her like a two year old for the remainder of the picture. The plane crash itself is decent, and I loved the way everyone's head was splattered with massive amounts of bright red blood afterwards. A small band of survivors now must face the ultimate challenge to their survival. Who will make it through the night? What is stalking them? And can anyone help? The movie plays just as you would expect with people dropping like flies.I had two major issues with "Area 407." First, the logic of the "found footage" style is never adhered to very well. In one scene, for example, a menacing noise is heard in the woods. The young lady holding the camera never swings around toward the source of the noise like you would in real life, she keeps the shot firmly on the flight attendant's reaction. In a normal chain of events, they'd have been using the light to try to see what was making the noise and the attendant would have screamed "get that camera out of my face, you bozo, don't you hear that screaming!" But even more distracting, the film seems to lack a real screenplay (although FIVE people share a story credit for this thin tale). The cast (a couple of which are quite good) seem to be making dialogue up as the movie zips along. Needless to say, quite a few awkward and ridiculous phrases and exclamations are uttered before the night is through. All in all, the entire endeavor feels slight, familiar, and relatively amateurish. My simple wish is never to see another "found footage" thriller until someone has something new to offer. "Area 407" is not that movie. KGHarris, 8/12
The characters do cute animated dance steps, sing hamony, and have imaginative adventures.  It seems that if the show has any educational purpose, it is to encourage kids to be imaginative, and that just doesn't work.  Kids watching little critters having imaginative adventures does not help them imagine their own adventures.  It helps them be couch potatoes.
One must suspend reality and assume psychology is a valid form of &#34;seeing &#34; the human makeup, and that philosophy is nonexistent.  Furthermore, the issue of Volition must be sprinkled loosely but never consistently throughout the plot.  And last but not least, you must take &#34;fat men in charge&#34; as a wonderful thing.Other than these issues, sometimes, the goodness in the plot(s) can actually shine through.
I can barley remember the plot. Not one redeeming quality that I can remember. Giving the choice I would not recommend this to any one.
Unless there is a significant twist to explain why the characters are acting in a way no real person would act (i.e. not understanding how a phone battery works), this show has no potential.
I wish I had a 3.5 for this one.Not for anyone with a weak stomach and the writing could be a little faster.  It's more interesting for the history (false or not) the show takes you back to days seldom talked about and understood.  Worth a buy but it's no 5 star show!
This material might have made for a better movie than a tv series. Can't imagine this sustaining over the long haul.
I love good science fiction.  All stories, science fiction included need good characters and a good plot line.Great science fiction need these plus introduction of new and different tools, apparatus, or stuff that could only be in a scientific world.  Hard to explain but Avatar is a great example of great  futuristic stuff. this science fiction depends almost entirely on characters.The first episode showed some cool stuff, then tappered of to just a story.
I tried three times to watch this series, but I cannot get past the first episode, where the main characters (who remember, we are all supposed to be able to relate to)lie, cheat, steal, assault, bilk, pilfer, pickpocket, participate in vehicular homicide and then escape to a life of the super-rich. No, they all should have just been caught, arrested, tried and thrown in prison, end of series.I love Eddie Izzard as a comedian and as an actor, but this series simply crosses my ethical lines; you do not make heroes out of villains, you just don't send that message to the world, unless you make it clear that what you are promoting and supporting and suggesting EVIL as a justified way of life. Just because they are part of an even worse criminal element, that does not forgive them for their actions, which they never have to face, that does not give the producers the right to present an upside-down morality play as if it were OK to just kill someone, take over their life, impersonate them, and go about your business as if nothing evil happened, or that it wasn't your fault.So I'll just prop the soapbox up over here and quietly walk away, while you figure out why you want to watch bad people get away with bad things.
Too slow-moving when the climax is there it couldn't get there soon enough and naturally predictable.Boring at times,and when the "Horror" did come it was gross in an bad and distasteful.The movie is more of an thriller than an horror movie,Glad I watched it on Netflix instant first than renting it or owning it.Not enough scares to be scary and not interesting enough for me to watch again.
I rated this 3 stars!  I did this for two reasons.1. the plot was central compelling.2. the theme was integral to the plot.I did not give it a higher rating due to the side plots1. the two main characters became too much distracting to the plot.2. if I wanted to see how REAL the characters could be, I'd be a Jerry Springer fan!Enough said!  will not pay for more $%#@!  Too bad because the writer's and the actors were very compelling and good!  Especially since there are too many other shows that I do NOT have to put up with this altruistic BS.thank you!
After a time of see this serie i wonder what happens with the subtitles . Is no a bad serie of the universe but the millions of people who are deafmute will no apreciate.
I am unable to rate this program. It looks like a very good program, one worth watching but I did not.
American culture is no longer embarrassed by any kind of bad behavior so the quaint and stupid social faux pas committed by the characters in this program are likely NOT be understood or found funny in American culture.Laughing at other people's embarrassment is cruel. Intelligent and kind people are charmed to laughter by clever irony or juxtaposition of ideas, not when someone else is hurt, as in slapstick, or stupid, or embarrassed.
I watched Helen Mirren in every episode of this show when it first aired on BBC in the UK.  She was absolutely magnificent in the role.  I suspect how much you like this show will depend on whether you saw the original series starring Mirren. I can't say this is a terrible version of the series.  However, the whole thing turns on the lead actress and her desire to climb to the absolute top of the homicide heap.  I didn't think this actress had the same ability as Mirren with this character.I also wonder about such blatant sexism being practiced by the NYPD with the USA's EEO laws.  The entire first episode is a flagrant violation of those laws and we learn in seconds that this is just one series in a long episode of her cases being handed over to the men in the office.  The USA is so much more litigious than the Brits that I simply can't believe she isn't seeing a lawyer and shortly receiving  a hefty settlement along with any homicide case she wants to handle.
And that's probably what is more important I suppose.  It's not quite the same Scooby-Doo that I watched growing up in the 60's and 70's.  But again, it entertains my kids.
I see dead people. No really, I see dead people all over town. Gripping true story about a real live menace. Eat up.
Surprisingly restrained considering the trailer had so many threatening and spooky images. I will say that 'The Orphanage' does get an A for atmosphere, but reading subtitles during this film distracted me from the experience. I usually pass on films with subtitles, but this film seemed too good to pass up and there are always exceptions to the rule. It's a pretty easy film to follow, even though this was played up to be a very spooky film, I found it to be more sad than scary. The DVD transfer looks very good and this is worth seeing, but maybe rent before buying it.
Run,nay flee from this piece of trash.Alas,silicon speak is not for me.Endure it not for there is no plot.Close your eyes and it will go away.
Some good info....but so much repetition. This series could be cut in half, Also, some of the things they bring up they don't tell you what happened....it is worth a watch.
it was an unknown to known movie to be known of i did not understand the opinion of the flick and i want to give it a one star for the grouping...
This season was not bad, but it wasn't my favorite either. I will say despite the series coming to the end 'Leverage' writers left us with super closure. They neatly and heartfully tied it up. The best way to describe the difference would be that season 5 just changed paced.
I grew up on Star Wars, Star Trek and loved Battlestar Gallactica.  I am a nerd and proud of it.  I do not like gratuitous sex references and drug use.  Get rid of that, make it more spoofy of the great space shows of the past and give Feldenbaum some great straight man lines.  I'd give it another watch if you made more.
I really can not say how much I couldn't stand this movie. I'm sorry but I have grown weary of writers and directors who think that they can paint themselves as artists by making an incoherent movie with characters no one cares about that flows free form from one scene to the next in an attempt to be different. You're not different you're just bad.The basic premise here is Charles Swan III (portrayed by Charlie Sheen copying his performances from TWO AND A HALF MEN and ANGER MANAGEMENT) stars as a man in love with a woman who leaves him when she discovers he has a drawer filled with Polaroid pictures of past conquests. Why he feels the need to keep these around in such an open area who knows. Distraught at her leaving he attempts to drive after her, wrecks his car and ends up in the hospital.From here the movie goes every which way it can. It moves backward and forward in time, it moves into the surreal world of Charles's mind, it bring in characters just made for cameos and it goes nowhere fast. Some reviews of this film have called it genius and others have called it one of the worst films ever made. I tend to fall in the latter group.I found it difficult just to get through a large portion of this film let alone from beginning to end. I'll be the first to admit I never got there. Something inside of me said that there were better things in this world I could be doing than watching this piece of manure posing as art. Movies like this do little but make me angry when I read about other films that have lingered on shelves for years that sounded good but never got made. Then I realize that someone gave the people behind this movie money to make it and I think why this and not that?The film was written/directed by Roman Coppola who co-wrote THE DARJEELING LIMITED and MOONRISE KINGDOM with director Wes Anderson. I've never been a huge fan of Anderson for many of the reasons this film didn't work, but at least I've been entertained by them in one way or another. This movie feels like it was made by a fanboy of Anderson's who wanted to show he could make just as quirky a film. Instead it falls flat on its face offering a boring film that makes no sense and is difficult to watch let alone enjoy.Don't let the cover fool you. Names like Charlie Sheen, Bill Murray, Patricia Arquette and Jason Schwartzman may be listed in the credits but I could only believe they did this movie as a favor to Coppola. They would have done him a bigger favor by telling him that yes indeed; the king wasn't wearing any clothes.
I could only understand maybe 1% of what they were saying.However, this film seems truly dedicated to recapturing the one and only brilliant plots of 1950's IT CAME FROM OUTER SPACE themes.Watch it!I recommend it, even though I have no FREAKING idea what they were saying....
Why did this title become unavailable with no prior notification of a availability window? This happens all too often and it is the one thing that keeps me on the fence about going all in with Amazon or going with all iTunes content instead.
This was boring. I like Titus Welliver, but I'm so bored with cop dramas. The production looked good. Spend your dollars on something else.
A slave falls in love with a noblewoman, the city of Pompeii will be destroyed by volcanic blasts, and there are games and fights and death and destruction.  You've seen it before but it is entertaining.
I would catch this on TV while late-night surfing from time to time. When it was available on Prime, I would turn it on as background while working on other things. I always got sucked into the drama and how crazy the moms were and how much money they put into clothes and make-up. I confess I watched every episode and felt miserably sorry for the kids in every one. If you don't mind the drama, it is entertaining in just the ridiculous-ness of it all.
SPOILERS!!!My BIG problem with this is how stupid some of these guys are. You sit there wondering how long is it going to take SOMEONE to realize they can get through the house gates just by driving the the ambulance through them. Why did they stand around going, &#34;It's locked! What can we do?&#34; The cop has to TOLD by someone else to use her 'stick' to get the elevator doors opened. And then the cop allows an armed man to walk right up to her and slowly take her service revolver?!? Seriously? She has to be the worst cop EVER. Perhaps she's really just a crossing guard. For awhile I thought she might an actor dressed as a cop since she was in the same building as the actress. THAT'S how bad of a cop she is. She never takes charge in any way. And why on earth would the criminal go back to the house just because the actress says she left her phone? Does the Irish guy have to think about drinking all the time? Come on! You've got an African-American as a criminal and then later thieving Hispanics. Isn't that enough stereotyping for one hour? And how the hell does that old woman keep a house that size running with ONE employee? She would have a staff. Positive note: the acting is well done. And the few XFiles-like moments are cool and weird (but what the hell is it with Chris Carter and bees? or was that a little nod to the old XFile days?) I will watch another episode ONLY because it is Chris Carter and I want him to give us another classic show.
I find this is a movie about another diet overweight Americans can use to loose weight and get their health back. One key note: the logic used in this film, that is,  Paleolithic Humans were in great shape with bigger brains, wider jaws to allow for wisdom teeth to come down and healthier is flawed in my opinion based on what I know about early humans.. Most humans, at that time had a shorter life expectancy, if I recall approximately 30 yrs. So of course some arthritic damage was not evident. Yes they were leaner because they moved more and ate less. Wisdom teeth are a result of evolution, they were designed to replace the teeth our ancestors lost before they were 20, if they were still alive. Thanks to modern dentistry, we do keep most of our teeth today, therefor our jaws cannot accommodate those extra teeth. I do agree with eating ingredients that are found naturally but do not feel rice and potatoes are our enemies. Eating too much is our problem. WIth these points in mind take the info offered and decide if this plan works for you
This shows off the beauty and darkness of rural Ireland beautifully, and the actors are very good, but the background story (at least two seasons worth!) overwhelms the individual episodes and it's presented in an annoying manner.
I can appreciate that &#34;Bosch&#34; is a character from a book, and that Welliver is supposed to duplicate that character, but this one is just a bit too smug, and cliche.  World-weary, semi-addicted, imperfect cop with need for redemption acts out on compulsions.  Got it.  Needs better direction.
I would love to give this a 5-star review. It's not bad TV in many ways. For one thing, most of the acting is excellent. Very seldom will you find yourself thinking &#34;this actor stinks&#34;. They have also (so far) avoided the all-too-common pitfall of over-explaining. They leave a lot of things a mystery, which they can either unfold later, or leave up to the viewer to ponder-over. That's a key hallmark of good science fiction, and it's nice to see it. (It's why books like the original 2001 an Rendezvous with Rama work so well, leaving us thinking about them years later). They did a decent job with the aliens too. Sure, they still look &#34;mostly like humans&#34;, but they've done things like add very non-human mannerisms and cultures. It seems like they really tried to make the aliens seem truly alien (within the bounds of what is probably a pretty limited budget). The special effects start out pretty bad in the pilot, but do get at least somewhat better as the season progresses. Despite the good points, however, the show suffers from cliche after cliche. Sure, it's hard to think of something completely new (impossible really), but you don't have to hit every single cliche in the book! The hooker with the heart of gold... Really? Do we have to use that one again? At least change it up a little... And, unlike Firefly, where you get the very clear idea that the the writers know they when they are using a cliche and are having fun with it on purpose, there is no sense of this understanding in Defiance. So where the hooker with the heart of gold works fine in Firefly, all it leaves you doing in this show is groaning &#34;oh lord, not again! If they can break out of the cliche-mold a bit more in season 2, then this series might really become something excellent.
... and I never watched much of Lost. Interesting idea, but too many &#34;odd&#34; connections and the like for my taste
Just continues to go down hill.  I can see why the network did not renew.  A disappointing finish to a show with a great potential.
The animation is good. All of the female characters seem pretty dumb though, so I will save myself the aggravation and not watch it.
A few years back Quentin Tarrantino and Robert Rodriquez made a film called GRINDHOUSE. The film featured two movies that paid tribute to the type of film known as grindhouse films, exploitation films that played in the cheap theaters of New York's Times Square and across the country in most drive ins. They usually featured copious amounts of blood, breasts, gore, violence and were usually in pretty poor condition physically with scratched prints galore. The two directors also included fake previews of coming attractions in their film. Which led to a contest.The contest was to see if online readers could make their own coming attraction preview in the grindhouse mode. I honestly don't recall what the winner received with the exception of being known online as the winner. In this case the winner was Jason Eisner and his preview was for HOBO WITH A SHOTGUN. From that short preview Eisner found backing to make it into a feature film and switched from an unknown to movie star Rutger Hauer in the lead role. The film remains true to the preview and offers one of the goriest films ever made.Shot in an extra bright seemingly psychedelic palette of colors, the film opens with Hauer riding the rails and stopping to get off in a town renamed Scum Town via spray paint on the original sign. This town looks bad from the start. Trash fills the street, people are covered in dirt and grime and everyone seems to walk around in a daze.While picking up bottles to trade for cash, the Hobo watches as a man runs down the street begging for help, handcuffed and wearing what appears to be a manhole cover around his neck. Caught by a pair of bad guys doing their best Tom Cruise impersonations, their boss/father shows up. The Drake is mean with a capital M. This is his brother and he's unhappy with him but rather than give him a break, he drops him in a hole, puts a barb wire noose around his neck and after attaching the other end to his son's car decapitates him. The blood flows freely and excessively, a geyser of red that covers The Drake's scantily clad companion.The Hobo runs into the pair of sons again and enters their club unseen. He watches as a young woman named Abby stands up to the leader of the two and saves her from them; placing himself in danger should he be caught later on. Abby later befriends the Hobo and he tells her all he wants is enough money to buy a lawnmower and start his own business.Instead when he goes to buy the mower after making enough money, a trio of robbers enters the pawn shop where he's at and threatens everyone there. He makes a quick decision and walks past the lawnmower to the shotgun on the wall and opens up on the trio. The result is more flowing blood and gore. The Hobo becomes a hero of sorts, walking around town in broad daylight and shooting every violent miscreant that walks the streets.Of course this catches the eye of The Drake and he sends his sons out to take care of the situation. More gore, more blood and plenty of violence follows until the final showdown happens.If you understand the word Troma, then you'll know what to expect here. Outlandish simplistic plot, an overabundance of gore/blood and acting that is more often than not sub-par. There is no depth to the story here and people with necks sawed with a tree saw survive to fight again, people with broken limbs feel no pain after a face full of cocaine and the world continues to look crummy even as the end credits role.Fans of this sort of film and of Troma (who surprisingly had nothing to do with this film) pictures will adore this movie. Those who like more mainstream films will find their jaws dropping into their laps as they watch scene after scene. And those like me, somewhere in the middle, will appreciate the attempt at making a grindhouse epic while at the same time wondering why? Not only that, we'll wonder why an actor of Hauer's stature would think this was worth being in. Has he truly landed on hard times? I can think of no other reason than the sheer novelty of being in this movie.A word of warning: this movie is DEFINITELY not for kids. The extreme gore scenes while played out in all their bright colored glory are not for the sensitive nor for young eyes.
This film offers some valuable lessons about autism but it's execution is uneven. The character he worked with (the owner's son) was simply not believable. Luke's character was much more engaging and believable. The early parts of the film are slow to develop. In my view, the story probably could have been told in less time but it's worth seeing.
I didn't watch very much as the subject of someone drowning in a trunk of a car made my claustrophobia scream. If that does not bother you it would be a good show...
Sorry folks.  This may have just been a cultural difference, but.... This was just boring.  Couldn't get through it.  I like sub titles, this one fell short
I initially watched this movie because the general storyline seemed to hold some promise. Once started I continued to watch the movie hoping that eventually something would happen that would pull it all together; I was, however, doomed to disappointment as nothing ever came to its rescue. The movie just plods along with darkness threatening and people disappearing with no effort at an explanation or resolution.It has an interesting premise where people disappear and leave clothes, shoes, glasses, jewelry and false teeth behind but the implementation of that premise is a sorry disappointment, the devil is in the details. One keeps hoping that some sort of reason will be revealed but that never happens. The problem, whatever it might be, involves not only 7th Street but all of Detroit.As a Christian I see the resemblance to the Christian doctrine of the Rapture of the Church but whereas this doctrine has a cause and an explanation and is fundamentally good; the disappearance of those in the movie is never explained and is represented as fearful, threatening and evil.When the movie stops the story is continuing but the movie isn't; that's sort of a relief really, one has the feeling whew, it's finally over. This is definitely one I suggest watching before you buy; I'm quite sure I'll never watch it again.
Dario Argento takes a dump on Bram Stoker's classic story with this amateurish, cheap and dull production of Dracula.  Argento has never been known for thought-provoking cinema, and more often than not his stories feature an abundance of style over substance.  Here, even the style comes off as schlocky and cheesy, and not in a &#34;so bad it's good&#34; way either.  The entire cast doesn't speak English as a first language, and it shows in their performances.  With few exceptions, they all come off as stiff and wooden, with lifeless line readings.  Even Rutger Hauer, who has given some terrific performances in his career, is on auto-pilot here.  The only actor in the entire cast who really looks like he's enjoying himself is Thomas Kretschmann, who plays the titular Count.  And at times, it looks and sounds like he's doing his best Bela Lugosi impression.  Moving on, as this is a horror movie from Argento, it can be expected that there is a certain amount of blood and gore (along with some amusing female nudity).  While it certainly delivers in that department, the effects still look cheap and fake.  Also worth mentioning for how bad it is, the whole production has the look and feel of a made-for-TV drama, in everything from the staging and camerawork to the image quality.  A lot of the sets look like sets, and the CGI background enhancements in some scenes is jarring.  The visual effects are also disappointingly bad.  I already mentioned the blood and gore, but there's also a poorly done effect of bodies turning to ash as well as a laughably bad (but incredibly short) scene where Dracula attacks someone in the form of a (CGI) praying mantis(!).  On that note, in this movie Dracula doesn't just take the form of a bat, but also flies, roaches, wolves(?) and the aforementioned praying mantis.  Finally, even though I saw this in 2D, it was actually made for (and shot in) 3D.  Other than being a marketing gimmick, I can't possibly see how it would have benefited this piece of tripe.  Overall, it's best just to avoid this &#34;so bad it's horrible&#34; movie.  There are much better camp classics, and/or Dario Argento films if you're so inclined.
Kumare is entertaining to a point.  I'd recommend it as a rental, not a purchase, as it won't require repeat viewings, but its worth a look!
This is a story about a bunch of samurai warriors who are about to be past by in time into the modern era. They have their loyalties to different Lords whom they are committed to protect and obey. The problem is one of one of the lords is bad and has terrible things in store for the entire country if he is left in power. One of the lower lords decides to stop him but cannot do it openly. He gets his samurai and some others to plan an attack to assassinate this bad leader. That is the crux of the story and the development of the individual characters is part of the fun. It is subtitled but you won't notice it once the action starts.
A group of soldiers enter GP 506, eventually finding a bloody mess and a corpse... and an axe-wielding man drenched in blood. Sergeant Major Seong-gyu Noh is sent to investigate the events. The Guard Post is a creepy mystery film with a great setting, held back by confusing storytelling.The story is interesting; as a mystery film, it tackles all possibilities from psychopathic to supernatural, and everything in between. There are unexpected twists and turns at every corner to keep you guessing. It all leads up to a tense, well-done ending. The setting is great; an isolated guard post with dark, tight corridors. However, the story is negatively affected by the confusing storytelling. The current events are told concurrently with the past through flashbacks; this can work, but, in this case, the editing isn't smooth and tight enough to keep the audience on track; I think there was even a flashback within a flashback at one point. The point is: you may get lost during this film. Another slightly less negative flaw is the inflated runtime; it often feels empty and uneventful because it is too long. The acting is great, the cinematography is amazing, and I also enjoyed the music (some of it gave off an "Old Boy" vibe).Overall, The Guard Post is a good mystery film. Although it has great acting, cinematography, and music, the film is ultimately held back by its poor storytelling/editing and an inflated runtime. As of 3/11/13, this film is available on Netflix Streaming and Amazon Prime Instant Video, a rental is recommend for fans of the genre.Looking for other similar South Korean films? Try out "R-Point".The Guard Post has strong violence and gore.
I'll be the first person to say that I'm normally not big on musical numbers, so admittedly there is some bias in that department. But even for people who enjoy them, I just don't think they're done terribly well in 'Browsers.' Also, all of the characters fit very tired and cliche' archetypes (stoner, nerd, gay guy, iron lady, etc.). The concept of the show itself isn't that bad, and the way the characters interact is very reminiscent of 'Scrubs,' which was a very good show. Overall I don't like the show mainly because it's weakest point, the musical numbers, also happens to be the only real memorable thing about it. You would think just getting rid of the musical numbers would make the show better, but in actuality, it would just make the show completely forgettable.
2014R: Reasonable flick. Doubt if I'll watch it again.Almost seemed like Samuel L. Jackson was an afterthought - late addition to the film. He certainly did his usual (excellent) thing, but with so little character development it leaves you wondering why/how/what possible psychosis is driving this dude. All of his notable (evil) roles have fully developed character backgrounds. Here, we're basically asked to take his craziness on faith.Could be re-edited to make a better flick. Enjoy MFJLabs 3x
Jack (Rob Corddry) and Vanessa (Leslie Bibb) who is very pregnant with twins moves into a Louisiana haunted house. F'resnel (Keegan Michael Key) lives in their crawl space. Meanwhile there is an umbrella killing happening in the Vatican as two Guido Sarducci wannabes head to New Orleans.The film is a generic spoof of horror films, lacking the good satire we have come to expect from the "Scary Movie" series. Much of the humor is overly slapstick while other humor is just downright stupid. "Hell Baby" is classified as a comedy horror without horror and needing quality comedy. The film had some good lines and a few good scenes, but unfortunately they couldn't maintain it. The police officers in the movie were a lame attempt at humor. The baby doesn't enter the film until it is nearly over and is insignificant to the production.The film will work as a low brow rental.Parental Guide: F-bomb, brief sex, full frontal nudity (Riki Lindhome)
I bought the pilot episode and I wasn't buying the lead's quirks.  The trend now in TV is to find flawed lead characters but this guy just wasn't believable.  The season is a Not Buy but based soley on the pilot episode.
Okay... depends on your taste.
An unusual setting for a show, which could definitely provide an interesting insight into a world most of us know little about. I liked the characters of Rodrigo and Hailey, but found the story slow to get going (making it a standard 22 minute TV length might have worked better). It's also ironic and disappointing that while one Amazon pilot is a sensitive portrayal of a transgender person's difficulty in coming out, two others casually throw around the hate speech term &#34;tranny&#34;.
Rather psychotic story of a car tire becoming a destructive force and sharing this out-of-this-world ability with other rubber rubbish around.It is hard to catch a meaning of this delusive tale if even on fashionable save-the-planet merit.Nice music, good cinematographic skills-nothing to watch and remember afterwards but an brain-rich tire.
You can't take Grey's Anatomy seriously and just have to flow with it, Derek/Meredith should not look so good for two people who have drowned, been shot then crashed in a plane!If you put all that aside the positives are emotional impact that somehow always reaches me on patient-survival-death-love stories, also the fact that they positively represent gay characters to the point now that we do believe their relationships and/or ignore or get bored with them like any other characters on the show.
It's truely unfortunate how quickly this show took a nose-dive after such an excellent first season. This is easily the worst season of Heroes, but to fair this is due to the writer's strike and their best writer from the first season leaving; he returns for the forth season but it's too late to save the show. Having said all that there's still some great progression with the main characters and a fair amount of interesting new characters that works well within season 2. If you're only a casual fan of the show I'd recommend skipping this one, as it doesn't really tie much into the rest of the series aside from a few details, and only purchase the first season, but if you're a pretty big fan then get all of them since there's only four seasons.
Terrence Malick is one of those directors that I don&#8217;t always click with.  I know that he has a very large and supporting group of rabid fans and yet I have yet to be truly mesmerized by him since his debut, &#8216;Badlands&#8217;.  What I have always admired about Malick is that he tries to come at very deep rooted and intellectual subjects from a vantage point of almost complete detachment, allowing us to hover over these subjects without beating us over the head with them.  He&#8217;s focused on war and faith and death and celebrity and in each of these instances, even when I don&#8217;t feel the film worked as a whole, you find this otherworldly atmosphere thanks to Malick&#8217;s thickly laced scope of ideas.I&#8217;ve said this time and time again, but Malick is a director who tends to get in his own way.&#8216;To the Wonder&#8217; is, in my eyes, the most disjointed, distracted and overall uneven film Malick has directed.  While I&#8217;ve grown accustomed to his use of visual imagery and whispered voice over to create his &#8216;point&#8217;, the use of those images and whispers only reduced &#8216;To the Wonder&#8217; to an elongated commercial for Zoloft.The synopsis here is rather simple.  Neil meets the free spirited Marina in Paris, where he sweeps her off her feet and brings her and her daughter back to his home in Oklahoma.  Their relationship starts to crumble almost immediately and soon Marina and her daughter pack up and leave.  In her absence, Neil starts to court Jane, a former flame, only to have Marina crawl back home and convince him to marry her, leaving Jane out to pasture.  Marriage doesn&#8217;t fix the crack in their marriage though, and soon they find themselves at violent odds.  While all of this is happening, the Spanish pastor in their town is, apparently, struggling with his grasp on his own faith.I&#8217;m honestly not sure what Father Quintana has to do with this story, at all (completely reminded me of the useless Sean Penn segment in &#8216;Tree of Life&#8217;), but Javier Bardem was easily the best thing about the movie so I hate to say it should have been removed from the film.  In all honesty, this felt like a really bad editing issue.  Terrence Malick is notorious for chopping his films in half.  There was that controversy over &#8216;The Thin Red Line&#8217; where he actually cut Adrian Brody right out of the film, and he was slated to be THE STAR.  So, it&#8217;s no surprise that Rachel McAdams has like three scenes, but it is disheartening that the Father Quintana storyline feels like a poorly developed subplot.  There is absolutely no flow between these two storylines, despite having Marina briefly confide in Father Quintana about her relationship with Neil (and by &#8216;briefly&#8217; I literally mean for about five seconds).  Instead, these two stories feel ripped from two separate films and so I really feel like there is very important footage that was left on the cutting room floor that could have developed this into a more cohesive story.Or maybe Malick just wrote a story void of those essential bones.I think that is a major issue I take with this.  Even from a purely spiritual or emotional standpoint, &#8216;To the Wonder&#8217; feels vacant.  In dissecting the relationship between Marina and Neil, the film goes nowhere.  Their issues are never explored, their fights are never revealed and their tumultuous relationship is pretty much a repetition of pictures that reduce Marina to an obnoxious woman who prances around and wants to be tickled and Neil to a grump who pouts at the camera or walks out of the room with his eyes cast down at his feet.  There is no meat here, no actual character development and so we can&#8217;t care for them at all.  The spiritual angle of faith feels like an afterthought, since Bardem&#8217;s scenes are sparse and feel like such a tack on I almost couldn&#8217;t take them as part of the same film.Yes, &#8216;To the Wonder&#8217; is beautiful, but it has nothing to say.
HIMYM should have ended their run around season 6. Once Marshall's dad died the season became too serious for it's own good and stopped being a comedy and tried to rely more heavily on the dramedy side of the show - they should have stuck to being more closely related to a sitcom than dramedy. It's a shame this show has been so disappointing because of the all-star cast at their disposal
This is a sword and sandal action movie directed by Paul W.S. Anderson, best known as the director of the first &#8220;Resident Evil&#8221; installment, and other so-so sci-fi themed films like &#8220;Event Horizon.&#8221; As in these films, there is not much originality in &#8220;Pompeii&#8221; as far as his storytelling or characters are concerned, but the film is still entertaining in its own way, with impressive special effects that are the real star of the film.The story is about a young Britannia-born gladiator named Milo (Kit Harington), who is brought to Pompeii, a resort town for the Romans, just before Mount Vesuvius erupts. He falls in love with beautiful Cassia (Emily Browning), daughter of the city&#8217;s ruler Severus (Jared Harris), but an evil Roman Senator Corvus (Kiefer Sutherland) also wants her. And Corvus happens to be the one responsible for the deaths of Milo&#8217;s family.Well, the story is very melodramatic, but anyway &#8220;Pompeii&#8221; delivers what it promises to do, I mean, the visual effects of the erupting volcano destroying the town. Paul W.S. Anderson must have thought the volcano is not enough, so the film also has a few sword fight sequences (pretty good) as well as a tsunami scene. Keep in mind that we are not watching a documentary.Still, lack of chemistry between the two stars is too visible to ignore. In fact, Milo&#8217;s friendship with his rival gladiator Atticus (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje) is more interesting than the romantic story of the film. &#8220;Pompeii&#8221; is not as bad as you may be led to believe, but the film, I think, could have been much better with a script that knows what story it really should tell.
I cannot believe I watched it to the end. Every once in awhile I would think well, something should come now...but it never did. Horrible, Horrible movie.
I thought this movie was pretty good.  You really cant go wrong with inbreed cannibal zombies.  It is hard to wreck the story if you are using them.  That being said, there are things in this movie that are more disgusting then the zombies being shot and people being eaten.  I am talking about people making lemonade and stirring the stuff with their hands.  I mean seriously, when you watch it and you will you will wonder the same thing.  It was actually more disturbing then the zombies eating people and zombies being shot.  It actually made me a little sick!  Regardless, good movie, decent acting, decent camera shots.  All in all a pretty solid 3.  Lots of cgi but it wasnt horrible.
This show is  a joke. The aliens are pathetic. They're all human like bipeds with nothing more than different coloring.No real alien will look anything like humans. Ask any scientist. Even worse, all the so called aliens act exactly like human beings do as well. Horrid attempt at sci-fi. Horrid writing, Horrid acting. Horrid scenery. Just plain Horrid.
Fun, enjoyable, nice plot evolution, but there is no way for the show to escape being cheesy.  No lawyer nontheless one working in a low income clinic wears 4 inch heels. Come on! On the other hand, I have to admit, I turn this show on in no small measure becasue of Arrow and his mahvelous physique. But he is supposed to be fit. A hard working attorney is not likely to wear a size 2 dress and 4 inch heels.
I watched the first episode and that was enough.  Be warned there are some spoilers so don't read on if you want to watch.If you want to watch intelligent drama this isn't it.  They find out that it isn't airborne so they take their head gear off.  I wouldn't be so fast to do so since what if it's through skin contact or ingestion?  They wander around without head gear and come across a Monkey  loose in a room.  Wouldn't you think the Monkey might be infected?  They try to catch it and I love Monkeys as much as the next person but the lady practically lip locks the thing.  I could go on but you get the point.  I won't be watching any more of this.
Could not figure out what the story line was. Movie hopped around the lives of several different women and different time lines. I could not follow it and turned it and off after about 30 minutes.
took too long to get into the story line. kept wanting to just shut it off.  by the end it was okay. I don't recommend it.
Whoever thought two valley girl/ghetto types would ever be saving the world demons conjured from hell? I sure didn't and it's quite a different that I found funny while watching this pilot. I hope to see what happens next with this demon running for Mayor!
Murders are committed for love, money, hatred, justice or revenge -- but not usually as an intellectual exercise. Yet &Aacute;lex de la Iglesia approaches such a string of deaths in "The Oxford Murders," adapted from mathematician Guillermo Martinez's novel. Elijah Wood and William Hurt have magnificent chemistry and give excellent performances, but the script has a lot of flab.Martin (Wood) is a young American student at Oxford who is writing his thesis; he hopes to have the famous mathematician Arthur Seldom (John Hurt) advise him... only to have his hopes dashed.But when Seldom visits the house where he is boarding, the two men find Martin's landlady dead -- and while at first it appears to be natural causes, the police discover that she was murdered. And when Seldom reveals that he was sent a strange message warning him about the murder, he and Martin begin speculating that they're dealing with an "intellectual serial killer."At the same time, Martin finds himself in an odd love triangle between his landlady's neurotic daughter (Julie Cox) and a sexy Spanish nurse (Leonor Watling). But his mind is fixed on unraveling the pattern that may lead him and Seldom to the murderer -- and the greatest puzzle is one that no one may be able to figure out.Pythagorus, the principle of uncertainty, sequential math and mathematical order versus chaos. "The Oxford Murders" feels a bit like a mathematical episode of "Masterpiece Theatre" -- vast venerable colleges, the tangled motives, and some seemingly impossible murders.And the idea of murder warnings based on sequential mathematics is a fascinating one...... which becomes a problem, because we end up with endless, pompous discussions about truth, reality and philosophy. Eventually you just want to scream at Seldom, "Get off your butt and go detect!"&Aacute;lex de la Iglesia cloaks the movie in pale light and a bleak greyness broken by brief spatters of color, and occasionally drops in some more explosive scenes (a rather clever incident involving two buses). Unfortunately, the plot has quite a bit of flab -- Martin's romance with Lorna doesn't really add anything to the plot except a sex scene involving pasta, and his demented classmate doesn't add much more.But there is a saving grace. Wood and Hurt are absolutely magnificent together as the yin and yang of this investigation -- one is an idealistic, somewhat naive young student, and the other is an embittered, icy old man who apparently takes a weird delight in stirring others up. Cox is a crazy-eyed mass of nerves, and Watlin is just... there. And for some reason both of them are instantly ravenous for Wood."The Oxford Murders" is one part murder mystery, one part mathematics, and one part deadly boring philosophical debate that screeches the plot to a halt. A flawed movie with some fascinating, glittering facets.
The concept is ok but the writing needs to improve. I don't mind an occasional F bomb but they were dropping like operation RollingThunder and they were not believable,, No one cusses like that!! Sounded like it was written by a non native speaker trying out the dirty words that they have just learned.  And what mother would... after catching their son being Master of their Own Domain start talking about THEIR usage of adult toys!! Come on guys, you can do better!!!
I think this has a lot of potential, but the extremely rough pilot didn't help. Kids lost interest quickly. I think they would really like it fully finished. I hope it gets the chance. Other than Einsteins back in the day I don't knwo another show that talks art like this one.
This will depend on your alcohol tolerance, so adjust from the base line (up) if you are a drunk. First, if you are a non to light drinker, drink one-half of a fifth of some cheap whiskey. Wait 30 minutes. Now, stand up and spin around in a circle 40 times. Without taking a break, drive to Wallmart and run up and down the isles. That is what you feel like if you watch this disorienting movie. You should also remember that VHS video looks like crap nowadays, so don't expect too much from that aspect either. Don't pay $10 to see this early, if you feel like you have to see it, wait till its about $1.99 to rent so you won't feel robbed when you turn it off after 30 minutes.
It was entertaining, and yes having lived in Southern Ohio for a while after moving their from a city out west, yes there are people like this everywhere in the country.  These people are horrid, but their story is interesting.  It is a depiction of poverty, and people living in coal country that live off the government SSI systems due to their mental illness.  They are crazy, take drugs, their children are hooligans, some are in jail/prison.  You just can't look away from this train wreck.  It reminded me of the show Justified, but this is reality for these people.
I love Judy Dench. I pretty much like period pieces. So I was really surprised to be bored to tears. It was just hokey. The dialog was stiff. Maybe it got better a little further into it but at about 20 minutes, I gave up and turned it off.
its ok. good to have on in the background while doing something productive, if nothing else can be found. It has some slightly interesting stories. Sometimes gets convoluted.But it does make me wonder if everyone in the UK is a whiney little cry baby. I think in season 3, there was a scene where someone is about to die so everyone cries for like 5 minutes, & then the person dies & they all cry for 5 more minutes, then the ghost hangs out with them all & they all cry for another 5 minutes, then the ghost goes away into eternityland & everyone cries for another 5 minutes. & this isn't the first time a bunch of people sat  around a cried their eyes out in the series (more like every other 5 minutes someone starts crying for 5 minnutes).
The characters except for the adolescents are largely unlikable , the pace. Is glacial And the mcguffin is not too interesting. The villain is so transparent I wouldn't believe him at all except he seems to be acting like a typical member of Congress- so Big Jim at least is something
I thought I would give the movie a chance, knowing that some movies can start off slow. After 15 minutes I had to give up. I was not impressed with any of the acting in this film. Take heed and pass this one by, it was not well made or any good acting in it.
By third season I think that I was just along for the ride, Heroes always &#34;looked&#34; good but always fell short of its potential, at least this one rises above what Season Two was turning itself into. If you like scifi / fantasy you can find some good bits here, but the &#34;bargain bin&#34; might still be the way to go. My set advertises &#34;over 20 hours of bonus features&#34;- that would be the best reason to watch this season ( and even that doesn't explain dropping so many second season characters like Claire's flying boyfriend).
I loved this show when Bones was a strong woman scientist but as time has gone by, her professionalism has been reduced to an emotional flaw that must be guided by an emotionally superior man.  No longer enjoy watching this.
I definitely thought this show had potential, good actors with good perfomances, and a pretty good plot all told. word.
I went into this movie with no expectations and was pleasantly surprised. The acting was good enough, and the writing had some twists that kept it fresh. I'm not shouting from the rooftops about this movie, but I definitely liked it enough to watch it twice, and that is saying something!
A next story of schooling where teens look and act maturer than their teachers while teachers live their lives of hated each other, being cheated by closed and enjoying sex as much as their pupils.Very nice music!
Everybody loves &#34;Walking Dead&#34;.  Great production values.  Tremendous acting for SF/horror series.I especially enjoy Glenn and Maggie - a great couple.  Guess the premise got a little tired for me this season.
I saw this movie in theaters for two reasons: 1. I'm a huge baseball fan; and 2. I watch Med Men (i.e. the Jon Hamm factor).  Even after 20 or so minutes, when I knew exactly what this movie would be, I still really, really wanted to like it.  Unfortunately, this one is schmaltzy &#34;Disney&#34; through and through.For a basic plot summary, &#34;Million Dollar Arm&#34; tells the story of how sports agent J.B. Bernstein (Hamm) starts a competition called Million Dollar Arm in order to find a major league baseball player from the relatively untapped market of India.  The two athletes he finds, Rinku (Suraj Sharma) and Dinesh (Madhur Mittal), are in for quite a culture shock as they travel to America for the first time and have to essentially learn baseball from scratch.First of, let me be clear in that I'm not attaching a star-ranking to the overall story here.  It is truly a fascinating and inspiring tale for baseball fans and human-interest fans alike.As a movie, though, &#34;Million Dollar Arm&#34; falls far short of being great.  The main problem?  It doesn't have a clear focus, so it tries to do too much and doesn't really nail anything.  This could have been a hard-core baseball fan movie.  It could have been a love story.  It could have been a redemption story.  It could have been a new culture assimilation piece.  Had the filmmakers looked at the story through just one of those three scopes (and just bolstered it with shades of the others), it would really have worked.Unfortunately, director Craig Gillespie (or maybe the Disney producers) tries to cram every single theme possible into one movie.  It really feels like the old &#34;throw the kitchen sink at 'em&#34; method in terms of trying to evoke every possible emotion from the audience.  I realize that this movie is supposed to have a broad, family-based appeal, but but focusing on everything the producers ended up focusing on nothing.The two biggest wastes in this movie?  1. Hamm, a terrific actor who plays as transparent of a character as one can see onscreen; and 2. The fact that hard-core baseball fans like myself will not enjoy the baseball aspects of this movie.  It is made for the family set first and foremost.Thus, though I wanted very badly to enjoy this movie and all the right pieces existed for that to happen, they just didn't come together.  The &#34;Indian culture&#34; angle was interesting, but not nearly as compelling as, say, &#34;Slumdog Millionaire&#34;, and recently baseball-themed movies like &#34;Trouble with the Curve&#34; and &#34;Moneyball&#34; will appeal much more to the die-hards.Take your whole family to this one (it is appropriate to do so), but don't expect to be blown away.
This is the first season of survivor my GF and I have ever watched, so we actually wanted to give the show five enthusiastic stars because survivor rocks. Now that we have seen some of the other classic, more widely beloved seasons we think that three stars is a better review of Nicaragua. I don't want to give away spoilers but some of the contestants don't seem like they really want to be there, the strategy is pretty pathetic for survivor standards, and the weather is rainy for pretty much the whole season which doesn't bother me on my couch too much but it was pretty draining for the contestants.
How can they rename a movie and then say it is being released before in theaters!  That is really a rip off.  That is so insulting, this movie was made in 2009 and is not being released in theaters. We are being played for money!  They should be more honest with us the renters and viewers. I am seriouisly offended, because I have spent a lot of money on Amazon rentals and purchases and trusted them.
Alex and his fellow film school friends receive a mysterious video link that suggests the frightening images from the GRAVE ENCOUNTERS film may have been for real. The group gathers their cameras and heads out to the old insane asylum where the film was originally shot to investigate, only to fall victim to the same insatiable spirits! GRAVE ENCOUNTERS 2 shares all of the first film's weaknesses without finding any of its strengths. At first, it seems like the makers may be parodying the "found-footage" genre just as they had done with the popular ghost hunting TV shows from before. By the end of the the first act, however, we come to the frightening realization that the atrocious acting, idiotic characters, and recycled plot points are all being taken seriously. The story borrows generously from Dave Parker's THE HILLS RUN RED with a touch of PARANORMAL ACTIVITY as John Poliquin and the Vicious Brothers prove to us that they have nothing new to bring to the table in this second installment. The same cheap effects and obnoxious scare tactics are employed once more, but what is the point of using the "found-footage" format when the images on screen are exaggerated to such an extreme? It then becomes impossible to accept any of the footage as being "authentic," thereby destroying the illusion and rendering the film a complete failure. A little subtlety goes a long way, which is a lesson that the makers of GRAVE ENCOUNTERS have yet to learn.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
"You're just impatient! Ti West is a master at creating atmosphere! If you didn't like this movie, I'm sure Joel Schumacher will make a loud, angry horror movie one of these days! This is for TRUE fans of horror!"These are just a few of the retorts you hear from fans when you complain about West's slow-burn spookiness. I will grant, as others have done, that West does excellent work with a camera -- he frames and tracks some really sumptuous shots -- but atmosphere is no substitute for a story. I don't watch movies for atmosphere. That's why I buy lounge music, or candles, or fake cobwebs in October. If atmosphere is all a movie has going for it, then it's no better than one of those looped images of flickering fireplaces you can pop on the TV during Christmas.So what about the story? Isn't it scary? Nope. Two twenty-somethings -- Claire and Luke -- are the only staff members at the soon-to-close Yankee Pedlar Inn. With cheeky self-consciousness, they spend their many hours of free time searching the old hotel for one of the ghosts that is said to reside there. It's a fairly standard ghost story trope, and the addition of a psychic who has "reverse deja vu" does little to twist the story into something intriguing or new. There is, essentially, no story, which was a similar flaw in the nearly identical West film, The House of the Devil (girl left alone for a long time, strange goings-on, some people are not who they claim to be, incredibly slow atmospheric build to a cheap-show ten minute conclusion of sloppily written "chills").So the story sucks. Movies can still succeed by virtue of the characters alone, even if the plot is confusing or sloppy. Unfortunately, Luke and Claire, while well-acted and realistic enough, are not interesting characters. They speak with the kind of canned dialogue that screenwriters pen when they aren't sure what's supposed to happen next in the film. Sara Paxton tries desperately to make Claire appear as cute as she can in every scene; she looks like she took acting lessons from a newborn puppy. On the very, very few moments when the movie lets the viewers glimpse something creepy, the effect is numbed by Claire's mopey mugging.I'm certain it's meant to be funny, as it is often accompanied by hokey sitcom music. West seems to be as confused by comedy as he is by horror, though. The movie thinks things are funny -- a girl in her underwear runs by a small boy! it takes Claire five minutes to take out the trash! the coffee girl is socially awkward! -- but even if they were, they contribute nothing to the story or the characters. All in all, it's like watching two boring people making a movie about themselves being boring. Dull characters who are authentically acted are still dull.West obviously has an eye for making movies but not for telling stories. He tries too hard to be subtle and artistic. An excellent example is the final shot of the film. My friends did not understand why the camera held for so long on the final shot, but I saw what all of them missed. I won't tell you what it is, but I will say this: if you don't know it's there, it's almost impossible to see it. I only noticed the subtle little parting shot that West included in the scene because I read a review, like this one, telling me to look for it. And that's the thing: if your artistry is so subtle, so careful, so minute as to escape the notice of nearly every single viewer of your film, then maybe you're focused too much on the background stuff (like West's highly touted skill at creating atmosphere) and not enough on the actual meat of your movie (characters, story, conflict).Dialogue that treads water. Dull and annoying characters. Almost no story to speak of. Cliched plot. More than your average number of fake scares (I counted three before the first fifteen minutes). Unsatisfying climax and conclusion.
There really doesn't seem to be enough "meat" on this movie to generate much viewer excitement. To the contrary, it is by-and-large a humdrum production, and its main claim to fame may be that the plot is morbidly depressing. Difficult to say why the "Doctor" in the story was give such a bad haircut--which was truly distracting. All-in-all, this film would have done better as an okay "made for TV" film.
The characters are clich&eacute; the acting is sub par, the script needs work and do we really need another musical that no one will watch. Does anyone remember the cop musical, how about the musical that revolved around a small casino outside of Las Vegas. Even Smash, a very well done musical about musicals is being canceled. Only Glee has any staying power and that's because of its pre-pubescent fan base.
I found this movie just an okay movie because they all (the husband, the wife, and the mistress) all get robbed while heis trying to get away to Paris with his mistress..I guess this movie was suppose to be a comedy, however I did not see it that way.Its just your typical husband wants to leave wife because he's found someone else,but she does not want to turn him loose.  There is a terrible twist at the end of this movie,as the Husband who stayed with his wife are leaving town and he happens to pass by two of thefour people that held all three of them  captive.  I didn't know if this was a drama or a comedy.  I sincerely doubtI will ever watch this movie again because it was a really weird movie.  His mistress leaves and he stays with his wife andhas a baby together.
...and then just sort of wound down into predictability. From the previous reviews, I expected more. Story of my life.
these women never discover anything. they 'sense' things that have been in the news for months at one time. even tho they've faded from public view, they never really come up with any enlightenment.
I love Gere in almost everything he has ever done, this would be my exception.I found this movie very confusing and boring.  There is too much going on and too many sub-plots.Tim Roth was annoying as the dogged detective.My favorite character is the young black man, played by Nate Parker,  who helps Gere; he had the only part I believed.Susan Sarandon was almost invisible; if she spoke 10 lines throughout that was a lot.  And she's such a good actress.Brit Marling, playing the daughter, was an Ivanka Trump wannabe without the intelligence, beauty and sense of style and humor.  Bad choice.I would be astounded if Gere got an Oscar nom for this as people who are interviewing him are all saying.  He seems humble and probably knowsbest that this was no stellar performance of his.Don't waste your money, as I did.
"You don't know what you are, but you will." After refusing to kill an innocent boy, Steinar (Bewley) is passed over for king for his brother. When he turns out to not be a good leader the kingdom begins to lose order. The people of the kingdom look to Steiner to help them. He sets out looking for his brother Hakan who everyone thinks can restore order. Along the way Steinar begins to change and becomes the man his father was hoping for. I have never really been a big fan of the 300 type movies. I'm not sure why but the whole mid-evil genre just doesn't do it for me. That said, this movie wasn't really that bad and is worth seeing but when there is no action going on the movie really begins to slow down and I start to lose interest. There is enough action to keep you watching though, but the movie really starts to feel flat about a half hour in and never really picks itself back up. Fans of this genre may like this but I thought it was just a little too slow to stay fully interested in. Overall, another 300 rip off that feels flat. I give it a C+.
This show has a lot of potential, but would be better as a straight comedy and not a musical. While the young people had decent voices,Bebe Neuworth should never be allowed to sing.
Some of the character portrayals were just a bit to programmedseems to be getting betterreminded me much of the Lost Fleet types so might fit your style
Not much to say about this one because it's about as generic as cop shows can get. Nothing stands out. The case isn't that intriguing, Bosch is yet another surly detective who might be an anti-hero. I'm just not sure what it has that will separate it from the countless cop shows already littering the airwaves and internet.Because of the talent connected to it, I could see a mini-series or short series order for this. It's not bad; it's just generic.
Wow, nothing worse than watching family members fight and fight and fight.  That is all this show is about.  I could just spend time with my family and have a lot more fun.
With a solid comic ensemble including Jenna Fischer, Chris Messina, Topher Grace, and Malin Ackerman, I was prepared to be swept up in the contemporary romance of "The Giant Mechanical Man." Fischer's charms are on evident display here, she nails the every woman quality that makes her so inherently likable. And Messina steps into a leading role with ease, even though his "art form" of dressing in silver paint as a stilted street performer never rings true. As I've seen dozens of these acts, Messina lacks the technical sharpness to be so smug in his skills and contribution to the art world. Of course, this being a thoughtful indie--these two attractive and winning actors represent the lonely and disconnected among us. "The Giant Mechanical Man" becomes, thus, a very familiar movie in both its themes and plotting. I even have a nickname for these films, I have truly seen them so many times (and more often than not, they are meaningful low-budget indies). This is what I call a Lonelyhearts films where people who are attractive, intelligent, and appealing somehow manage to live depressive lives yearning for a soul mate.A certain heavy handedness is apparent in the character introductions. Fischer is such a hard case, she gets berated and set-up by her overbearing sister (Ackerman, lacking any form of subtlety). One such hook-up is with Grace (in a terrible wig) as a creepy and unrealistic self-help guru whose bluster masks his own visible insecurities. And Messina is dumped by a girlfriend who doesn't understand his commitment to his art (never mind that he doesn't support her and goes out of his way to embarrass her at a work function). The two wander the city, dine alone, and stare purposefully into space while moody music plays. These are all the cues you need to realize that these thirtysomethings are deeply unhappy. As movie fate would have it, the two both search the newspaper help wanted ads (no computers in the city?) and get different, but instantaneous, jobs at the local zoo. They are, of course, drawn to one another. Fischer, by the way, is also fascinated by Messina's silver alter ego whom she has opened up to in a moment of vulnerability (she doesn't know it's him. Even when she goes to his mostly empty apartment, she must not notice the work table with all the makeup).As expected, there is nothing really keeping these two apart but the screenplay builds in some manufactured obstacles. There are moments of amusement, but things unfold at a very leisurely pace. What do you think is going to happen? Will these two get together? Are nights of depression a thing of the past? I won't spoil anything, but I suspect you already know the answers. But without digging too deeply, the movie ends just as it arrives at its most pivotal moment. As I said, I like both Messina and Fischer. I just wish that I hadn't felt like I'd seen this movie at least a dozen different times in the past. Watching indie films, you'd think every city-dweller is isolated and unhappy just looking for love to complete them. It's a stereotype that is becoming a bit tired (especially when cast with actors that would seem to have everything going for them). Bonus points, though, Fischer finds a small screaming toy figurine. I own the exact little figure! It comes from the aptly titled Horrified B-Movie Victims Set from Accoutrements. About 3 1/2 stars. KGHarris, 10/12.
The good:Good acting. Good effects. Filming (angles, cuts, color) and audio were well done. A novel twist to a possessed individual with telekinetic skills. Outcomes a bit disturbing as in who dies and the manner of death. The ending left me a bit surprised with a few thoughtful questions.The bad:Unexplained how the she came into her skills; why the parents and other children's behavior would change so dramatically. The usual hook of flying, falling, moving objects has been overdone in this genre. Don't spirits and/or such powers have better uses/things to do?
There's no there there. The film takes a long time going nowhere. Olivia Wilde is a fine actress but she's wasted here. Seems to be the product of our current culture--mindless superficial in many ways.
It will be interesting to see where this show goes and how this family will cope with it's move. I will watch more.
113 people on Amazon rate this show a 5 star,.. people PLEASE !This show is so lame,.. I can't believe it is not on Prime.I am sorry I even paid for one season.Pathetic !
Brit show with several downtown abbey regulars in cast.  Ok for middle of night insomnia.  Fred ward should have been a bigger star.
I've been an avid fan of the BBC show Being Human for several years now. I love it, love the actors and acting and feel it is a great show. It was with some trepidation that I finally decided to watch the U.S. version. Needless to say I was underwhelmed. I already think it's weird and more than a little creepy that apparently there is so little original material floating around on TV and at the movies that anything that reeks of any success is snatched up and copied over and over again ad nauseum. I hate the word "reboot" for anything but computers and this TV show, which I dub a complete ripoff is no exception.Yes, they don't exactly copy the BBC version but there's still plenty of similar enough plot lines for me to wonder about the ethics of whoever is writing the show. Can't come up with something original? Fine, watch the U.K. version then alter the plot lines a bit, rename the characters and call it a brand-new endeavor. Riiight. And part of what I love about the U.K. version is that the people actually look like real people, men and women that I know and would actually talk to--even the pretty and handsome ones. In short, they're real people and I love that since it gives the show an added depth of reality that keeps one believing in the plot no matter how outlandish it gets. The US. version however again gives us Ken and Barbie Doll perfection with people who look like mannequins grabbed off a runway from Paris or Italy. Honestly they could slap those same characters into an episode of Beverly Hills 90210 or The OC or Dawson's Creek and no one would even notice the difference. Whereas if George, Nina, Annie, Tom or Mitchell found themselves on one of those shows the first words out their mouths would likely be, "Bloody hell, what's all this nonsense? Do you people even know how to hoover let alone stake a vampire who's trying to kill your mates?"Where the U.K. version actually manages to say something intelligent about the human condition in all its facets and at the same time pack in some very funny, touching clever little moments the U.S. version is just another pale bloodless version of pretty people with problems--or in this case pretty supernatural people with problems. And that's never been done before now has it. (Sarcasm intended)
This was a pretty good pilot episode.  I liked it, but I'm not dying to see the second episode.  One thing it has going for it is that this is definitely an original idea for a series.  I have never seen anything set in the world of the symphony before and it is interesting.  The episode was fairly well written with good performances, but it was not incredibly entertaining.  A lot of set up, but that is what pilots are for, I guess.  However, I watched two other amazon pilots and they both grabbed me right away.  Basically, it's worth a watch but it's not going to knock your socks off.
I have to say that based on the pilot episode this show is just not one for me.  I am usually a fan of this genre and have been known to enjoy shows that border on the high end of the cheese scale, but even for me this was one step too farThe initial episode was confusing, and, for me, badly put together.  The decision to set the first 5 minutes the way they were left me feeling like I had missed an episode (I checked and I have not).  The acting was pretty woeful, and what was being branded as suspense just seemed sillyPerhaps this show improved with further episodes.  I don't know if thats the case or not, but I will not be giving it another chance
Dont waste your time with this one.  I kept waiting for the thing to get better....to give us a hint on whats going on .....whats causing all of the turmoil.  And then at the very end of the first episode, you more or less are given a big hint....disappointing.
I always like to watch movies with Judy Dench. The part she played in this film, however, didn't seem to be something I thought did justice to her acting abilities. I didn't care for Cranford so I didn't watch much of it.
When the series first started the Characters were great and the plot was really good. After the Bar owners death it kinda went down hill. The first priest fell in love with the Bar Owner and after her death he left. He was replaced by another priest who came from a monastery. This priest had a wild side sister who also live in Ballykissangel. During the first part of the series, the Constable's Wife fell in love with a former resident who's family wasn't liked very much. On the day the Constable's Wife was going to tell him she loved another man, the Constable died after rescuing a stranded couple who was caught by an in coming tied. I think the Constable knew what was up with his wife and went to the Cliff's near the ocean to kill himself. I also think he killed himself after the rescue. There are several Characters who stayed through the entire series. I must say they were really good. Over all I would watch this series again or recommend it.
"When Mr. Murase and I were in prison together we made a pact over sak&eacute;." After the head of a Yakuza family learns of his henchman's betrayal to a drug dealing family he starts a war that changes everything. This is a very good movie that is equal parts tense, bloody and dramatic. The only problem is that the flow seems off. Going from scenes of murder and finger cutting to long sequences of nothing happening makes it hard to get fully engrossed. On the other hand it is also a movie that forces you to keep watching in order to find out which family will ultimately win out. I did enjoy this but this is not a movie for everyone. A movie with no real good guy and leaves you watching not sure who to root for. I like movies like that. Overall, a good but slow movie that is almost an updated Japanese Godfather. I give it a B.
Slightly annoying...the typical stuff you would expect from this kind of genre. I wish nickelodeon would put out more original shows.
My initial review was favorable (it's below this new post) and hope full, however, the special interests are going to ruin it for me. It seems each new series MUST have the following stereotypes, or it doesn't get made:1. A strong intelligent black man. It doesn't matter if it is appropriate to the story, they MUST be there. In this case, Renfield is a large educated black man.2. A strong independant woman. It doesn't matter, again, if it is appropriate to the times or story, this character must be there. It's even better if she is black too. Here, we have a female physician.3. The sweet, misunderstood, gay. The following rules again apply regardless to the story or the time. This character is wise and is always kind and sympathy inducing.Now, understand, I am not speaking against these groups. It's just that forcing them into every damn show takes away from the time the ACTUAL STORY could be told. I would love to just see Dracula, Van Helsing, etc. battle the bad guys. Instead, time is taken to develop these stereotypes, time taken away from the tale. The special interests are ruining so many shows, trying to sway your opinions. It just pisses me off, lol. I don't like pointless sex of any kind in the story either, straight or gay.As far as gays, I don't care if you're gay. I don't care what you do behind closed doors in the privacy of your own whatever. I don't mind at all. I do, however, mind if your in my living room trying to tell my kids that "gay is OK". Kids have a hard enough time without these issues, and it CONFUSES THEM. I'm sure I will be blasted by people who neither fully read or try to understand what I am saying. The ones that just do knee jerk reactions to the mere mention of the issues. Ah well.++There is almost no subject quite as "done to death" as Dracula and vampires. When I heard there was going to be a Dracula series on TV I literally rolled my eyes. At 54 years of age I have read the book, seen countless versions of Dracula movies, and, quite frankly, i was certain that this would be a tired remake of the legend, doomed to quickly fail.I was wrong. The show starts of with a great pace and becomes immediately fascinating. I rated it as four stars because I was uneasy about a few elements (including the actor in the main role), but I will either raise or lower my rating as the season progresses. On with the show!
I watched the first episode and kept waiting for the good guys, i.e. ordinary citizens fighting a world taken over by corporations, to win. It quickly became clear that ordinary people were the BAD GUYS in a world run for and by corporations. I guess if they produce enough of these, impressionable children will think that is a good thing. Adults not so much. They own the media I won't add my hard earned entertainment dollar to support this propaganda.
So much has been said of this show already.  Let's get to the point:Half the cast is great.  Half the cast is too green, inexperienced, and frankly young.  No one will believe that SHIELD agents should look like the rejected cast of Friends.  The show makers do not take the organization seriously.  SHIELD, instead of being a hardened group of super agents, is a gaggle of barely legal noobs.The show burdens us with forced humor, corny dialogue, and uninteresting scenes.There are no superheroes or supervillains taken advantage of.  Instead of mining the rich depths of Marvel lore, they hand us a brainfart of a hero who jumps out of a burning building and SHOCKS everyone.  Shocks everyone!?!  Really!?!  In world where aliens just invaded!?!  Where a Norse GOD just said hello!?!  Where Iron Man flies around?  Where the INCREDIBLE HULK just saved everyone's lives!?!The atmosphere of the show is one akin to the old A-Team series.  Violence with no consequences.  Boring or lame characters introduced each show.  Obviously manufactured storylines.  There is no atmosphere of foreboding, mystery, awe, or fear.  Which, to me, seems integral to the success of a show trying to display mankind's reaction to the burgeoning supervillain-and-monster-infested reality we all find ourselves living in.What a flop.  Avoid at all costs.  It does not take the Marvel Universe seriously.  It adds nothing.  Instead of presenting SHIELD as an investigative, subterfuge-filled, espionage-oriented, and artifact retrieval unit struggling to even the odds for mankind, this show gives us a flaccid comedic parody of the deadly serious organization from the comics.Stan Lee help us.
This is an OK series, but there will never be another Kyra Sedywick.  Without Kyra there just isn't the fireworks in the series that I have enjoyed for the past 7 years.  I wish the crew only the best - but I miss Kyra greatly.
Could be a great show if not for tons of bad acting. Otherwise, the plot is interesting and the show did grab my attention from the very beginning.
Might have been fun for them to make, but I couldn't sit through more than 15 minutes of it. Indie bad.
Not quite sure if I am ready for another football series with a wife as the owner, a Quarterback no one else wants, a football team that is on the brink of disaster. I live football but not this much.The new owner, Natalie Zea seems to be the epitome of the cheerleader who married the GM, head full of not too much. She makes the towel boy the new GM and finds new 'costumes' for the boys on the team. The NFL makes fun if her, the Fox Network boys make fun of her, and she is out to prove them wrong. I can see this lasting a few episodes with ups and downs, but doubt it can carry a full year.Prisrob 02-08-14
The announcer is a little annoying. I feel like I'm watching an hour long commercial. and the facts are sensationalized and exaggerated.
If you're going to parody American horror films there are only three requirements: be funny, cover a variety of situations, and keep the pace up.  This mostly fails on every count.  The "audience" gorging themselves on poison is too literal.  The main characters are far too bland.  Insomniacs should buy it: watching this tire roll is very sleep-inducing.
This show should have been ONE Season only. The writing has become stupid whereas the producers think the public is gulable. For instance, they try to add drama to the scene when they have caught a gator and the hunter puts his hand into the water to pull up the rope. It is supposed to make you uneasy since a gator could bite him. Yet the camera is below his hand (in the water) shooting up.When they are wrestling with the caught gator, the people on the boat are yelling out different things to each other, such as:&#34;Watch him!&#34; OR &#34;Shoot him!&#34; OR &#34;Oh...he's a big one!&#34;. But when you watch these people, their mouths are NEVER moving. It's as if these comments are added in later for effect.Personally, I root for the gator.
The concept of the show...that the doctor has to compromise her principles by doing jobs for the mob to protect her brother just didn't work.  I can't imagine week after week is not my cup of tea.
Dialogue & acting - dialogue is changed from 1st century Italian into 18th century old English by Hollywood. A common dialogue found in many of their period movies no matter what century or country. Acting was daytime soap TV level.Characters - noncreative, plug and play characters e.g. gladiators (one black), soon to become friends with main character (done before); his counterpart sees his parents die at Roman hands and is now old enough for revenge (done before); evil Romans acting badly; aristocratic pretty daughter (still has 21st century make up, eye liner, etc.) falls for  gladiator (of course).Action scenes -  good gladiators defeat dozens of Romans as brunch (I was waiting for one hand tied behind the back and blindfolded but the writers copped out). Not realistic.CGI - flashes of CGI volcano every 5 to 10 minutes to remind us of what the movie is about. Familiar scenes of water rushing over the city - already used in many tsunami movies. Looked like the same wave used in several recent Indian Ocean tsunami films, but not as well done as say in "The Impossible". Comical volcano Roman Candle fireworks fireballs.
A young married couple struggling financially find a magic teapot that spits out free money under very specific circumstances.  Like most things in life, it is subject to the law of diminishing returns.  They consider doing more drastic and destructive things just to keep the money flowing.  Just how far will they go and will they be able to stop?  These questions make it moderately funny and interesting.
he is a strong serious actor..... look at his role in the closer.....she is cast as superwoman.....  but she is tooooo cutethe computer guy is simply toooo wierd.......
Being a horror movie lover and a 3D lover I'm not gonna be to tough on this film.The 3D was decent with a few pop-outs.Terrible acting by the guy who played Dracula was this movies major flaw.Why Rutguer was Van Helsing and not Dracula was just plain dumb!! Anyway a ok horror movie with ok 3D and a good price so 3d lovers/horror lover might want to take a chance.
Many crumbs are bring dropped but maybe the long  break has effected the show some what?  You know the infamous &#34; Sopranos&#34; effect? Everything is internal except for everyone's favorite side kick Jesse Pinkman.
or so this documentary will tell you. I have enjoyed all of the Charlton Heston movies I have seen. One of my top 5 favorites is THE GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH, his first major movie. Even the off-beat movies like WILL PENNY, were entertaining. The man had a mind of his own - unusual in Hollywood: particularly at his rise to fame.
A bit over-acted and convoluted.  If my neurology professor gave such emotional and histrionic lectures on neuroscience, he would never make tenure.  Nice for public consumption with a little reference to anatomy but not really genuinely elucidating and certainly not as profound as the makers of this program would like you to think.
Figure skating always bored me to tears.  Then along came Tonya Harding and her band of hooligans and sweet mother have mercy....Solid doc that held my interest.  It's not a particularly original approach to this sort of filmmaking.  There's lots of talking heads and the story line is essentially linear.  But who cares???  When a story is this fascinating you don't have to use parlor tricks to hold my attention!  I didn't know all the details as I've never been much of a tabloid reader, nor did I ever really stop to consider how strange the sport of figure skating really is.  All in all, it was  fascinating film from start to finish and my wife and were both left scratching our heads and disagreeing with each other about Tonya's indictment.  Definitely worth my 3 bucks.
Too many sharks jumped in first three episodes
This is unbelievably bad - even if you get it free, it is not worth wasting your time. I don't need to go into specifics, I think that's been covered in previous reviews. I can't believe something this awful was even made.
It was constantly buffering and took forever to load.  So disappointing.  You have a lot of good HBO shows available now but there are so many issues with the buffering.
Cast is more likable than many of the first batch of Amazon pilots. Given time for the cast and crew to gel and determine a solid direction this could be a good show.
I like the Parking Wars series but the amazon video is just not as high quality as what I watch on Netflix.
Don't really like the underlying tones of drug references and bullying. Not exactly how I think the pilot episode should be made. Seems in the opening since there is a kid selling candy to other kids and a bigger kid comes and tells him that her needs to get off his turf. Then pours milk in his bag of candy. Then they proceed to show the bully making bath tub candy. I don't think this was well thought out. And I immediately turned it off for these reasons. You will be amazed what kids pick up on. (Typed but not read)
This show has some amazing comedy in there. But true to the Onion's comedy it is hit or miss. I feel like it would work a little better if they had some serious sides to characters, or a single character that has common sense and anchors the rest of the cast (like Arrested Development).But having everything being ridiculous throughout throws the show out of balance. But there were some jokes that had me laughing really hard so there is a show in there... the writers just need to find it.
I could not finish watching this movie. It started out good but lost its focus. All I can say is never trust anything that claim it will grant you 3 wishes. Not my kind of movie.
YIKES!  Within 10 minutes it got weird.  Jeffery Tambor is a great actor, and does a great job, but this dark comedy is just odd and depressing.
This is show is on par with VH1 Surreal Life in which I had experienced three episodes due to having the flu and not being able to change the channels. People get very dramatic when the camera is present. Include Gold Rush in that same category.Yeah, why watch if I do not enjoy them? The same reason I had to check why traffic is slowing down - to see the accident. Scenics awesome , at least on the episodes I had watched. But no more!Amazon, thank you, for even if these shows are starring the worse actors in the world the picture quality is awesome!
I only made it 6 minutes into the show before turning it off.  Seemed like it was a good idea when I read about it but the language was terrible.  I can't watch this show with family around.
Unfortunately, The Walking Dead is no longer must see TV.  It is feeling recycled these days.  The music track has improved however.  I am just not sure it is worth paying 2.99/episode though.
This show is definitely not my thing. I don't mind musicals, in general (as an aside: the musical episode of Scrubs was probably my favorite of that entire show), but I couldn't stand this. The characters were too cheesy for my taste--they were all very generic caricatures that lacked depth. Trite is the word I'm looking for. Additionally, the songs felt forced and were always jarring. The songs in a good musical should come naturally. These really didn't, in my opinion. I also didn't find the singing to be very good.Honestly, I had a hard time getting through the episode. I made sure to finish it, but I found it unpleasant. I know some people enjoyed it, though, so I must just not be the demographic it's targeted at. For me it was grating. Your mileage may vary.
A fun to watch scripted &#34;reality&#34; show.  If one Googles information about the characters and what goes on behind the scenes, some interesting information is found.
I really tried to get into this one but it just wasn't for me.  I didn't think the writing or acting was bad or anything like that, but it just wasn't for me.
I'm a fan of Lennie James from the Walking Dead and Jericho.  However, this series really doesn't do it for me. It's kind of hard to follow and the plot is just not that interesting to me. The basis for the series is a deceased dirty cop who is being invested by Internal Affairs. It seems to me there are no good guys in this one. Everybody is corrupt - so it's hard to root for anyone. I really don't have a vested interest in any of the characters at this point (like I did with "Morgan" when he first appeared in TWD). Also, I don't like the continual flashbacks. Other viewers may enjoy it, but the flow is slightly weird to me. On a separate note, I applaud Amazon for offering this on a "pay as you go" plan. Since I don't have AMC, I'm currently using this method to pay for The Walking Dead episodes as well as Breaking Bad. But I've decided this is one show I can live without.
This show has a lot of potential, but needs work. The storyline needs to be fleshed out to explain a lot of why the character goes to Oz and already knows everyone there. And the characters in Oz seem unnecessarily weird and their new names just plain odd. For a cartoon based on such a beloved tale, there is a lot of material out there it could use to drastically improve this show for the better - nice start though. FYI - The show's finished look is very beautiful, but I didn't much mind the sketchy unfinished scenes either. The scene transitions from unfinished to finished made the show a bit more interesting to watch.
been better in the past, but all-in-all a decent season... kind of getting stale though, to be honest.. same with big brother. :/
Although I love Teen Wolf I don't know if I like the direction it is taking. I like the Japanese angle but I do not like Stiles' storyline.
I watch the show because of John Goodman, I enjoy his acting, and his comedy. The other characters are OK but he&#8217;s the main reason. Without him and his character I probably would not watch the show, since he is in the show, then for me the show is OK.
It's a funny idea that gets in it's own way many times. If the Producers and director had just let the characters tell the story rather than trying to direct it into a story it would have been a lot better. The possibilities for this movie were endless, but someone decided to force it into a box instead. Maybe someone can remake it into a real comedy some day.
disappointing...not what I have come to expect from Samantha Brown ...a little too fluffy,superficial and contrivedly cute.  Wouldn't let my friends who are diabetic watch it without extra pills available...
I'd normally write in detail why this was bad but given that I could only watch half the episode I just can't tell you how bad this was indeed.Watched every other pilot too.Find something better Bebe. You deserve it.
The show is going from nice to Boring. I used to love this show, I watched the whole 3rd season on a flight to Brazil :). Was so looking forward to the 4th season and so far...not so good.
I found these people to be liars, crooks, backstabbers and cons,yet they are portrayed as heroes, that just does not compute getreal they are crooks plain and simple.
I like Coppola movies and I like the way the cast works but this just doesn't come across well. The sound track is out of sync with the story and there is some very poor crash cuts that gives the story a choppy feeling. I think some of the story may parallel Billy Murry's actual life, but without the happy ending. Charley and Jason do a good job, but it just doesn't ignite like some other films that Murry and Schwartzman have made like the Life Aquatic or Rushmore; different direction I know, but that's what I was expecting. I watched it three times and only during the third time did it come close to clicking. I'm sure they all have more good stories left in them to put down on film.
Not great, not bad.  Somewhat predictable dilemmas other than the basic one of the dome's existence.  If you need some entertainment it is good.  But not a great show or series.
Ordered season two thinking series would get better.  This show is mostly drama and such, not much humor, not really funny show.  Basically another police television show.
"Ong Bak 2" is a very misleading title. The film stars Tony Jaa of "Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior," but "Ong Bak 2" is not a sequel. "Ong Bak 2" follows a totally different story with different characters and is set in different time. (Perhaps the only element that these two films have in common is a huge statue.) But be assured, Tony Jaa remains the same, as powerful and strong as ever, though you may not like some part of his new film, as I will explain later.Set in the 15th century Thailand, "Ong Bak 2" follows the story of Tien, a courageous young boy caught by a slave trader. Young Tien is in fact a prince whose parents have been murdered by a traitor. To survive and get revenge, he joins a group of bandits "Garuda's Wing" led by Chernang (Sorapong Chatree) and learns various fighting skills among them. After hard training, grown up Tien (Tony Jaa) is appointed as commander of the group.Tony Jaa's martial arts actions themselves are as amazing as ever, something that will never disappoint. For the new film Tony Jaa employs a wide variety of martial arts styles, plus many kinds of unique weapons such as nunchucks. Though some fight scenes are slightly repetitious, they remain thrilling throughout. Dan Chupong ("Born to Fight") briefly appears as "Crow Ghost" and they provide an impressive battle scene at the climax. As to the acting, well, Tony Jaa is OK (a little too intense at times) and Sorapong Chatree steals every scene he is in.What is really regrettable is that the film considerably changed its narrative style from the original "Ong Bak," in which a simple storyline really worked. Though "Ong Bak 2" (co-directed by Tony Jaa, later with Panna Rittikrai, Jaa's mentor and choreographer for the first "Ong Bak" and "The Protector") has a lot of thrilling hard-hitting actions and incredible stunts (one involving running elephants), its revenge story, which should be simple and straightforward, is a bit too complicated and serious with a twist which I think is unnecessary. Also, the film ends rather abruptly, which is disappointing, but maybe I should wait for the next "Ong Bak" film.Obviously "Ong Bak 2" has better production designs and costumes than the first installment, but what we really need is Tony Jaa and his actions. Certainly "Ong Bak 2" gives it, but not in the most effective way.
Maybe I am jaded from Black Sails with its beautiful women being naked and the authentic salty language, also Spartacus etc. I actually found myself fast forwarding through this. I do not think you can have a non cable pirate show, it was quite boring for me to watch. I also like the actor for Black Beard but not as Black Beard. I would of liked to see a larger then life physical specimen here rather then your University History Professor. No black Beard even on his face, just some grey. I love Pirates, and unfortunately just not many well done movies or tv shows, I will give thumbs up for Black Sails, go check that out but thumbs down here. If you must watch this do not pay for it at all unless you are retired and nothing else to do
Loved the cast especially John Goodman,but the premise of four senators living together was totally unbelievable.Still looking for the comedy and had a hard time finding it.
The final show was just so so. No suspense or drama. Easy to complete. Was surprised when they headed to the mat so early.
A poor detective who changes her dress five times per episode and cow eyed writer solve crimes.... Mediocre at best.
Gets old real quick, with the young blonde girl, being this fake reluctant leader! Silly really, I had high hopes but now I only watch when I've got nothing else, for the kids to be from the future, they're even less smart than the kids from this era. Don't waste the money! I wish I hadn't...Orphan black is much better by far!!
&lt;strong>Trolljegeren&lt;/strong> (Andr&eacute; vredal, 2010)You would think that the handheld-mockumentary subgenre of horror films had pretty much worn out its welcome. And you'd probably be right. (No consolation to those currently filming &lt;em>Cloverfield 2&lt;/em>, slated for a 2014 release.) But there's still some fun to be had with variations on the theme, and &lt;em>Trolljegeren&lt;/em>, a kind of cross between &lt;em>The Blair Witch Project&lt;/em> and &lt;em>Where the Wild Things Are&lt;/em>, exploits that fun to its fullest extent. (Which is to say, you can stop making handheld horror flicks now, guys.)Plot: three students from a Norwegian university--Thomas (&lt;em>Orange Girl&lt;/em>'s Glenn Erland Tosterud), the presenter; Johanna (&lt;em>Cold Prey II&lt;/em>'s Johanna Mrck), the sound girl; and the cameraman, Kalle (Tomas Alf Larsen, who popped up in both Cold Prey flicks)--head out to the country to do what they think is a project about bear attacks. As they interview the local bear hunters, they're pointed to a solitary guy in a Land Rover who the bear hunters (all bear hunters, it seems are licensed in Norway, and they all know one another) think is a poacher. Sensing a much bigger story, they start following the poacher, who tuns out to be named Hans (&lt;em>Odd Little Man&lt;/em>'s Otto Jespersen, probably best known in his own country for taking Ray Romano's place in the Norwegian-dubbed version of &lt;em>Ice Age&lt;/em>). Hans wants nothing to do with the crew, but they follow him until they end up getting themselves into a pickle. I don't think it's much of a spoiler, given the movie's title, to tell you that they find out Hans is a troll hunter. He's like the bear hunters, in that the government utilizes him to go into areas where trolls are wreaking havoc and dispose of them, except that no one believes trolls exist, save Hans, the shadowy government figures who control him, and a kindly veterinarian who's also in on the conspiracy (&lt;em>5 Lies&lt;/em>' Torunn Stokkeland). Hans promises the film crew he'll let them film his revenge on the creature that killed Thomas' car, as long as they promise to do everything he says, and as long as none of them is a Christian. (If you're not up on your Norse folklore, trolls can smell Christian blood, and will actively hunt Christians.) Sensing their big break, they agree. And that's when things start getting &lt;em>really&lt;/em> interesting...My favorite scene in the movie is also my daughter's least favorite, which depresses me. It's the first sighting of a troll, and it's painfully obvious that  vredal saw (and was probably as disillusioned by as I was) Spike Jonze's &lt;em>Where the Wild Things Are&lt;/em>, and wanted to riff on it. This is great stuff--it's harkening back to the days when movie monsters were people in rubber monster suits, except the trolls here look a whole lot like plushies, and if you've seen Jonze's movie, you'll instantly recognize the look and feel. vredal takes some jabs at Norse troll folklore (there's one particular scene that's a riff on "The Three Billy Goats Gruff" I thought was absolutely hysterical), constructs himself an interesting story, and throws in a twist here and there, thought you'll see most of them coming.Unfortunately, the film does have its problems. Most notably is the pace. This is often a problem with handheld-mockumentary movies, as the guys who supposedly stumble upon the footage and edit it are invariably crap at doing so, or so the filmmakers want us to believe; that's been true ever since &lt;em>The Last Broadcast&lt;/em> (which was the first of them, right?). I will give &lt;em>Trolljegeren&lt;/em> that the subject matter here is a little more interesting than usual, but still, we spend a lot of time talking and not enough time troll-chasing, and perhaps when I was talking about the mash-up back at the beginning I should have thrown in a dash of &lt;em>Twister&lt;/em>.Still, if you're looking for a big, stupid, fun monster movie, there hasn't been much in the recent past that does that combination better than &lt;em>Trolljegeren&lt;/em>. Don't go in expecting greatness and you should enjoy it well enough. ***
The best part of this robotically acted, go nowhere storyline was the use of black & white filming. (That's suppose to be a funny.)Of all the ways to juxtapose going to Disney when you're a kid and then again as an adult w/kids this was not well executed. For some reason Dad is just as interested in gawking at two 14 year old girls (who tease him on) and who seem to always show up in the scenes (on rides, standing in line, eating, etc.) and was tediously boring.
The show is not outstanding but it is not the worst I have seen. The characters are typical and the plots are o.k.
6 Souls used to be called Shelter but after hemorrhaging cash at the global box office the producers changed the name and foisted it off on the streaming crowd to see if we'd give it a second chance. Fortunately, I watched it on Netflix for free but there's little redeeming about this poorly paced, confusing mess of a plot.Julianne Moore and Jonathan Rhys Meyers are both excellent and struggle to keep the fun going as the screenplay slowly gives up the ghost and unfortunately for these guys they're in practically every single scene. The psychological claptrap quickly disappates to JRM showing us how many American accents he can do as he gets possessed evermore frequently, and somehow the "scientists" involved don't decide to call it quits and go home before something really bad happens.Something really bad does happen, of course, involving a random dartboard collection of a preacher, a crazy-blind-old-woman-witch-doctor, skin breakouts that need urgent medical attention and bucketloads of exposition to fill in all the gaps. In darting between deciding what sort of story this is going to be, the audience gets thoroughly confused and the film treads a line where it never manages to be scary, interesting or gripping. Despite good performances from the two main characters, they can't save this one - skip unless you're very, very bored.
While I consider myself a pretty solid sci-fi junkie, I'll have to admit to some ignorance to all things SANCTUARY.  I distinctly remember watching the series pilot episode, as well as a handful of episodes from their first season.  The only lasting impression I can cull from memory is that I wasn't impressed enough to hang with it - after all, time is our most perishable resource.  I didn't find the characters early on all that interesting, and, while I enjoyed the premise of the show, it just seemed like it would have limited flexibility so far as any longer story arcs were concerned.  I pride myself on entertainment that requires some measure of investment on the part of the viewer - no matter how small - and early SANCTUARY, for whatever reasons, just didn't do it for me.So, I watched SANCTUARY: THE COMPLETE FOURTH SEASON in its entirety, figuring I could come at it from the perspective of a `newbie,' someone who might have a little bit to add critically by being an outsider.  I'm safe admitting that this fourth season really didn't convince me that my original perception was all that far off-the-mark; in fact, I'd mostly say that early assessment was vindicated.Dr. Helen Magnus (played by the lovely Amanda Tapping) uses her creative cunning and scientific mind to track down and secure the monsters that live above us.  No, I'm not talking serial killers, unless the serial killing is a raving carnivore with a fur-covered body, claws, and the eyes of a mutant.  These are monsters - literal monsters - of the sci-fi and monster-movie variety.  Along with her counterparts, Dr. Will Zimmerman (Robin Dunne), wolf-thing Henry Foss (Ryan Robbins), and Bigfoot (Christopher Heyerdahl), her weekly installments took her anywhere around the world where CGI could lead, the cutting edge visual special effect which the program made impressive use of regularly.In fact, I'd read somewhere that CGI was SANCTUARY's saving grace.  CGI could be used to great effect in studios to create the settings and locales needed to tell these monster stories.  And use it they did!  SANCTUARY, in its four seasons, has been nominated and won accolades consistently.  This crew has been recognized for excellence in series direction, special effects, costuming, sound, and acting.  If there's an award out there for a sci-fi TV production, SANCTUARY has no doubt been in contention for it, and that alone speaks wonders for the work these smilers have done over the years.The central problem I had with the program was that, at its core, I just didn't care about these characters.  Growing up, I was a huge fan of monster movies, and I've probably forgotten more hours that I can honestly remember watching any film that came on television that had a monster.  Even if that monster was in an `Abbott & Costello' flick, I was there - not for the comedy, but for the monsters.  SANCTUARY was, probably, the type of show created with me in mind.  So far as I can tell, I must've grown a little too jaded and maybe a little too disinterested with monsters these days to be interested in following the program with any serious eye.  What I saw when I watched this fourth season was still a program dedicated to these four leads - all a little too goody-two-shoes saccharin for my palate - and their various exploits that just HAPPENED to involve monsters.  Instead of focusing on the monsters, SANCTUARY told me how these people `felt' and `capture' and `caught' and `explored' monsters.  What I wanted to see was more about monsters and less about these people.However, I honestly contend that, if I were that eight, nine, and ten-year-old boy again, then I probably would've loved SANCTUARY.  The series pilot and quite a bit of this fourth season had an immensely `friendly' environment for children.  Clearly, the central premise of the show was that as much as mankind needing protection so did these monsters, and that's a message any kid with a thing for monsters can grasp, understand, and appreciate.  Whereas the older, (hopefully) more mature viewer I've grown into gets jazzed about even re-runs of THE X FILES, SANCTUARY seems to me very much like THE X FILES FOR KIDS, and, on that front, I applaud their efforts.Quality-wise, the first few episodes of this fourth (and final) season were actually very compelling.  These few dealt with Magnus's departure from the third season (and, no, I wasn't at a loss to follow it all even though I hadn't seen so much as ten seconds of the third season), as she's slipped back in time all under the machinations of a monster she's bent on capturing.  Once she did, she found herself lost in time, missing all of the resources of her impressive `Sanctuary' network, but it was all righted (maybe a little too cleanly) within a matter of installments.  The latter half of the season, I felt the quality dipped quite a bit, almost as if the creative staff were struggling to find a way to tie all of the threads they'd dangled - the loss of funding for the Sanctuary, the pregnancy of a recurring character, an entire society of subterranean creatures - into a cohesive plotline that they could tie-up before the season finale.  Again, for my tastes, it didn't work all that well - much of the relationships were obviously deliberately thrown into disarray, friendships were broken - and it resolved itself with even less grace under pressure.Still, while not a regular viewer, I enjoyed it for what it was ... except that all-musical episode.  Really?  Really?  Why must EVERY respectable genre program these days HAVE to HAVE a musical episode?THAT's a real monster!SANCTUARY: THE COMPLETE FOURTH SEASON was produced by Sanctuary 1 Productions and Stage 3 Media.  DVD distribution is being handled by E1 Entertainment (aka Entertainment One).  The DVD looks and sounds excellent; it's pretty clear that the producers spared no modest expense at cultivating the look of the program - lots and lots of CGI done in some large, expansive set formats - and I can only guess that fans loved how it all went together so seamlessly.  As a set, the discs also boast an impressive amount of special features, including a `day in the life' with series star Amanda Tapping, a few `making of' exposes, the usual bloopers/outtakes/gags, deleted scenes, and audio commentaries provided by acting and behind-the-scenes personnel.  I would imagine that any fan of the program or maybe even fans of even TV production might learn a thing or two by investing some time in the material presented here.RECOMMENDED (obviously) for fans of the series, folks who like `lighter' sci-fi fare, and it's definitely kid-friendly (maybe on purpose?).  SANCTUARY offers up few legitimate scares, though it reaches more than a few times to be heavier.  Still, the best it did for me was show me some pretty special effects alongside some pretty people and pretty monsters all a bit too safely for my tastes.  The latter episodes felt a bit rushed - did they know it was their last season? - and, as a result, they lose their narrative focus.  As I'm not a long-time fan of the show (this was my first significant exposure to it), I couldn't comment on whether or not the finale served as a satisfying wrap-up to all that the showrunners hoped and promised: my gut instinct is that it didn't, but those who followed it more closely could probably tell you otherwise.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at EOne (Entertainment One) provided me with a DVD screener of SANCTUARY: THE COMPLETE FOURTH SEASON for the expressed purposes of writing this review.
Too much crap about demons. It's called ghost adventures, not let's see if we can get possessed by demons adventures. I sometimes like the dramatizations, and when they go wandering around a town talking to people it is entertaining, but so many times it takes up half the show. They also tend to make wild assumptions about things.
OK, only 16 minutes give or take.  I was so bored my time would have been better spent had I taken a cat nap.
I think 2 dollars to watch one episode is to much but I paid it since our DVR didn't record Resurrection. It's sad when you get caught up in a series you know isn't all that good but you want to know what you missed just in case the show gets better.Revenge is like watching any of the afternoon soaps, just one of the few that doesn't have anything to do with vampires. The acting is good/o.k. but the plot is wishy washy trying to find twists and turns to keep peoples interests.The best part is no commercials!! It's almost worth the two bucks not to have to watch the plethora of commercials !
Strange that it's been shown on History Channel, considering that the movie is loosely based on history about vikings. But none the less it was okay to watch. I don't really like violence and while it's present there is not too cruel or too brutal. Animal sacrifices and vikings, their ways and violent culture, didn't appeal to me when watching the movie. Basically if I come across second season I just might watch it. But I am not looking forward .. much.. for it.
For some reason Hollywood seems to think that the more money you toss at a film the better it will be. The failure of some of the costliest films ever made should have taught them that that isn't always the case. Another thing that should have taught them better is when incredibly low budget films produce large offerings of talent and story. Such is the case with this film.October (Sean Elliot) is returning home to visit with his father, a man he lost touch with several years back. Just why they lost touch is never explained until later in the film, but we know there was some horrific event in their lives that caused October to drift away.Russell (Lance Henriksen) is the local sheriff and he's been waiting for the day his son would return. The trauma that separated the two is in the past and his hopes are that with a camping trip in the local woods things can be set straight.Things take a turn for the worse when Russell thinks he sees something in the woods turns to shoot at it and falls from a low hanging cliff to the rocks near a river. The result is severely fractured leg that October, a med student, can set but that will impede their ability to get back to their car. Besides the injury the other main concern is this creature that is attempting to kill both father and son. Just what this creature is becomes a plot point in the film.While the pair try to combat the monster that stalks them, a quick and vicious creature that they both see on and off, they stick close to a tree they fortify with spear like defenses and begin to simply talk to one another. The conversations they have are not long winded or lengthy but each one reveals more and more of the characters and their affections for one another that were cut short with the tragic event they both shared.Flashbacks that are dropped in as hints eventually reveal the entire story. Without giving away anything I will say that they involve father and son and a young girl that Russell brought into their lives years ago who grew into a lovely lady that October was in love with. With each snippet of film that shows the three characters growing older and changing with time we see the closeness of this family. Not until late in the film are we shown what happened and honestly it wasn't something that was easy to guess at early on.As Russell's wound grows worse and the chances of their survival dwindle, October realizes that if they will live it will only happen two ways: either he will have to get help or he will have to confront the creature that is stalking them. Can he confront this evil? Will either of both survive? And what of that mysterious event that happened long ago?The best and most impressive thing about this movie is the acting on display. I'm new to Elliot but he does an admirable job in the role of October. Henriksen does his usual stand out performance. A star of many low budget films he has been an actor that has turned in more outstanding performances than anyone would give him credit for. Henriksen is one of those actors who can take a small role and make it seem outstanding. You would be hard pressed to find a bad performance from him.The movie is a great example of what I call a slow burn, a story that unravels itself rather than just throw it in your face during the first 15 minutes. Movies like this are rarely made these days due to what I consider the MTV generation, a group of young movie goers who want everything placed in front of them and want it now without having to wait or think things out. One day I hope they discover how they short change themselves from classic films and from movies like this one. Who knows, maybe they'll discover it and it will make them seek out others.
I may sound harsh during this brief review, but I feel that this show does not deserve praise in any way.  I watched the first 2 episodes and was bored the entire time.  Well, I wasn't bored, because I was laughing at the terrible dialogue.  Kids shouldn't even watch this.  It would rot their brains.  It is that stupid.That said, the show has some funny moments and a few good characters.  I question why someone would act the way they do in this show, but if you overlook the bad acting and terrible writing, it has some small hint of merit.  It has an interesting theme, which is a British private school with lots of mysterious disappearances.  They could have explored the disappearances from a more scary or eerie perspective, but the writers apparently do not want to freak out the kids.  Give kids more credit!  My 13-year-old brother has watched horror flicks all his life.  He would never watch this show.Now, I must admit that I was tempted to just skip a few episodes and go straight to the end of the first season.  It may be one of those shows that gets better in later seasons.  I honestly have no idea, because I lost interest after 2 horrible episodes.
It's so bad, it's not even worth the effort to write a bad review. Unoriginal. Uninspired. Unfunny. Such a waste of talent.
Jason was the Only reason I spent time watching this pilot.  And I'm on the fence about whether to invest my time and entertainment dollar on the second episode.There is not a hint of Momoa being involved in sex so if he is only going to portray a psychotic half-breed with a chip on his shoulder, then I'm out.I saw Momoa killed once in Game of Thrones,  I have no interest in seeing him killed again in another series.What a waste of a powerfully sensual actor that would be.
They lost me at the start, that overused gimmick of beginning a movie in mid stride only to abruptly put a halt to the unexplained action by pulling back to another point in time.  In effect saying, never mind, pay no attention to that guy running in the snow, it's not about that...yet.  I immediately start to worry when the beginning has to be started twice.How historical this was I do not know and frankly it didn't pique my interest enough to find out.I will say that it was action packed, very bleak and very violent, with a whole lot of running/chasing/running, more running, even more running...fighting, running, more fighting.  I found it amusing that the Romans were a bit put off because the Picts fought "without honor."  Meaning that they didn't fool around but got down to the business at hand: kill or be killed.  They were obviously better at it because they didn't weigh themselves down with heavy noisy armor.  Nor did they march in formation and group themselves into easy targets.  Basically, this was a combat picture and a lesson in enemies (sometimes the person sitting next to you might prove more hazardous to your health than the people you are fighting).  This movie was even structured a bit like a horror film: high body count, horrible ways of dying, few left while the closing credits roll.  And!  Unmemorable characters, I forgot who was dead who wasn't, I started counting heads, found that difficult because so many people were losing theirs.  In the end, I was left wondering what the point was; who were you supposed to root for?It helps to know that this movie did not fare well in the UK, which explains why it went straight to DVD after that.I am glad I watched it, not a bad time killer, but it didn't make it into my collection.
Interesting so far - I will give it a further chance. if it makes season 2 I will be further interested. Is what it says = a group of software developers trying to launch a beta test of their new app. Three stars because it's kinda iffy (for me) if it will get and keep a viewer audience.
Would I consider more shows?  HMMMMMMMMMMMMM let me see?  Ah yes, NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!A tacky show and a waste of Seth Green's talents and as to the other guy- his best thing he ever was the reoccurring role as Phobe's step brother.
what is wrong with these people, you can check this movie in Netflix, I do not recommend this movie, terrible and cheap low budget movie
So, this is kinda fun to watch. Mainly if you like to be snarky about things you see on TV. This show has extremely dumb moments. It's good if you have had some beers. It's good if you are considered developmentally challenged. It's good if you just want a good laugh. The acting is turgid. The plot has some potential. The actual action scenes look good but are in fact so dumb it ruins it. Example, 5 helicopters surprise 3 soldiers on foot in the arctic. The soldiers are friendly and the helicopters belong to the evil Russians. Guess who wins without a scratch? So, yeah, pretty dumb and over acted. However sometimes you feel like having fast food instead of Masterpiece Theater.
Low grade film not very interesting to watch. Story does not build up. Other shows like 48 hours has better interviews.
Uneven and confusing.  I suppose there will be explanations later in the series...but frankly, I don't think I will be watching it.
I was really excited to see this show.  I have followed James Spader's career for decades.  He is absolutely brilliant, and the clever and exciting scripts give him lots to work with.  Watching as subtle expressions play across his face communicating a depth of thoughts, feelings, and emotions is acting at its very finest. The supporting cast - including Diego Klattehoff, Harry Lennix and Parminder Nagra are all wonderful.But there's one BIG problem with this show.  Megan Boone can't act.  At all.  Not even a little bit.  Every single time she's on camera, which is most of the show, she is wearing the same dull eyed, vacant expression.  I realize her character is supposed to be understated, but this woman simply looks stoned or in shock ALL THE TIME.  I keep trying to watch and enjoy the juicy plots, and excellent performances by everyone else in the cast, but Ms. Boone's completely wooden "performance"-if you can call it a performance - is a huge spoiler for me.  I find myself trying to imagine Clare Danes, Jodi Foster, Julianne Moore, Gillian Anderson, and others who have played similar roles and how much they could do with the same character.Please, producers of Blacklist, either give Megan Boone a crash course in acting, or replace her with someone else before her dead-eyed monotony causes an otherwise outstanding show to go down in flames.
Didn't ever get past the second episode. Seemed a lot of it centered around sex scenes and talk.Don't recommend it.
As good as the first season.  Holds your attention.  Great special effects.  Can't wait to see Season 3 when free.
Ghosts, really? I like the story line but not the case investigation. Character development took a back seat in this series so far
Unfortunately, this show is going in the direction of most of the other fare on tv. It is shaping up to be the evil aliens (who really look awful instead of beautiful) against the good guys (FBI agent, priest, etc., as rebels).  The entire show this time advanced that premise rather than developing other aspects.  I wish the aliens weren't so unrelievedly beautiful on the surface and evil underneath too.  It doesn't leave much room for interesting stories other than good guys vs. bad guys.  The only thing I enjoyed this time was looking at the beautiful alien Anna and the neat way she could try on outfits virtually.  I doubt I will watch this next week.  I think I will stick with FlashForward and Fringe as my sci fi of choice this season.  Save your money.
It was very average and seemed very staged.  However, I did enjoy seeing more of Bruce's family. Also, I like seeing Scott grow from an immature young man into a more mature individual and father.
One of the few MTV shows that I can talorate, Big plus of listening to Chantal Westcoast laughing! And easy on the eye's.
These were real actor's , it's a pretty good movie over all.  It was a whole lot better then the movie &#34; Blood widow&#34; seriously that movie was horrible.  I would watch this movie again , but I wouldn't rent it I'd wait until it hits SCIFI net work. It's a scifi original!
While this series could have been pretty interesting, the creator and directors just had to make it &#34;cutesie-pie&#34;  from the casting of Piper Perabo to the unbelievability of plot choices....right down to her little smile to the camera in the opening titles.  It all begins with the script. And that turned this possibility of greatness into a mediocre spy vs. spy episodic. It coulda been a contender!
Interesting ... somewhat suspenseful ... moves along but not at a hectic pace.  Good human interactions.  But I'm surprised to see this described as a comedy.  Being funny didn't appear to be its primary goal.  Decent storytelling.  Good enough to make me want to see a little more.
Half an hour into the series I was bored out of my mind. The premise of the show revolves around 2 U.S. Marshalls that work for the Witness Protection Program. The dialogue is forced, the voiceover is annoying, the domestic squabbles are comedic at best. Marshall Mann has zero personality. Bobby D (Todd Williams) is probably the best and only good thing in this show.
Didn't watch it past first 20 minutes. Not interested in the story. Watched it at all because it was free on Amazon Prime.
I'll start by saying I found Grave Encounters to be boring with no scare factor at all. Actually, I don't get scared during movies, so let me correct that by saying the first one was pretty boring with no cool or fun scenes. However, some people loved it and thought it was pretty scary. I have to wonder if they watch scary movies enough to know what a decent horror flick is really like? After all, so many fans of the wrong genres flocked to Cabin In The Woods and claimed it was the scariest movie they had ever seen... pffftt, try watching Moonwalker next time.The intro of this movie shows a bunch of reviews to the first movie, where alot of people said not enough happened in it, which is something I agreed with. So this one here has gone all out to try and provide something happening every few minutes and not just bore you to death with people in the dark with flashlights afraid of their own reflections. The plot to this one is about a filmmaker kid who found the first movie pretty boring, until he does some investigating and wonders if it was a movie at all, or if it was real? He receives messages on his computer from someone called "Death Awaits" and gives him coordinates on where the run down asylum really is. After a boring 30-40 minutes of him and his dumb friends partying and looking for evidence, smoking bongs and getting drunk, the movie finally get's better about 5 minutes into when they arrive and break into the hospital at night to investigate what happened to the original cast from the first movie.Once inside, the group begin to experience the same sort of things as the group of the first movie, only it looks better, happens more often, and doesn't let silence and nothing overshadow the plot. In other words, it's a much faster paced film. So the first 30-40 mins are a bore, the middle is OK, but the end... once again it has an ending that doesn't really pay off as a great ending. Is it really the best they could come up with? Oh well, I guess we will be seeing GE3 soon then.Personally I liked it a lot better than the first. However, if long drawn out boredom and noises are your thing, you might prefer the first.
According to wikipedia dot org, it's a 2013 French-Danish co-production crime thriller film written and directed by Nicolas Winding Refn. It was shot in Bangkok, Thailand.According to indiewire dot com, director Refn confirmed the cost of this movie was a little bit more than $5 millions.The worst thing about this movie was all main characters were emotionless. They did not express any emotion with their faces and words at all. It's as if they had been wearing masks. For example, the main policeman, he brutally killed some bad guys but his face was like a stone from the beginning till the end of the film. He did not show any anger or hatred.On top of that, there were very few dialogues. This made the problem worse.It's almost like a silent movie. For the first 10 minutes, it held my attention by forcing me to guess what would come next. Then, it became boring and tiring because I had to constantly try to interpret what the director wanted to convey with his video. It did not connect with me. It did not stir up any emotion. I did not care what happened to all the people. What's the point of watching a movie without feeling anything? In this regard, this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's an example of how to make a bad movie.There are so many illogical holes and too much violence that make it less entertaining. For example, the scene where the assassin fired his machine gun into the small restaurant where the 3 policemen were eating. The policemen flipped the wooden table they're eating at and used it as a shield. Miraculously, no bullets hit the table. Yeah!The violence was so over-the-top that it became sadistic. For instance, there was a scene where the policeman poked the eye of a bad guy with a pointed metal stick. He also thrust it into the guy's ear.Almost everything was in slow motion. Even the scene where the policeman chased the assassin was in slow motion. At first, this technique drew my attention. Then, it quickly became irritating.The hand-to-hand fighting scene between Ryan and the policeman was so childish it's laughable. Ryan was not suitable as an action actor.UPDATED Aug. 19, 2013According to boxofficemojo dot com, below are the financial figures of this film:Release Date: July 19, 2013Domestic:  $765,400+ Foreign:  $8,977,609= Worldwide:  $9,743,009So, it's a big flop in North America. No, I CAN'T FORGIVE this movie.In short, it's a waste of time and money.
I'm a spy movie fan and I'd like to go with the fantasy, but it's just too contrived. It's so predictable that it's not much fun.
The time I spent watching this movie that I could have spent doing something else. It actually takes real effort to make a movie this bad. First and foremost this movie is mainly about a backup generator and how long it can stay running. Apparently that's the best plot this movie has to offer. There's also a locked room (that's the sub plot) but maybe they are saving that for the next movie because no one ever bothers to find out what's behind the door.Other than than you have a bunch of people running away from shadows and looking for flashlights that work. You think that with an entire city gone they could have stopped by Radio shack and got a cart full of flashlights and batteries to haul around. Maybe even stopped by Sears and got a new generator? If all else failed the least they could do is stop at the supermarket and get some matches and lawn torches. Sadly hour main characters aren't that bright. Probably the worse survival group in this history of survival horror (I think that's what this was trying to be) *spoiler here* no wonder none of them survive.The monsters in this movie are shadows. They were creepy for about the first 5 minutes than after that just plain boring. No scares, or real sense of danger to be found in this movie. Only if your afraid of your own shadow than maybe just maybe. For some reason I remember another movie about people running around trying to find lights to keep on so they didn't vanish in the dark. I forget what it was called but it wasn't that old. That movie was a yawner as well (probably why I forgot it). I know this movie will soon "vanish" from my mind because there isn't anything worth remembering from it other than I need to pick up some batteries just in case the power goes out. Last time the power went out I had to bump around in the dark looking for matches and luckily I found some old birthday candles.This movie was such a waste of time it should have never been made. The characters are pointless, the movie has no plot, it never goes anywhere, it carries on to long, and nothing about what's taking place is explained. I'm all for these weird sci-fi no explanation movies but if you're going to do them at least do it right like War of the Worlds. Throw in some action, and controversy to skip over the fact that no one knows why the creatures are there or where they come from really.This movie is a fantastic waste of time! Can't imagine anyone owning or at least even bothering to watch this more than once unless they are trying to use it as a sleep aid.
I ordered this product and did not receive it; this review is from the uncut televised edition, which(I presume) is the same as the DVD.The theme, as with so many themes in 1950-1970 comedies, is a mild slapstick farce where a man's devotion to marriage is challenged.  Bob Hope is loyal to his wife but a misdialing of the phone gets him mixed up with a sexy movie starlet(played pefectly by Elke Sommer).  The rumor at the time in Hollywood is that Hope had requested to make this film with her as co-star.  I can't confirm that, but seeing the film, you could understand if he did.The film is pretty amusing and if you are a Bob Hope (or, to be honest, Elke Sommer) fan, then grab this.  Phyllis Diller is his "co-pilot" and, as always, puts in a perfect performance too.
After viewing the amazing series, "The Killing" I was looking for an extended series that would have the same level of realism and intensity, the same depth of character and plot. This series was recommended and foolishly, I bought the series without watching the pilot.This is crime drama at it's worst. The characters are such stereotypes it's almost laughable. The lines predictable and delivered with all the skill of a 4th grade school play cast.There's as much grit and realism as Mr. Rodgers Neighborhood without the catchy title song. It's not as much about the money I wasted as the two hours it took me to view 1/2 hour of the pilot. The only plus is for Jennifer Beals first class mortuary make up job. She almost looks like herself......
This is a very watchable film and it held my interest throughout.  Richard Gere, Susan Sarandon and the rest of the excellent supporting cast are what makes this film go.  This is a financial thriller right out of today's headlines.  Richard Gere is a financial magnate who has made a large and unwise investment that has threatened to take his firm down.  He is groping for a financial lifeline, and therein lies this interesting story.  This is a thinking-person's film, but it tells the story very well.The problem with the film in my opinion is the unsympathetic nature of most of the characters.  Gere comes across as an unlikable hypocrite and his wife is no better.  The rest of the characters are swept up in Gere's amoral and immoral schemes, and somehow mostly come across as unsympathetic saps.  Well, that was my take on it; yours may be different.  Despite this flaw, this is an entertaining film that is worth watching.  RJB.
This tv show is just very boring and weird. Also the animation is absolutely repulsive and sore on the eyes. Its the kind of show that makes me wonder if the people at cartoon network are crackheads.
I thought that this was worth watching. It had a little bit of a teenage element to it and seemed a little silly at times. But, it is good family television as you could watch this with your young teen daughter and not be very embarrassed by any of it. It had some historical value, but it seemed like it was taking a bit of history and modifying it for the sake of the show.
If you want to rent it, go ahead.  There are a few decent things about it:1) About 40 minutes in, the tension actually builds while they're in the tent... but it lasts a little too long and is broken up by them trying to escape... which is commendable - you don't want them running, screaming out of the tent into the night like Blair Witch.  Too iconic.  But, still... it did drag.2) A little man candy, if you're into that.  Although, can I just say, I don't blame her for not marrying him... what a DOUCHE!  It's also hilarious to hear him complaining about LA as if he wasn't quintessentially LA.  Every word out of his mouth was like a bad line read.  At least she could act... sort of.But, yeah... I guess Bigfoot steals white women?  This is the moral of the story.
But the writing and plot is a little weak.  Susan Sarandan is completely underutilized.  Just a ho-hum movie at best.
This movie, as many these days, is very predictable. No spoilers, but I want to know where the device came from and who owned it or made it?  Unanswered questions.... Just okay, nothing spectacular here.  One watch is sufficient.
This All Stars was the weakest season to me as it seems like they were rushed to film the season.  I love the cast and it is still Project Runway so worth the time to watch.
BOring.  Weak.  Poorly filmed.  Don't waste your time.  BOring.  Weak.  Poorly filmed.  Don't waste your time.  Don't waste your time.
Gossip Girl has grown up and with those crucial scandalous high school years behind her, cannot make the translation into adulthood (or what approximates it on this show.)  Salacious has turned to sleaze and the bad girls aren't really clever, just mean.  All of the conniving has worn thin and while earlier seasons seemed like underhanded moral plays in pretty cloths, this episode reeks of ugly.
If you enjoy Mother Nature, you should enjoy this show.  I'm not sure that you'll fall in love with it, but I think you'll get through Season 1 on Amazon, since it's free right now.  However, it appears we have to pay for Season 2, which I would never do.  There are 3 main characters in Mountain Men.  All three live relatively different lives in different areas of the country, which is good and diverse for us viewers.  Of course, the producers of the show add some drama, which is sometimes realistic.  On one show, the guy in Alaska breaks down (his snowmobile) 10 miles from his cabin, and he has to walk the entire distance in the dark and the sub-zero temps.  Now, that was real!  I could feel his pain.  Overall, there are some decent situations and activities for these guys.  You should learn at least a few things from watching the show, while being somewhat entertained.
I really wanted this to be good, Titus Welliver is a very fine actor who deserves a good show.  However it was very unsatisfying.  The mystery introduced is apparently one that would play out over several episodes, but at the end of this one, you would expect one major clue to be opened or resolved and that doesn't really happen.  I think the creators of the show decided they didn't want &#34;done in one&#34; mystery episodes but if you are going to string along the audience then each episode needs to be packed with interesting characters and sub plots.  Not the case here.
I was little sad to see all the orignal cast replaced; still not sure how well the new guy playing the vampire or the new girl playing the ghost will work out.  I'm hoping the redo maintains the great story telling, suspense, and just good Tv making f have grown to expect and deeply appreciate.
Not quite realized in the film. At times acting is off key. Essential elements of plot not made credible.Still, if you have a little time on your hands, is intelligent, not another another...
As we all know, the best Gordon Ramsay video is an uncensored video.  From what I'm seeing in these reviews, this DVD is censored!  No way!  I'm not buying it if it's censored.  Why would his first seven seasons be "raw & uncensored", and now season 8 is censored?  Nope!  I'm not buying this DVD.
Never have I seen a show where ghosts actually attack the people involved. The first episode was great, dullness follows.
Very well done to be sure but just didn't enjoy it well enough to continue viewing.
It sounded good, but it was not for me.  It had the staple characters for a romantic comedy; the idiot male friend, the disapproving and embarrassing parents.  I did not find the characters endearing, just annoying.  And I simply did not care how it would end.  Let's put it this way, if I had no paid for it, I would have turned it off.  I didn't hate it, I just did not find it engaging or original.  Not my cup of tea.
I do subscribe to this show through Amazon so it was not too surprising when a new one showed up off the weekly cycle.  It turned out that this episode is a prequel to the series and is only 19 minutes long, even though it still costs $1.89.  It tells the story of Augie learning to cope with being a blind agent handler. It takes place in Barcelona and since I haven't been there in 45 years I found the travelogue aspect beautiful.  The story is sort of weak, given that we already had one show about Augie getting blinded in Iraq.  Annie the usual heroine is not in this at all.  It is an OK sort of clip but not worth the price of a full episode.
So much to say and I tried to be fair but I turned it off about 1/3 of the way through.
It is worth seeing but not at theaters, I really would have given it 4 and 2/10 stars because the only real reason is action was at  the last 15 minutes for that I take away one star. 8/10 because I saw one made for TV that had a better story line it was about the rich and the poor not about  Gladiators to me that's old hat. The TV movie the rich ran to a basement room the poor followed,even when they knew they were about to die the rich made the poor sit across the room from them without so much as a hello. if it ever becomes free with prime I'll  watch this one again.
very committed to the storyline but ultimately a big disbelief - did MK ULTRA take over or something?No mother would be okay with this happening to their son.
I was rather excited when i saw the previews for this show. based on the stephen king short I, which is very good, the show (without any spoilers) is about a town without knowing it that is quarantined under a giant dome.  the story is good and the show had tons of potential until they made it. the actors are relative unknowns, the story jumps and jumps and jumps not creating the most linear storyline to follow. the biggest indicator that this show wasn't good or going to hold my attention is when about 20minutes in I realized despite sitting in front of the screen i had little clue what i was watching what had happened and who the people were.they want you to feel invested in characters you have no back story to, and perhaps that is the trouble with this. Like other shows that thrust you in the action (like lost) Under the Dome doesn't create an engaging or interesting enough reason to keep watching. the wait and see game doesn't work if the watcher has little investment or incentive to wait or see.i started watching the second episode chalking the first ep up to a slow start but midway through gave up.  perhaps others will enjoy it but i did not.... which stinks because I wanted to like this show
I'm a 3D enthusiast, so I was intrigued.I have to say, not top notch, the primary enemies of Batman for the most part absent.  Some odd ball selections on villains, which for the most part worked.Backstory has changed a bit (from what I remember in my day), Alfred winds up having a &#34;spy type&#34; background, Katana is the first &#34;Robin&#34;, and Wayne Manor is a veritable fortress with laser defenses and ground to air missiles.Nothing that made the story worse, and in most cases it sort of works.Batman's head, disturbing on many levels as is Alfred's chin.Good action, good fighting sequences, vehicles, buildings, (modelling), meh.Plot, all sort of hangs together.  Nothing amazing, but at least moderately entertaining.
Jenna Jameson has no looks left and hasn't for years, and can't spell the word "act" much less do any of it, and it shows beyond doubt in this movie made for teenage boys. Anything at all to stay in the public's eye up to and including marrying a violent, egotistical drug head, so I guess it is true that birds of a feather stick together.NOTHING worth while in a movie my neighbor started  watching, and we both agreed to shut it off after 5 whole minutes it was so bad..SAVE your time and god knows please don't waste your money.
As much as Cullen Bohannon's adventures are interesting, and Colm Meaney's character is compelling, and Tom Noonan is just... wacko, sadly the show doesn't work as well as it should.The show, as another reviewer here pointed out, is DEADWOOD Light. It even uses many of the same tropes as that program did (mysterious and violent yet forthright man; naive yet beautiful recent widow; SOB boss who runs everything in the surrounding area; unconventional and troubled preacher), but that's nothing revolutionary to a Western. These are pretty common all around.The story of the building and connecting of the Transcontinental Railroad is pretty darned compelling, but obviously, that needs to be dressed up a little more: The Black and Irish workers, the side-businesses in the camp, the little pieces of subterfuge and manipulation; this is apparently the drama driving the show forward. Again, sadly, it's just not compelling enough to maintain interest for those who have seen this show before and seen it better cough*DEADWOOD*cough.While freshman showrunners Tony and Joe Gayton (who also wrote the somewhat-entertaining Dwayne Johnson/Billy Bob Thornton B-movie FASTER) deserve props for doing their very best to make this look and feel authentic, the characters and the story are just too bland and too stock (much like FASTER) and the performances, with a few exceptions, don't flesh them out further. I really wanted to like this show, too, since AMC has a few of the very best shows on TV right now. I DVR'd every episode and watched the first four, but everytime I thought about watching a new episode, I just felt like it was a chore, and that is not the feeling you want when you sit down to watch TV. Oh, well.
I never thought the war segments would be more interesting than the love story.  Poor acting for the love story and so much dead pauses.
My wife and I got some great ideas for decorations and we like the &#34;contest&#34; aspect of the show, but ultimately the prissy attitudes of the judges (especially the French guy...go figure) are tough to swallow (pun intended).  I will give the show 2 stars only because of entertainment value and nothing more. You can find better ways to spend your time and energy than with this show.  I'm sad that I will not be able to regain the lost hours of our lives having been spent on this.  :-(
District Attorney, Mitch Brockden (Dominic Cooper), goes out one night to celebrate a big victory, and fearing for the safety of his car, in a bad neighborhood, decides to drive home drunk. On the way, he hits a kills a man, running across the street. Another man, Clinton Davis (Samuel L. Jackson) is charged with the crime and it's Brockden's job to prosecute the man accused of committing his crime. Not wanting to convict an innocent man, Brockden blows the case, but afterwards finds out that the wounds on the man he hit, were not consistent with being hit by a car, and match the wounds of seven unsolved homicide victims. Now Brockden must find out if he mistakenly let a serial killer go free. Reasonable Doubt, unlike many similar films, actually had a unique and original story. Both Dominic Cooper and Samuel L. Jackson were terrific, and the film really could have been the hidden gem of the year, but only got 3.5 stars. The reason is simple, while it was a great story, it was far too predictable to be what it could have been. I really it hate when the Writers assume that the audience is too dumb to figure out what's going on. That's what happens here, while the story is tremendous, everything is laid out in such a way, that even a child would know what would happen next. Aside from that, the great story and terrific cast make for an exciting film, that was quite enjoyable, but it was just predictable to a fault.
Interesting, not sure about spending $1.99 a week to see it though. Kind of witchy soap operaish. It's OK, we'll see...
I am a God fearing woman and sex scenes are not what I want to watch so I changed the show immediately.
This series is intended to present a personal glimpse, not an in depth, psychological study, into the lives of those who dominated the stage of World War Two. Even the title is suggestive . . . 'History's Verdict.'  "Flawed and inaccurate?" I would choose to disagree. The documentation and references given are valid sources as opposed to 'hearsay.' One may choose to question or disagree but the information is supposed to be 'thought provoking.'  Listen to the details and questions presented  by the narrator. Too many years as a serious student of military history have left their mark. History is a record of the past and can be rewritten many times over as new information is added. We have access to more and more details but accurate/impartial information isn't a 'given.'Hitler, Mussolini, Stalin, Churchill, Roosevelt, Himmler, Montgomery, Patton, de Gaulle, MacArthur, Rommel, and Eisenhower had a single common trait . . . they chose their path into world history. Hirohito was born to his destiny. The episodes are not 'created equal' and still they offer interesting information that has been documented . . . whether the assessment of that information is flawed/inaccurate is for the viewer to decide!Recommended? Yes. The original footage clips, information and conclusions are interesting. The narration is well presented and without the mispronunciations and mangled grammar so common to the documentaries narrated by Drew Crosby for Pacific Media. Worth watching and formulating your own opinion. A simple introduction for beginners and a few details that are of interest to WWII history buffs!hs
This could be a very good and enjoyable show. My daughter liked it. I would like to see a full live action episode though.
I found the show entertaining..Stories were suspenseful..Acting was very good.The real life persons were believable.
Seriously?  It opens with an insurance advertisement and then proceeds to one of the most poorly acted and utterly boring show pilots I have seen in years.  I turned it off after 15 minutes, but from what I could understand of that first boring intro, this is probably just a third-rate "Lost" knock-off, and I didn't really care for "Lost" either.  Instead of a crashed jetliner and a remote jungle island, this show features a stalled  elevator and a city parking garage.  The acting is the quality of a small town high school stage play.If you want something more interesting, I suggest that you just go to the local mall and watch the passersby.  Or maybe just buy an ant farm or some goldfish.
not my cup of tea.....nothing really more to say about it ..some will like it some wont..l just try and then delete if you dont like it
Our kids were brought up with Sesame Street and it was the best children's educational TV program around at the time.  Our kids are grown now but still remember all the characters with fondness.  Sounds like a sacrilege, but  now there are better kids educational shows that are more focused on the educational stuff and yet hold their attention better, too.
Thanks to the fortuitous and copious internal documentation of this particular cult we get a sneak peek into what it was like in the day. Seems like lots of hippies were lost and wandering after the 60's ended and looking for something to guide them and thus we ended up with these cult figures who filled the vacuum of meaning. It will happen again, one day.
I tried with this one - I really did, but I found it to be too long, drawn out, and boring. I found myself forwarding it, at times, but it never seemed to get any better. I wanted to find something to like about it, I really did, but it was just too slow for me, and I don't see this going anywhere. If picked up, it'll just be another show I won't watch. Sorry.
Season 2 through the first few episodes of season 3 which I consider part of the season 1-2 story line were great.  Season 3 the writers missed the mark by a large margin.  I just finished forcing myself to watch season 3.  The first two seasons I couldn't believe I had missed this show when it was on, after season 3 I'm speechless at the waste of time it was.  All sorts of character development which should have been woven into the first two seasons, and only warranted being short flashbacks and segments of the better shows to fill in some blanks as to why certain characters where the way they were, but to waste a season on it?  The whole farce of a story around the man who allowed the original attack and became president only to have him walk free?  I've wanted to personally put him out an airlock since episode 2 of season 1 and they finally get his butt on trial and let him walk?  Its not a letdown, it is maddening that I wasted the time.  I understand Season 4 picks up and gets back on track thank god.  Bottom line is except for the freeing from New Caprica the rest of season 3 was not worth watching.  All the background on the Admirals marriage, and the character background should have been boiled down to 10% of the first two seasons, not stretched through an entire season 3.  Oh, and let's just have a season where the enemy just goes away and focus on labor unions and peoples dysfunctional childhoods.  Frak them all.
Designed for the tech employee who feels their creativity is stifled by working on mundane coding or trouble shooting networks, and riding off of the Star Wars rift (rebel alliance fighting empire kind of thing), this show doesn't offer anything new or unique.  The theme here is that if that tech/computer-person, who is likely a sci-fi fan, is feeling down in the dumps about his job, then the solution is to hook up with some hottie to "fight the system":  Or, in lay-speak, get a woman to make your life feel easier.That's not such a bad message, but it's nothing new, and it's tiring.  That, and the the humor is predictable and fairly flat.  Maybe it's because I'm an older viewer who's heard all the jokes, or maybe it's because as a science fiction fan I didn't find a whole lot of science in this fiction and didn't think the setup all that unique, but I didn't so much as grin at any of the humor.Well acted, well animated, good concept drawings, well staged, I'm sure this program will find a niche audience, but it feels a little spartan in the writing department (that, and drop the space nazi at the five minute mark who hands out the cyanide capsules...or make him something other than a paranoid Bavarian knockoff).It's not a production I would back.
i've watched 3 episodes of this season. Don't care for it anymore.  the violence is unrelenting, the attitudes towards wen are more and more caveman like. I don't like the Vato angle, though Jimmy Smits is great, and I am not huge fan of his. I dunno... once Opie died and Otto bit off his tongue, i think that was the end for me. The violence doesn't seem to have a point, it just seems to be for the glorious sake of violence. Otto being sodomized doesn't further the storyline. and Jax screwing the madam takes away his last remaining redeeming feature: his loyalty to Tara. Sorry, but you lost this watcher.
Even though I don't usually enjoy animated series, I thought I'd give this a viewing.  The show was silly, the characters a bit too stereotypical, and the animation wasn't the best.  But I think the main probelm was I am not the right demographic, too old probably.  this will probably appeal to a younger audience.
Haven't seen Leverage? Besides the fact that Hutton has become deliciously scruffy and grey, the entire cast is absolutely adorable and fun, and each episode is a wondrous land where these clever thieves, grifters, heavies and computer geeks overcome evil in some exciting, grandiose way. If only life were like this, if only we all had our own team with which we could fight the injustices around us. Oh well, let's watch some TV.
I've tried to like this show - really.  But it feels like recycled Friends with a bit of Seinfeld thrown in. It is just not original and, thus, hard to "buy in" as in "all in" to.
For the first few episodes, my wife and I were really enjoying it. Then, well, it dawned on us that the FBI was more stupid about things than we would have been, or any cops on any TV show we've ever seen would've been, or even Barney Fife would've been. They don't screen people to see who has visited the villain, which would sort of be an easy thing to do. It would give them a short list of suspects, wouldn't it?They have a never-ending string of folks to serve the same purpose as the red shirts on away teams for the original Star Trek series. Hanging out with Ryan is certain death for any character you've never seen before. Bad guys show up everywhere. 90% of the people Ryan has ever spoken to seems to be a part of this cult... yet they won't just scour the prison visitor logs? Half of the law enforcement community seems to be in the cult. It didn't take long for this to get to be a bit silly.Finally, some members of the cult itself are portrayed as "Constitutional Radicals". There is a "Don't Tread on Me" flag on the wall of the cult's training camp. Seriously? This show is about people who love the US Constitution who happen to really like to kill people? Where did that come from? It's nonsense, and it is the straw that broke the camel's back for me.I love the acting and the casting is awesome. Too bad the writers haven't the brains to make the story credible and to keep their socialistic bias in check.
John Goodman sold out to the right wing nuts for this series.  How could they expect anyone other than the Republican, extreme right to tune in to a weekly series?  They might as well have had Rush Limbaugh in the cast.  Put this on FOX TV.  Why try to politicize a series which is so obviously one-sided.  Bring back West Wing and trash this one.
It is watchable but very contrived and brings on the yarns. The story lines are feeble and the characters weak.
It is still early in the season yet to make a full judgement on the series but for what I saw in the first episode I liked it and thought it has the potential to go farther than expected.  I hope it does because the first episode piqued my curiosity about what will come next.
Not that good. Good acting and some big actors but all and all a weird show. Raised some interesting question in the pilot but don't think I would stick around to find them out.
I have in the past really liked Timothy Olyphant (like in Deadwood), and I found earlier seasons of Justified kinda entertaining. Olyphant has the ability to play a straight-arrow hero in a unique and wonderful way. The trouble with Justified is that he has become less and less heroic. He doesn't stand for anything, anymore. He seems just like the low-lifes he pursues, except he's got a badge. Nothing important is at stake - just whether the addicts of Harlan County get their fix. I say leave them alone with their devices, Raylan. Oh, and do we have to put up with a whole new helping of overdone evangelical crap? We've already seen all this in the first season. False preaching can only divert us for so long. I wish they would transplant Raylan Givens to some city where some dastardly plot is afoot that actually matters to somebody. Get him out of the backwoods, please! And make him a bit serious, not just a facetious lout who can't stay out of trouble.
I absolutely loved GRAVE ENCOUNTERS. I would place it high in the ranks of my films that came out the year it was released and include it in my list of top notch horror films of all times. For me it hit every note exactly right. Not so with the follow up film which fails more often than it succeeds, the usual problem with most sequels.If you haven't seen the original it revolves around a ghost hunters' type program that we find is more staged than reality. In that film the terror rises when they discover that the ghost are indeed real and that they prevent the crew from ever leaving unless they're placed in a body bag. It offered some truly scary moments and a general sense of unease that prevailed from start to finish.The reason for its failure can be seen in the majority of the opening sequence which takes up perhaps the first half of the film. Instead of a professional crew we have a student film maker who along with his friends spends most of his time getting drunk and trying to have sex. When he begins to look into the disappearance of the original crew he eventually talks his group into seeking out the abandoned hospital and investigating it on their own. The problem is that the majority of film time here involves them partying and swearing like sailors as opposed to furthering the story along. The whole opening segment feels like wasted film and time and something to just fill out the story instead of add to it.When the group finally gets to the hospital they're confronted by a guard who prevents them from entering. But this is a determined group and they eventually find their way in. When the guard enters to pull them out things begin to happen starting with the guard's death. Frightened and unable to leave, the group searches for a way out just like their predecessors did. It's not until later in the film that they stumble across the sole survivor of the original film, the host of the show, who has been trapped here for years. Can they escape with his help even though he hasn't been able to all this time?That's the sort of stupid question that comes up in this film. The scares that we see are this time around more predictable than the first time even though there are some creepy moments to be seen. But the sense of discovery found the first time around is lacking this time and the whole initial sequences do nothing but make you want to reach for the fast forward button rather than wait until something happens.I don't think I can even give this film an A for effort since it seems like so little effort went into making this a good picture. It feels like someone realized they had a cult hit on their hands and decided to keep the ball rolling rather than take the time to add something to the story. Sure the part with the old host adds something but at the sake of dead air time (no pun intended) prior it isn't worth it. Sorry but I can't recommend this movie to anyone, including fans of the first film.
Opens with a very intriguing premise: Identical twin brothers born 10 years apart. One, a troubled young man and the other, a serial killer. Can investigators locate and stop the killer by studying the younger brother? Is the younger brother trying to investigate his new found fraternal relationship or is he discovering the path to madness?Tim Hutton delivers another solid, if uninspired, performance. And Mguel Ang&eacute;l Silvestri does a decent job as Marco - the young man who may hold the key to the creation of and hunt for a serial murderer.There were a few things that made this stumble from very interesting into dullsville.First the plot. While presenting us with a fairly interesting concept, with heavy impressions taken from Follet's 'The Third Twin' notwithstanding, the film lacked the requisite cold darkness for movies of this genre; the sense of consistent impending dread.Secondly, the deaths were, and I mean no casual disrespect to the idea of murder, but they were quite benign in movie terms. Serial offenders are freaks and their acts unspeakable horrors. However, the killer in this film seems quite tame when compared to real-life terrors like Gacy, Gein, or movie monsters like John Doe in 'Seven'. The lack of creativity subtracted from the drama considerably.Thirdly, the film has the pacing and cinematic quality of a tv movie, quickly becoming fairly predictable and stale. Scenes in these types of productions should be done from a limited color palette - varying sepias and high contrast shots tend, in my opinion, to present the best stage for the genre.And finally, the inappropriate selection of Tania Sarrias as Hutton's romantic interest. Lacking screen presence only makes her awful command of English that much more noticeable. Combined with that toothy mug and hoarse voice - it's no understatement to say she was uninviting as a co-star. And most importantly, her character failed miserably to delve into the crux of the film: Could she, as a psychiatrist, uncover a killer from the genetic twin who did not grow up in the same environment his older brother?There are many beautiful and talented Spanish actresses that I can think of who could've easily done this role justice. So once again it becomes a game of 'Who Shagged Whom?'. Would not surprise me to discover Tania Sarrias was the girlfriend of one of the executive producers at the time of production.Overall, a pedestrian rental to pass the time.
I know now why I have no reason to visit GA.They have the most illiterate, embarrassing and dehumanizing, uneducated women/men on this show.These women are obviously ignorant and Nene is the top of the class dumbest, waste of humanities life on the show.TOTALLY DISAPPOINTING.
This show is one of the best Bones has produced, but I have to complain that I bought this video for my library and it came with commercials for the channel that airs it.  What???  I shouldn't have to watch commercials on videos I bought.  That is so incredibly LOW.  This is my last purchase for a wonderful show on a terrible channel.  It starts AND ends with commercials.  If you can figure out a way to strip them out, please share.
Good information, interesting subject matter, just seems like it could be a little more exciting.  Excellent choice, though, for educational family viewing.
A mysterious woman Celeste (Eva Longoria) hires three redneck outlaw brothers Brick (Clayne Crawford), Lincoln (Daniel Cudmore) and McQueen Oodie (Travis Fimmel) to rescue her kidnapped godson Rob (Thomas Brodie-Sangster). And she pays 5,000 dollars up front. The Oodie brothers, running out of money, are ready to accept. The problem is, though they are able to get the boy, an army of hired thugs stand in the way before their mission is completely over."The Baytown Outlaws" directed and co-written by Barry Battles (his feature debut) starts out promisingly. And you know, the villain is played by always reliable Billy Bob Thornton. Sadly, the role doesn't give him much to work on. The same can be said about the character played by Zo Bell, though both players are doing their best. Eva Longoria doesn't have much to do.The film's bloody and over-the-top shoot-outs didn't bother me much. Neither did the stereotypical descriptions of the characters, which I think is intentional. Some may compare this with Tarantino and "Mad Max" movies. I am not sure the comparison is valid; violent as they are, directors like Quentin Tarantino and George Miller have distinct styles in dialogue and action, which are missing in "The Baytown Outlaws." In fact, "The Baytown Outlaws" takes itself too seriously in its final act, posing philosophical questions which few of us would be interested in.With a weak subplot about a local sheriff (Andre Braugher) and an ATF agent (Paul Wesley), "The Baytown Outlaws" slowly loses its steam despite several interesting oddball characters. The movie is enjoyable, but it could have been more so with a better script.
This shows takes about 4 breaks and at each return totally recaps the entire previous segments.  Not just with talking but showing all the houses they've already seen, over and over and over again.  After each break we hear about the couple, why they are looking for a new house, what are their needs, why they liked and disliked the previous house.  The result is that you don't spend much time seeing the actual houses.  This was a great idea for a show, part travel show.  But I couldn't stand all the recaps.
Do not waste your money on this one! Not worth it for $8 rent! Better wait for it on Netflix.
The story line is getting more interesting BUT way too much unnecessary gore!  Not sue why they feel the need to directly show all that.
This show had a lot of good ideas, but it's spoiled by poor writing, continuity errors, sloppy plotting, and they've got way too much machina in their deus. There's also way too much boy band drama, especially now that Sam and Dean are in their thirties. It's too bad really, because it's been a long time since we had a good spooky TV show.
I loooooove JRM, but couldn't get into this show.  His &#34;American accent&#34; is not believable AT ALL, and the acting is pretty horrid.  I miss Tudors...  :-(
The whole story and series was rather dull and predictable. The last five episodes were far more engaging and built up to something but the series was not renewed. The sub stories of a sheriff's romance with a gambling casino moll and the son's romance with a movie starlet were ludicrous and poorly acted. Don't waste your time.
It would be better if they didn't argue so much!  It's that macho man thing men have going on.  I am better than you so I need to kick you when your down.I liked it at first, but their attitudes really get old after a while.  You want to just tell them to grow up or shut up.
The story is predictable, but I found myself drawn into it.  No mystery if you have any imagination you will see where it's headed, but enjoyable at the same time.  More time developing the main character would of been nice.
As this was a major motion picture release, with considerable star power, I'm surprised there are so few reviews written here. Be that as it may this is a good show. It's an interesting story, based on an unsolved case, and the film makers are pointing fingers.Here's the scoop. Ryan Gosling plays the stoner son of a prominent New York family who owns a lot of sleazy property in mid-town Manhattan. He meets a girl (Dunst) who is "not one of them" and they marry. He's not into the family business but is drawn back in and does low level collecting of money from their various nefarious property owners. She wants a kid. He doesn't. He's unbalanced due to witnessing the suicide of his mom as a child. Next thing you know, Dunst is Missing (dead) and he does his best to disappear.This is a good movie. Not great. But it has so much going for it it reads well. First off are the performances. With Gosling, Dunst and Langella as the main three characters, the acting is great. Kristen Wiig is good but her role is very small. Phillip Baker Hall does his usual great character part. All the secondary characters hold their own as well. As the movie spans the years from 1971 to (I believe) 2008, great attention is payed to sets, wardrobe, hair styles, music, etc. It's a very interesting story as the producers/writer/director are saying how things went down even though the case has never formally been solved.Gosling's character is not right in the head. You get hints of this throughout the movie, but in one scene, where he goes over the edge is truly unnerving. Dunst plays a Vermont girl who likes her new life but realizes things are going south. Seeing her as an innocent who takes up smoking and cocaine is interesting. Langella plays the blue-blood snob to the hilt.As I mentioned, This has a lot going for it. It might not be the best movie in circulation, but it's well worth the time I spent on it.
I personally think there are better family and educational cartoon shows out there for young children. This isn't a program that is watched very often at our house.
Loved the first season, seems to be all over the place this season, as she brings in all these random &#34;friends&#34; of hers, as if she's just giving them jobs (literally and figuratively) Mindy Kaling is a hoot, but the show is starting to lose it's shine for me. I'm aware it's a TV SHOW but, she's s dr and essentially functioning alcoholic, but still can find time to somehow be an amazing OB/GYN? There's more than one occasion where every single doc in that practice would be considered completely unable to perform the most uncomplicated delivery--they're always hung over or actively partying.
Under the Dome is chock full of shallow, unbelievable, stereotypical characters. Heavy handed writing. Cliched groan worthy dialogue. MADE FOR TV is practically written all over it.What do we have here? It's hard to impart just how bad this is without watching it, so here are a few choice moments.Nice college kid turns psychopath in one instant. No build up. No character development. Just a switch going off. I don't think so.Beautiful married woman invites iffy looking stranger home. I do not think so.Kids are dropping and having "seizures". Dramatic and utterly fake.Teenager runs to sheriff and says sheriff sheriff, help. Now we're back to the 1950s. Kids don't talk like that. His sister works in a diner. Yawn. Parents trapped elsewhere. "We're on our own". Oh no!! Um, you're like 15 and 17 or so. Deal with it.Female deputy who looks almost exactly like the deputy from Eureka. At first I thought: why is Erica Cerra typecasting herself? But no, it's not her. The problem? I don't know, it's just odd.It's not the 80's any more. We've had the Sopranos, Fringe, Game of Thrones and recently House of Cards from Netflix, to name but a few well known shows. We've seen depth and amazing production values, high quality cinematography, Shakespearean level acting. We've seen deep, complex, multilayered shows.And then we see this. What is this? Why is this? Why make something so dull? What for?
The radio station hostage script has been done a few times before - some with funny intent, some tragic. This script started out with a bit of creative dialogue such as the following, which I enhanced a bit: "Easy way to solve their problems, Judaism & Islam, is to merge the two and they can gang up (declare war) on what they both hate - pigs; we'll call it Jislam."Well, from that high point onward it was just stereotypic narcissistic, self-aggrandizement and predictable, railing against the boss, hostage taking.What made the movie really uncomfortable is knowing in the back of my mind all the hostage taking with tragic consequences that have recently occurred in schools in the US and in countries such as Nigeria and Iraq. The plot makes light of all, similar events - difficult to justify a script knowing all of that.
A guy gets back from 5 years stranded on an island, and he says to his sister, "you were there the whole time?" Don't wait until the 7th episode to figure out this is a dumb chick-flick. Crappy acting, cookie-cutter cliches and nonsensical plot.
Although hopes are raised by some parts of the opening episode, rather like the opening of Gladiator, the episode and the series rapidly discards its potential for excellence and becomes a humdrum piece of nonsense.  Reminiscent of Nicholas &#34;one expression&#34; Cage, the lead actor does little except adopt his Blue Steel face and look knowingly heroic and invincible through the rest of the series of implausible confrontations, illogical  plot sequences and anachronistic feminist episodes.  They may have got the haircuts right but the larger representation of the Viking style and culture is laughably misunderstood and misrepresented by standard plot mechanisms that could be transported to any age,such as the lone hero/Roman/detective/office worker who stands up to the one-dimensional evil boss/lord/king/Caesar, while supported by the strong woman and the loyal side kick, proving others wrong at every turn and always being right in his single-minded and, again. one dimensional righteousness.  Abnormally disappointing.
I thought I would like this show because it had a good cast but I found it very difficult to get into with a sluggish plot. I guess it plays well for a limited audience
Love the team (Big Bang Theory) behind the show but the show has no where to go.  I am bored.
I got the pilot episode of The Cape for free on Amazon Video on Demand. I watched it. I'll try almost anything once.Once is too much.The story is about a good cop who gets framed by the evil owner of a gigantic corporation/crime syndicate. Since he is assumed to be dead, he cannot go back to his wife or son - though, in a maudlin moment, he visits the boy while the boy is sleeping. There should have been a puppy and some kittens.At the burial service for him, the cop watches from behind a tree, about as difficult to spot as the Washington Monument in DC. Somehow, though, all the police, whom one assumes to be alert and vigilant, miss his presence.Anyway, somehow, and I really do not understand how or why, he gets involved with a circus that seems to have about six members. They seem to perform before a similar number of people. Sets are not a strong point. He performs by battling a small person (ok - dwarf) of extraordinary fighting ability and numerous tattoos.The circus is run by a large black guy whose overacting is great enough to be the converse of Keanu Reeves, if Reeves were actually trying to act. The black guy is a master magician, and he trains the ex-cop to use a cape formerly used by a now departed magician - the magic is fake, but it is allowed to seem almost real to the audience in the course of the episode. Since he used to read a comic called "The Cape" to his son to put him to sleep, the ex-cop assumes the identity of "The Cape." This might put you to sleep.The bad guy has a British accent and occasional not human eyes, and he has been committing crimes in costume, even though he is the head of a huge conglomerate. For sheer fun, one presumes. These are the crimes pinned on the ex-cop. They are designed to force "the city" to privatize its police force by turning it over to his corporation, which the city promptly does. Global domination to follow.The circus members are either committed to destroying the bad guy or become immediately so dedicated, and the Cape and they rob banks belonging to the corporation.The evil overlord's head henchman turns out to be the Cape's former best friend and police partner, who framed him because Mr. Evil threatened to harm his family. He is, however, not a happy henchman. In these sorts of bad movies/shows, having a family is a definite no-no.I don't know who any of the actors were, but none of them were very good, except for the little person who has some comic flair.The show is half serious and half camp/cartoon and occasionally funny. It is not a good mix, and the bad acting, silly plot and low-budget production values seal its fate. It becomes boring.
For as long as I watched it was mostly a one woman monolog. I got bored watching her react to noises in the background and talking to herself.
Good grief girls grow up!!!!! You are putting Chicago in a horrible light, We  watched only because we are from Chicago, but we couldn't stop laughing  their antics were crazy.  Leah and Wolf were my favorites. Love the faces that Renee makes.
Didn't care for the claymation aspect.  Too much unnecessary swearing, it's as if it were added just to appeal to an immature viewing audience.  Characters not interesting - bordering on annoying.
One of the most precious atributes that distinguishes us from any other species is our ability to empathize with our fellow man.I was barely able to get through the first episode of THE FOLLOWING, at which point I decided I would not be able to bear the agony of continuing to watch -- and vicariously experience -- the gut-wrenching terror of one person after another being so realistically tortured, then brutally murdered.Shameless, unpardonable trash, which can only serve as "creative" inspiration for the most deviant among us.
Well...all that (SPOILER ALERT)For an Alien SquidWow...kind of a big let down...and the rental cost was WAYYYYY too much for this garbage.
This season is simply not as good as the previous ones. While the previous seasons were excentric and wild, in a most unusual way, here the attempts to go for gross-outs actually spolis the humour. The cast is great as the bunch of low-lifes who run Paddy's bar in Philadelphia but while there was acrazy funny side to the humour, now it is simply crazed. Danny De Vito was allways a problem because his character is not likeable at all in this series. The titles of the episodes say all: Mac and Charlie Die, Who Pooped the bed, Sweet Dee has a heart attack.... It does simply not hold up to the standards of the first seasons, which were irreverent funny. The worst bar in Philadelphia episode is the best and goes quite over the top with the gang kidnapping a restaurant reviewer for sacking their pub. The live performance featurette is good. there are still som funny moments but you will be better off starting with seasons 1 and 2.
It had me up until the demon appeared. Also, I do not see how they will flesh out the plot and the Revolution comparisons.
Com'on people. We have all the CSI's, USA shows, justified, list goes on and on. Show is predictable and is more at home on a cable television channel
This show is simply a copy of the &#34;Chopped&#34; series format. It does not have the judge panel, kitchen set-up or drama intensity that is a hallmark of Chopped. It was hard for me, as a Chopped fan, to give even on star to Chef Wanted.
Great idea to try bringing a very real subject to the screen.  However my house can not watch it because of all the nudity and the language.  If this is the type smut someone wants to watch then they should just subscribe to HBO.  Shame on Amazon on taking a subject like this and turning it into such a filthy environment that it can not be watched in mixed company with teenagers.  Or shame on anyone who thinks this show is appropriate for their family and their teenagers.  Clean it up Amazon and then perhaps it would be ok.
I do remember commenting at its end that it was a decent watch.  Obviously, once is enough. So enough said.
Yet another idiotic time waster. Bunch of inept, sensitive, and earnest bakers, baking crappy cupcakes for glory. Gimme a break!
I think the show could be improved a whole lot. The ladies get into a fight and the cameras capture every angle - just goofy quick shots with funky camera angles. This is an obvious and overused method to simulate fights without having to choreograph the action or use stunt personnel. You can't for a moment suspend belief.This demonstrates how the show is organized. It's a certainty that even the smallest arguments are scripted. Simulated drama was unnecessary. Meaningful drama would have emerged with more filming and editing (i.e., a bigger production budget).These are all smart ladies. They are not glib like this in real life - the opposite. It's difficult for me to continue watching more than ten minutes at a time despite my liking each of the women.Nevertheless, there are redeeming aspects. The way the ladies talk probably couldn't be highly scripted. They talk like their fathers and uncles from the Outfit. They use old expressions that still capture meanings and convey not only street smarts but a little old world wisdom.Too bad the women are presented as high-maintenance brawlers. Unfortunately, what these women can tell us from their experiences has been caricatured.
while this wasn't my typical kind of sitcom, a little too edgy for me, it was still funny enough that I was willing to watch. Then it 'jumped the shark' with really crude language, as is typical with sitcoms these days. Apparently the writers mistake crude and graphic language for humor or else they assume the viewer won't know the difference. Sad.
The only thing I can say positive about Storage 24 is that the alien monster is great. It's an old fashion rubber monster man-in-a-suit kind of thing. But in this modern age, such a cheesy effect is bound to turn more people off than to win them over. And this is without a single doubt the best part of this agonizingly bad, cheaply made grade B with a minus British made mix of sci-fi and horror. A barrage of misogyny and stupidity that follows is bound to please only least demanding of paying customers, which I hope there are few.It all starts off with the slight twinkle of promise as an unexplained alien monster is on the loose inside of a storage unit. Also on the loose is a hand full of employees and patrons who are inexplicably trapped inside the storage facility with our guest from another world.So far, so good, but that's all about to change. because in no time at all, Storage 24 becomes a terrible prime time soap with a slimy monster who seems to change size given the requirements of any given scene. Sometimes he's human size, others he seems to tower above them. And this is only the beginning of this movies faults.Storage 24 was written by actors Noel Clarke and Marc Small, along with Davie Fairbanks, it is surprising in it's lack of good roles for just about anybody. The characters are simple one dimensional, obnoxious and unlikable. All the female roles are self-center, treacheras bitches. The men, self-loathing cowards.The acting is just shy of dismal. Not one of the cast members manage to give any substance to their roles, a few of them look like they would rather be home watching telly, which you can`t blame them. Leading lady Antonio Campbell-Hughes is a new kind of low for any actor who is not a professional athlete or musician making there way intro film.Given this material, one could imagine a very funny movie from Simon Pegg, Nick Frost and Edgar Wright, but alas, it is not meant  to be. Storage 24 is ungodly stupid, uninspired and worst painfully dull. Little more than a sub par retread of many other similar movies, some better, few not. The one that Storage 24 most resembles is that great summer turkey the Watch, perhaps my least favorite movie of last year. Yes, the kind of movie we all want to see more of. Showing that it isn't just us yanks who are creatively bankrupt.There is an appalling lack of interest here and zero energy to sustain the long 87 minute running time. Director Johannes Roberts, behind the gladly unseen DTD flicks like Hellbender and Forest of the Damned, clearly has no eye for the camera. Shot in a single location, not only does that let you know it's cheap, it just looks it and feels it even more. Roberts has given us an amateur hour and a half here. You wont be able to believe such a movie is still released into American cinemas. Even going in with low expectations,  you will be astonished at how low they would have had to have been.In my original review for Movie Zone, I gave this stinker a half of a star, but amazon wont let me do that. They should allow me an exception, they don't understand the pain I went through sitting through this.read my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
Well first I'm not so sure that I like Clara ... maybe she'll grow on me. Also, I was disappointed that I had to &#34;resubscribe&#34; to Part 2 of season 7 since I was already signed up and was enjoying what is now Part 1 -- although I had no idea the season was going to be split like that, I was just expecting a brief delay or hiatus during the December/January break. I'm still a GREAT fan of the show and will keep watching!!
It was a awful lot of flashback in the in this first episode; I almost gave up seriouly. It got me to thinking is this a apocalypse or what? So for the most part it started out pretty slow. I'm all for post apocalypse movies, or especially something; I can believe that would actually take place no matter if it's super natural or not. But, I can see why this show didn't get picked up for it's next season to many flashbacks the 2nd episode same thing.
Interesting basic concept with a poor use of flashbacks.  Those flashbacks or back story is important to the overall plot but they are too split up & incomplete after only 1 episode.  This is 'niche' programming that would not have survived a regular television season.  It will be interesting to see the ratings as the series progresses
It's difficult to process Lars von Trier's &#34;Nymphomaniac Vol. I&#34; and it's not because it's impossible to comprehend. It mostly lies within the way the film is written, separated into two parts, and its tendency to focus on some of the vilest human beings on the entire planet.Before the knowledgeable yet naive Seligman (Stellan Skarsgard) discovers the beaten and unconscious Joe (Charlotte Gainsbourg) in the alleyway behind his home, &#34;Nymphomaniac Vol. I&#34; has a very slow opening that shows the beauty of falling snow and the innocence of trickling rainfall. The film then jumps into its first misuse of music as Rammstein suddenly explodes onto the film's soundtrack. Aside from the more orchestrated pieces, the music in both parts of &#34;Nymphomaniac&#34; is way too loud and nearly destroys whatever atmosphere the film had attempted to establish up to that point.Joe has been very sexual her entire life. In a nutshell, the &#34;Nymphomaniac&#34; films are a retelling of Joe's life as she narrates her story to Seligman; a man who has parallels to every nasty sexual act Joe partakes in yet never gets excited or mentions sex himself. The film is labeled as a drama and you really can't digest it as anything else since there's nothing comedic or horrific about it. It may be fairly adventurous but only as far as exposed genitalia or sexual acts are concerned.&#34;Nymphomaniac Vol. I&#34; isn't rated by the MPAA, but pushes the boundaries of what would otherwise be an NC-17 rating and is practically pornographic at times. The film shows a plethora of full frontal nudity of both sexes, plenty of graphic sex scenes, and oral sex on a train that is incredibly realistic and doesn't shy away from any explicit content. More complex visuals are shown at times involving mathematical equations, diagrams, and even a jigsaw puzzle.Joe brings up her father's (Christian Slater) influence that culminates with him deteriorating in a hospital bed while filling his surroundings with feces as Joe watches and has sex with every man in the hospital. She speaks of Jerome (Shia LaBeouf), which is the closest she's ever been to actually being in love and yet Jerome is verbally and physically abusive between egotistical spurts of self-worth. Joe even mentions Mrs. H (Uma Thurman), a scorned wife who berates Joe in front of her three children for Joe's sexual choices and has an emotional breakdown right there on the spot.The film is mostly Joe trying to come to terms with who she is. She claims she isn't a good person and is just trying to fill a void that is incapable of ever getting enough. &#34;Nymphomaniac Vol. I&#34; is a fascinating spin on the perspective of an addict who has never gotten the proper treatment. Joe bitterly reflects back on her life with no remorse while Seligman's parallels about fishing add bizarre yet meaningful commentary. &#34;Nymphomaniac Vol. I&#34; strips sex of its romance and its intimacy and overloads the act with nothing but pure lust.
The film starts out as a family moves once again. Single alcoholic mom (Mira Sorvino) has three children and can't hold a job. Sisters Sandra (Abigail Breslin) and Beth (Georgie Henley) dream of the idea life, one where mom bakes strawberry cupcakes. Mom turns their dreams into nightmares with a train of abusive boyfriends, the latest of which has designs for Beth. The girls conspire along with two friends to make their lives better by eliminating the problem.Georgie Henley gave us a decent goth Fairuza Balk while Abigail Breslin was our slutty Barbie Doll. The film developed at the right pace and was fairly decent for the first hour, until the deed was done. At that point it moves rapidly and falls apart.The film is made for Lifetime fans of true stories. This one should do as a Redbox rental with low expectations.Parental Guide: F-bombs. No sex or nudity.
It looks like it could be funny, and would have a backing. It's not my cup off tea, but I'm sure It could have a backing, but it has to decide on whether it's a comedy or a indie show, I felt a little confused from  the start, I can't find where this show fits into my life. But It was enjoyable. Maybe better as a TV movie or on abc family channel minus the drugs.
Very much like the original Scared Straight. I'm not sure the younger kids in trouble really fall for all the &#34;Hard Timers&#34; antics that they see on the tour, but it seems like a worthwhile effort to turn kids in trouble around.
Martin, a doctoral student in mathematics, comes to Oxford hoping to snag the famous mathematician and philosopher Arthur Seldom as his doctoral thesis supervisor. He is rebuffed and humiliated. He decides to leave Oxford. As Martin enters the home of Mrs. Eagleton, from whom he rents rooms, he meets Seldom again, also entering. They both find the old lady dead in her chair. At first she seems to have died of advanced cancer. But then a small discrepancy points to clever murder.In The Oxford Murders, this odd sequence happens to two others... plausible deaths then slight signs of purposeful corpse-making. Before Martin (Elijah Wood) and Seldom (John Hurt) fully realize the implications, they are joined together in a search for the serial murderer. One thing they realize soon: The murderer is almost as clever a mathematician as they are. And math, as it was nearly for me in high school, can be the death of a person.Here's what I mean: The theory of logical series, Wittgenstein's Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus, Bormat's (read Fermat's) Last Theorem and, of course, the divine number. Eventually we learn the truth...and a clever, twisted truth it is. For a good deal of the movie I didn't have any idea what Professor Seldom and Martin were talking about. Still, I enjoyed the movie much more than I thought I would. "In real life," says Seldom, "any decision has irreversible consequences." I decided to watch and now I have a movie I learned to like.I liked The Oxford Murders particularly because the dialogue was dense. (A couple of skin scenes weren't bad either.) The audience was expected to keep up even if people weren't sure what they were trying to keep up with. There was a presumption of at least some intelligence, with numbers, symbols, verbal illustrations and philosophical questions for us to play with. Some might call this boring. I got lost within 15 minutes, but enjoyed every minute in the maze. Much of that pleasure was watching and listening to that extraordinary actor, John Hurt, with bags under his eyes as big as satchels and a face as wrinkled as a corrugated cardboard box. Elijah Wood was quite good, too, with those big, transparent blue eyes as weird as marbles.Two other actors stand out in relatively small roles. Anna Massey is both sad and unlikable as Mrs. Eagleton. Dominique Pinon is notable as the father of a child who may die of cancer.Says Professor Seldom, "Since man is incapable of reconciling mind and matter, he tends to confer some sort of entity on ideas because he cannot bear the notion that the purely abstract only exists in our brain. The beauty and harmony of a snowflake, the butterfly that flutters its wings and causes a hurricane on the other side of the world. We've been hearing about that damn butterfly for decades but who has been able to predict a single hurricane? Nobody! Tell me something. Where is the beauty and harmony in cancer? What makes a cell suddenly decide to turn itself into a killer metastasis and destroy the rest of the cells in a healthy body? Does anybody know? No! Because we'd rather think of snowflakes and butterflies. Or Pain? War? So why? Because we need to think that life has meaning. That everything is governed by logic and not by mere chance. If I write 2, then 4, then 6, we feel good because we know that next comes 8. We can foresee it. We are not in the hands of destiny. Unfortunately however, this has nothing to do with truth. Don't you agree? This is only fear. Sad." You won't find this level of dialogue in movies about monkeys.In a happier mood, Professor Seldom also says this, "The only perfect crime that exists is not the one that remains unsolved, but the one which is solved with the wrong culprit."I liked this movie. Not many people did.
With all the excellent selections of video, I'm particular. This pilot didn't do it for me. Why? I can't put my finger on it, but perhaps the story was  not tight enough.
If you are extremely bored this is the show for you. People like this should be sent to a mental institution
It started off ok and then it became silly and predictable so my husband I decided not to continue watching it.  The acting was ok but the story line well you can figure it out right away.
As MST3k is sort of show within a show within a movie format, I like to review the sections of the episode before giving it a grade.The movie: Actually the movie is a very well made '50's horror movie.  This is a rare MST3k movie where the suspenseful moments create a sense of dread. The acting is great and Forrest Tucker makes an excellent leading man.  If this movie was on late at night, I could see myself watching it - and enjoying it.Segments: Hit or miss. The last few with the 'bots are funny.Riffs: The riffs are funny but there are not a lot of them. I guess at this point I should point out that this is the first episode shown coast to coast.  The movie is great and the segments aren't too bad but you can really see the growing pains with the riffing.  If (like me) you started watching MST3k in the later years, the riffing is painfully lacking.Overall: Not a bad episdoe. Great movie but the lack of riffs hurts.  Obviously this is required viewing for MST3k fans but I would suggest that other people should start someplace else.Other: As mentioned, this was the first episode broadcasted nation wide! MST3k was still a work in process during Season I and it really shows with a slow riffing pace. Later fans (like me) will also be thrown by this and by the bot voices.***NOTE:  I originally posted this review on Netflix.
Update: I have to laugh at the people who found this review "not helpful." They think everyone has to agree with them.  Still don't want Hollywood imposing their political views on everyone.If this show took on both political parties I might have watched more than 15 minutes of it. I don't want politics in the shows I watch.
The rest of the cast--really weak. I'll grant that the script gave them nothing to work with, but Freeman always rises above his material. I'm thinking this went straight to video.
Still good, but disappointing.  I wish they would not have tried to keep with the &#34;lightbulb&#34; gimmick -- when someone says something and it just &#34;clicks&#34; for them.  Love the cast, though.
As a fan of The Onion I had high hopes for this but it let me down big time.  The best part of the whole things was the girl reading the news over the closing credits.  Other than that it just seemed like a bunch of scenes spliced together from other "zany" comedies.Besides, isn't a spoof of television news completely redundant given that Fox News is already on the air.
If you've seen many woods oriented found footage flicks, then you've kinda/sorta seen this one. Except this one is about Bigfoot. Despite 'Happy Camp" not being definitively about "Bigfoot", I imagined the creature as such.  Between the 2, this one has a better budget, and the hike shots are beautiful. However, 'Happy Camp', engaged me more. There was more tension, mystery, suspense, than this one had. What more do you need to know to help you decide if you should watch it? In this horribly dry time for horror freaks, even the strengths in this one did not satisfy the horror itch. But at least it had strengths, so I could not ding it to 2 stars.
The quote above is sang by Tim to the son he took from the Used Toilet Paper store owner. Yeah, the movie is extremely bizarre. Tim & Eric spent $1 Billion to make a 3 minute movie and have to make that money back by reopening a destroyed mall, or else. Right off the bat, most people will either love this movie or hate it. I was stuck in the middle.First of all, be warned that this movie is very disgusting. In the first 15 minutes you'll experience full-frontal male nudity (a piercing), dismemberment, vulgar language, and drug use. It gets worse from there. If you're fine with this, then you may ultimately be able to get through Tim & Eric. If you can't, then don't bother watching. The movie has plenty of funny jokes, although they do get repetitive; for example, the constant back and forth screaming/arguing gets annoying after a while, but Will Ferrell's winking segment was hilarious so that's one exception. And some jokes aren't funny at all. It's immature comedy so don't go in expecting something sophisticated or you'll be truly disappointed. The scene where Tim inspects and takes Jeffery was probably my favorite and so were the scenes that involved them. The ending is over-dramatic but hilarious as well. The biggest flaws are the long, drawn-out jokes that aren't very funny.With plenty of guest appearances, Tim & Eric's Billion Dollar Movie was able to give me a few laughs and keep me interested to the end. If you want to watch this movie, I recommend checking it out on Netflix Streaming or Amazon Prime video (available on both as of 6/19/12).
Not a film about true autism or real life  but makes for a good dramatic veheicle. I was tempted to switch it off but the film held my attention as allegory for fantasy identification as everyone's inner voice when we are trying to not to hurt others under pressure. Although there are those who could find Luke too effete to make it that far.My main complaint is to loose the fabulous grand-father way too early in the film. He was Luke's contrast and the perfect ham in a comedy duo. Crochety,  randy, down to earth and in despair over the humiliations of being old; it was a darn shame. Please take note he is not the only elderly person to drop like a fly once removed from his home and put in A Home. Good intentions on the part of relatives but it should only be a last resort. I have seen an alzeimer neighbour actually snap out of senility as i was leaving in a desperate attempt to convey her misery and she was dead within a month  .It happens too often.Despite its goodiness there is a suprising streak of cynacism that keeps the film afloat. Perhaps i was in the right mood to watch it at the time but it's really a 2 star.
Interesting, but not as good as I hoped it would be. Boring at times. And some unexplained answers at time.
This was basically the show Revolution immediately after the blackout with a Sci-Fi/Religous twist.  I was expecting so much more, but this left me sadly disappointed.  The only Pilot for 2014 that I would not watch if it went into production.
I watch a lot of their skits on youtube and I must say they are funny. My only issue is the way the show is put together. I don't want no introduction or monologue. Just feed me the damn cake!!
I first heard about ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW in a short article in ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY in the fall of 2013. After reading the article, it made me really eager to see the film: a movie that was secretly filmed at Disney&#8217;s amusement parks without their permission?! The movie is now available on DVD and recently I was able to finally watch it.Although it was secretly filmed at both Disney World and Disneyland, ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW is set at Disney World. The film centers around the character of Jim (Roy Abramsohm). Jim White and his family are on their last day of vacation at the &#8220;most magical place on Earth.&#8221; His wife and kids are getting dressed and ready for the day when Jim receives a telephone call from his boss informing him that he is fired. Jim is upset by the news, but decides not to tell his wife or kids anything because he doesn&#8217;t want to spoil their trip. While on the patio talking to his boss, Jim notices a strange white van below that is seen later on again in the movie. While on the patio, Jim&#8217;s son, Elliot (Jack Dalton) locks him out of the hotel room. These minor events foreshadow terrible things to happen later in the movie and it quickly becomes apparent that although they might appear like a typical American family, there are some serious issues with Jim&#8217;s family. Jim&#8217;s wife is domineering and berates her husband as though he is a tv sitcom dad. Jim, on the other hand, is clearly looking for some excitement in his life and his wandering eye catches the figure of two barely-teenage French girls. At least one of them seem infatuated by his gazes and Jim ends up following them throughout the park. As the movie progresses, it becomes more and more difficult to figure out exactly what is going on. The viewer isn&#8217;t sure if the things Jim sees are real or part of his imagination. They don&#8217;t know if Jim is on some kind of drugs, is just imagining, or is being mentally affected by a disease in his brain. The Small World creatures turn into horrific little imps with teeth, a person is beheaded, there&#8217;s a terrible terminal disease called Cat Flu that&#8217;s going around the park, and Jim is seduced (and maybe drugged) by a former Disney character princess. All the while the French girls come and go in so many places that it can&#8217;t possibly be coincidence. Viewers also discover that the Disney character princess are actually high-class hookers for Asian businessmen, that food that&#8217;s sold as turkey legs are actually emu legs, and that Epcot and the rest of the Disney parks are just one massive experiment in human social engineering.In terms of film making and cinematic achievement, ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW is notable for the guerilla-way that the movie was made. Although the movie is set at Disney parks, Disney had no association with the movie, The cast and crew dressed in tourist clothes, the cast&#8217;s scripts were available only through their smart phones, and sometimes the cast went through the same ride almost thirty times in one day. The director became so paranoid that the movie might be discovered by Disney before it was finished that he went to South Korea to edit it so there would be no leaks. It is a testament to the director&#8217;s skill and passion that the movie even exists.With that said, ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW is a terrible movie. The movie is marketed as a horror movie, but the only real horror of the film is its absurdity and nonsensicality. Jim spends the majority of his time in the film chasing around two barely-teenage French girls with the determination of a creeper out of a snuff film. There&#8217;s no explanation of who these girls are, what their purpose is, and why they are featured so much. The acting isn&#8217;t terrible, but (other than Jim&#8217;s daughter) there isn&#8217;t a character in the movie that is likeable. For instance, Jim is the central figure of the film but he&#8217;s not really a very likeable person: he stalks the French girls through the park like a crazy creeper, he yells at another creepy man on a scooter for no real apparent reason, he commits adultery while his daughter sleeps in the next room, and he never once compliments his wife. There is definitely some marital conflict between Jim and his wife, but the movie never addresses it and instead, like the news of his firing, it&#8217;s just not mentioned. Jim is kidnapped by a robot scientist, but it&#8217;s never made clear exactly what Jim was supposed to have done or what his part in this grand experiment was. There&#8217;s been some comparisons of ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW to David Lynch movies. There is a similar vibe there, but as weird as his projects often are, most Lynch movies at least have a discernible narrative that can be followed. There really is no narrative in ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW. After I finished watching the movie, I thought to myself, &#8220;What a waste.&#8221;ESCAPE FROM TOMORROW will always be remembered as a side note (the movie made at Disney that Disney didn&#8217;t know about) instead of the actual movie itself. As a movie, it&#8217;s an absurdist nightmare that lacks any real meaning and coherence.
Browsing through the Amazon catalog of streaming movies and saw this one and its ratings, so I took a peek at one of the episodes (can't remember now which one) and within just a few minutes of watching and fast forwarding I knew this particular video wasn't for me.  I have nothing really bad to say about it, actors, story, etc., just wasn't something that held my interest.
As the camera slowly moves in on Danny brushing his teeth, there, on the left side of the wall is a sticker of Dopey from Disney's Snow White and the Seven Dwarves. Later, after Danny is revealed by Toby some of the incidents that will occur at the Overlook Hotel, it would appear that the sticker is no longer there. The "theorist", by way of narration, explains that Danny is "no longer a dope". Yup, this theory and more abound in ROOM 237, a supposedly insightful, highly subjective, examination of Stanley Kubrick's The Shining.I was not really sure what to expect. Will I hear about symbolism? Hidden gestures by Kubrick to reveal the larger truth of the film? An explanation of the film itself and what some of the more mysterious moments meant? You will not be treated to any of these things that one might assume at face value. In fact, nothing that is "revealed" has anything to do with the movie. Apparently all of the theories relate to some outside dilemma that Kubrick (presumably) was grappling with and felt the need to embed these ideas in this film. Why that is the case no one answered.If anyone has seen the documentary Kubrick's Odyssey, they will well learn that Kubrick faked the moon landing for Nasa using the same effects as in 2001, and that, for keeping this a secret, he revealed clues laid out throughout the movie in this film. In ROOM 237, the same author retells much of that theory in this film so it might be redundant.Other theories regard its a film about the Holocaust, the genocide of the American Indians, or the mythological Minotaur. Or you just need to watch the film forward and backward simultaneously. All of these theories might be interesting on their own with no regard to content or context. Together they are just a mash of ideas with no thread in place. One even wonders if The Shining is a basis for their conclusions or if its just their own fanatical ideas being projected onto a very psychological playing field.It becomes clear that these 5 people who admire Stanley Kubrick's The Shining, know how to inspect the film and its intricate details, but do not seem to know how to watch a film. Or at least interpret properly the language of cinema. What they explain gives the view no insights into the film itself, nor of Stanley Kubrick. Beginning with the obvious, that Jack Nicholson's character slowly goes mad from isolation might be a good place to start to draw the viewer in their thinking. Instead we are slapped with obscure objects in the background that is faintly paid attention to by most casual viewers.Because of this, I cant help but feel that all these interpretations are complete non-sense and have no place in a serious discussion of the film. The film is almost a joke and I wonder if the director is exploiting these people who seriously believe in their theories? It would be sad that Kubrick's film was used to make such a joke by the director. If he believes anything these theorists propose, then the director needs to revisit a book on symbology. I can't recommend this film, but I suspect ardent Kubrick fans will want to see it and understandably so. If that is the case, then it is not a terrible viewing. Have a beer, friends and some good laughs.
Emile Hirsch and Stephen Dorff are brothers Frank and Jerry living in a Reno motel. When Jerry gets involved with a fatal car accident, the brothers have to run away from Reno, and travel to Elko, where Annie James (Dakota Fanning), a young girl Frank once loved, lives.&#8220;The Motel Life&#8221; is not a thriller. Producers-turned-directors Alan Polsky and Gabe Polsky (their feature debut) seem more interested in the precarious living of the brothers without dreams or future, than the accident and its aftermath. The brothers&#8217; dreary life, often symbolized by the cold streets, makes a great contrast with the animation section showing storytelling skills of one of the brothers.So far the film is fine, and the animation is pretty impressive, probably more impressive than the film&#8217;s main story, where not much happens in the comparatively short running time. To me, the story seems underwritten and sometimes disjointed, with flashbacks that do not allow us to know much about Frank, Jerry or Annie. Also, the episode of the car accident, which should have great impact on the life of brothers, is sidelined and eventually forgotten.Emile Hirsch and Stephen Dorff deliver solid performances. Kris Kristofferson is also fine though Dakota Fanning is wasted. &#8220;The Motel Life&#8221; is a decent drama with effective performances from the stars, but perhaps you should not expect much beyond that.
This cartoon is loud, obnoxious and lacks any educational value. I make my children turn it off when I'm around.
Jonathan Harker (Unax Ugalde) is employed by our old friend Count Dracula (Thomas Kretschmann) that has taken many forms in countless movies. The job is to catalog a library that any book lover would lust after.Little did Jonathan know that the count had ulterior motives and a design on Jonathan's wife, Nina (Marta Gastini.) Mean time back at the ranch (Oops village) local peasant girl Tanja (Miriam Giovanelli) who likes to show off her birthday suit becomes vampire chow and soon joins the undead. She's not bad looking but all we remember are her fangs that stand out from the rest of her accoutrements.We get a few more looks at the library of leather bound books and what is that on Nina's dress? No not blood but ink. Is it significant?People are being dispatched right the left. "Who you gonna call?" Yep it's Abraham Van Helsing himself (Rutger Hauer at 69 years old.) He is protected because he is a "cross" dresser. This gets the ex Lucy Kisslinger (Asia Argento) all "fired" up.Who will win in this eternal fight? Probably the person that rented the film instead of buying it.Be sure to watch the DVD extras to ad a dimension to the viewing experience. You get to see a Theremin.Options for English or Spanish subtitles.I wonder if those were real books and what they did with them after the movie?
The story always starts the same a dead body is somewhere and the detective comes in and solves the crime.But, I do like the story line about the detective and the nurse. I am waiting to see how they end.
This was not a bad pilot, but was not one that made me wanting to watch the next episode right away. It definitely has promise, and could develop into something good over time. They decided to blend in the fictional characters with the &#34;real world&#34; which could provide them some interesting possibilities for story telling and guest appearances. The Colbert guest appearance was a nice touch. Making &#34;Digger&#34; a Duke coach was perhaps a cross between an homage and a jab at Digger Phelps.
The new season is weird....its like they ran out of fairly interesting stuff so they are just inventing it now....beat that dead horse like the oc housewives.....create drama poorly.  Cant even pretend its semi real now...
The movie is okay. It started off weak by showing that the black man saying that he was innocence when it had appeared that he and his accomplish had broken into the police car plus he was carrying a assault weapon then he let loose his hostage. It could've started off a little better than that.How could the old lady maid get kidnap by those thugs if the power was down. How did they get pass the fench if the black guy had to ram the truck through it. Good luck.
I was really disappointed with the set up. Stock characters thrown together. Without the big reveal in the final seconds I would have no interest in seeing more.
Not a great film by any means. It is, in fact, the same old cliche' based on true events story. It doesn't really go anywhere. The characters, all of them, except the dog were flat and boring. Actually, the dog was pretty flat too. Based on the film, the marriage was doomed from the beginning and only got worse, but I didn't feel anything for any of the characters. The story and it's depiction was just sad and pathetic. But maybe that was the point.
Season One was fine.  There was a lot to learn about the characters, their back story, and the discovery process was interesting and fun.  In Season Two everything has slowed down and turned into a Soap Opera.  I find myself losing interest in the stories and characters.
A big Yawn. A standard police drama without an interesting hook. Titus Welliver is a wonderful actor that deserves stronger story lines.
I love the dynamics of this family. Each of them thinks they're the only one harboring a secret. It's definitely a look into how complicated family relationships can be.
So, I'm excited to see works from Chris Carter and I love Sci-Fi BUT I crave "Intelligent" writing. Everyone has seen this "type" of movie where the world ends etc.....zzzzz gets old fast. They need to jump into the creepy, science fiction aspect of why the events were taking place (instead of the focus on scenes of and people's stupid/irrational behavior) to make this show unique and different. They hinted at it but it's filled with boring human behavior!(*cough: I can watch "The Walking Dead" for that same crap). The other issue that warrants a 2 star review is the characters: they are shallow and predictable. Also, I am so TIRED of seeing the same old actor: Adrian Pasdar in every show from HERO's to the 4400. Geez..like there isn't any clean cut American guy type actors out there who could bring a new face for me to look at. Don't get me wrong, I like Adrian Pasdar for his accomplishments but bored of seeing him in almost EVERYTHING..Sci-Fi. Hire an original, Please!!! We want NEW FACES!! I encourage Amazon's attempts to compete with Netflix for original material but this is not it..
Just ok. not the best comedians to chose from, but this was free on prime, so I guess I got my money's worth :)
It had its moments, I admit. Watching the more sensible family members react to the less sensible ones was amusing, but only mildly. I like redneck humor as much as anyone, and I don't regret watching one episode to see what all the fuss is about, but I've no interest in seeing more. The trouble is, it's not clever. It's zany and a little perverse, but it has to be clever to keep me coming back. This show has a tremendous following, of course, so there's clearly an appetite for this stuff, but I've got better ways to spend my time. If I were more of a drinker, I'd probably enjoy getting sloshed with some friends and guffawing at these real-life millionaire hillbillies. But I thought a lot of what I was seeing was scripted, or at least heavily edited to make it come out a certain way. But then, that's my general impression of so-called reality shows, of which I'm not a fan.
I liked the everyday language used, but I would have preferred more actual field work.  The camera work was jerky at times, unnecessarily so it seemed to me, I suppose it was to make the viewer feel like being part of the action.  It just annoyed me.
Very slow.  Every thing was in their lives was drama.  Not a &#34;guy&#34; movie, generally speaking.Will kill two hours.
Vikings is a tamer Rome.  (given the station, it is understandable)We will start with the bad:The characters are sometimes hard to follow as they seem to want to try and break the stereotype mold.  The obvious villain stays obvious, but the obvious turncoat(s) turns out good, but then not so, then is so, then not so again.  It made it a little tough to cheer for a character or not.  You feel bad for them one minute, then they completely go against the grain for seemingly no reason.The relationships built between the initial raiding party are hinted at being tight but the show does not bother to explore them and instead uses the raiding party as fodder to fuel other storyline developments.  They work like expendable family members.The fight scenes are just not that good.  You can see the obvious scene stops in each fight sequence and the over-all choreography is just too slow.  The actors seem like they are afraid to actually HIT.  You don't see the &#34;fighting like demons&#34; aspect that is talked about.All of that said...  The Good.The story, for me, was compelling though obvious.  Its an interesting look into the life of Vikings while following a potentially fictitious hero, Ragnar.  (People still debate whether he was real or an amalgam of other Norse heroes)  His son, unlike Carl in the walking dead, is not an insufferable pain to see on screen, and his wife actually adds something to the story.  The customs and legends are great and interesting to follow up on in your spare time.  The acting is pretty good, though Travis Fimmel's facial expressions tend to confuse the situation.  That said, I do like the way he is playing Ragnar.For a first season, it is not bad and I will be tuning in for a second season when it finally drops.  It is not good enough to rave over, or to rush home to see at it's regularly scheduled time slot, but it is good enough to watch start to finish via Prime.  Hopefully the second season will delve a little deeper into the opening sequence and provide a little more of the raiding that is talked about so heavily in the first season.
I liked this show very much I am sorry it was never renewed by the BBC.  Maybe someone else is like me and the repetative noise (dare I call it music) all but ruins the show for me as I just want to run screaming from the room. Just as I get ready to do that it stops and I can enjoy the show again.  I really do like the show. The same bars of music playing over and over is not music. It is an annoyance.
I liked the picture art. G. Raff started off by being disrespectful for leaving his friend alone on stage and to talk about making compomises after the fact is distasteful.
This is a good show, just not really moving. It is a good who dunnit for anyone to watch. Nice show.
Not bad.  It's just a show that gets video from all over the internet and one segment where they invite a person from one of the videos on their show.  Daniel Tosh does an OK job as the host.
I'm Not Jesus Mommy (Vaughn Juares, 2010)For the first third or so of its length, save some subpar acting, I'm Not Jesus Mommy is an intriguing little low-budget movie that, on many levels, makes perfect sense. Kimberly Gabriel (Bridget McGrath in her first feature), an obstetrician, is haunted by her own inability to conceive. When maverick researcher Roger Gibson (Living Arrangements' Charles Hubbell) approaches her with a fat government contract and some snake oil about human cloning, she resists at first, but eventually sees the opportunity in light of her own ulterior motives. The obvious question becomes: how far will a woman go to have a baby?Then we skip forward seven years, and everything goes to hell. Earth is locked in the middle of a new ice age. The streets are dangerous, there is little food to go around, and Roger, Roger's sister, Kimberly, and Kimberly's son David are holed up in a small apartment, only going out when absolutely necessary to procure food. The entire remainder of the film takes place in that apartment.Sounds promising, no? And perhaps in the right hands, the final two-thirds of the movie could have been turned into the kind of tense sci-fi thriller that Vaughn Juares obviously intended this to be. But, and isn't there always a &#8220;but&#8221; after a statement like that?, it...isn't. I'm not entirely sure how to put this tactfully, so I'll go with &#8220;I'm not Jesus Mommy rivals The Room for moments of unintentional hilarity.&#8221;  One-room dramas live and die based on the quality of the actors involved, so the &#8220;some subpar acting&#8221; of the first third, which you can gloss over with everything else going on, takes center stage.  Add in a script that leaves out just a little too much to be impressionist and never avoids clich&eacute;&#8212;in fact, runs headlong into it as often as possible&#8212;and you've got something that ends up being a chore to sit through.  Don't hit play on this one unless you have prepared yourself for an overdose of cheese. *
I have delayed writing this review to let my pique cool somewhat. Flashpoint is a Canadian production which makes no attempt to disguise the fact that it is shot in Toronto.Season 4 has 18 episodes but the three disks in this set marketed on Amazon.com in the US has only 13 episodes 6 of which are repeats from Season 3. This means the buyer is being cheated out of 11 of the 18 episodes. Calling this the Complete Season 4 is dishonest and frankly a rip-off.I'd like a refund and I would encourage anyone really interested to attempt to obtain the Canadian Version which actually has the complete set.
I was curious what this show was about, but found it to only be mildly intriguing, and more hype than anything else.
I was in middle school in 1982, so I'm kinda surprised I don't remember this show. Without the rose-tinted glasses of nostalgia, you may find this quite difficult to enjoy. Considering its age (30 years ago!) I wasn't expecting much during a recent viewing, but I was nonetheless mostly disappointed.PROS: Although apparently not a high-budget production, the locations and sets suggest a moderate amount of care and effort, with the unfortunate exception of occasional clips from various video media. Voyagers! would be a fine show to watch with your (young) children if you have any. History as a premise for episodic stories is of course a good idea, and it almost feels wrong to badmouth any show that ends with, "If you want to learn more about [historical element from the episode], take a voyage down to your public library. It's all in books!"CONS: While the two protagonists were more or less well-cast, their scripts didn't give them much to work with; the acting is basically dreadful by today's standards. I was hoping that Voyagers! would at least make me laugh occasionally: no such luck. When a TV character repeatedly exclaims "Bat's breath!" you are reminded that you are not watching a drama intended for a mature audience. I'm not saying that this or any show would be better with vulgar expletives instead, but the phrase "Bat's breath!" should give you some indication of what you are in for if you choose to watch Voyagers!I would not pay $ to view this serial. I gave it a shot due to its cost (free on Amazon Prime) coupled with my penchant for sci-fi/ fantasy. After 2 episodes I am shelving it on my list of shows to watch if [by some cruel fate] I run out of good shows to watch.
Great character. Interesting plot. I liked this movie. I would have liked it better if the other characters int he movie had been developed more fully.
This did not really hold my interest nor my husband's interest so we quit watching after 3 or 4 episodes.
This is a great idea.  I have not read the books, but I only saw The Silence of the Lambs which was excellent one of my favorite movies.  This could be a wealth of fascinating material the acting is good except Dr Childen whose character is completely over acted and really annoying.  Dr Lecter's character is sinister and oily I can't see what everyone finds so charming although that is good because all psych's are a little eccentric themselves( sorry for the generalization).  The reporter is annoying also,  she can get behind police lines speak and manipulate witnesses and get folks killed with impunity ( really!?) and contaminate crime scenes....for a blog.  Because I worked law emforcement some of the scenes are ridiculous ( nurse left alone with a max security inmate at night...nope not gonna happen not even in the most mickey mouse facility, witness left lone in an unsecured house and all the cops outside behind the barricades... come on) again annoying but some things. make up for it.  This could be a really excellent series hopefully it will get better.Update 7/24/13: I've read the book.  Now I can say the series pales in comparison, I also watched the movie, not good.  I've started reading Silence of the Lambs but because the movie looks to have covered it pretty well I got bored because I know the outcome.  The book was really good better than SOTL.
I&#8217;m a big fan of zombie films.  I&#8217;ve always loved stories that have tinkered in this world wherein the dead aren&#8217;t quite dead &#8211; not, at least, the way they should be &#8211; and I think there have been many good films as well as there have been great films to explore the subject matter from a whole variety of perspectives.  What frustrates me about the smaller zombie films is almost one problem I see universally: there&#8217;s only the germ of an idea.  In other words, there really isn&#8217;t any story; rather, there&#8217;s a collection of incidents or vignettes carefully strung together in the attempt to coerce a story where there truly isn&#8217;t one.  Sure, the idea may be grand, but &#8211; lacking a legitimate through-line &#8211; it&#8217;s still only an idea when the credits roll.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)Depressed from a lull in her romantic life, young Samantha (played by a pleasantly fresh-faced Najarra Townsend) decides to go to her friend&#8217;s party and live it up.  But a chance encounter with a possible sexual predator leaves the woman making the worst possible decision: she engages with unprotected sex with the first mysterious man she happens across.  What starts out as some mild physical discomfort suddenly warps her body into something much deadlier as she spends the next three days paying the ultimate price for a momentary lapse in judgment.OK, let&#8217;s get this out of the way up front: I know every one of us &#8211; you, me, your mom, etc. &#8211; we&#8217;ve all made a bad decision.  I&#8217;m not talking about turning right when we should&#8217;ve turned left.  I&#8217;m really more interested in those kind of decisions that we always wish we could&#8217;ve taken back.  It doesn&#8217;t have to be anything life-threatening; but it&#8217;s still something we wish we could&#8217;ve done differently and saved ourselves a lot of headache, heartache, or stomach ache along the way.That said, there&#8217;s the great little germ of idea in CONTRACTED, and &#8211; the way I see it &#8211; it kinda/sorta boils down to this: writer/director Eric England had this clever (if not comical) idea of where zombies truly come from.  Without spoiling it (though the product packaging actually does that fairly well if you read it), let&#8217;s just say that it involves a little bit of what would be normally harmless necrophilia and one night of casual sex.Still with me?OK, right there, that&#8217;s clever.  It&#8217;s even a bit inspired.  It probably isn&#8217;t going to win any awards by itself, but it shows that some honest creative thought went into a process that ended up getting committed to celluloid, and now you&#8217;re here reading about it.Now, is that idea strong enough on its merits to sustain the interest of a 90-minute motion picture?Well, so far as this critic is concerned, England&#8217;s story here isn&#8217;t.  Sadly, there&#8217;s far too much chickified emotional baggage that firmly holds down the first half of the film as we explore Samantha&#8217;s everyday life and wade through some personal circumstances that aren&#8217;t riveting enough to have us wait for the stuff of real substance to occur.  From what I learned, she&#8217;s going through a bad break-up; she&#8217;s definitely struggling with her sexuality; and she lies to a personal physician about a very private matter.  (Never a good idea, Samantha, no matter how embarrassing your screw-up was.)  In fact, we spend so much time exploring Sam&#8217;s bad choices that, at one point, I started to wonder why we were even watching her at all &#8230; then I remembered there was that whole &#8216;contracted&#8217; illness thing that was promised in the offset, so I stuck it out.Once it becomes clear that this is no ordinary STD, then the picture elevates to appreciable heights, but that&#8217;s fairly late in the 90 minutes.  Dare I suggest what I&#8217;ve done many times before that CONTRACTED would&#8217;ve been vastly more entertaining as a short film?  It has a very TWILIGHT ZONE-esque feel to all of it, and, as frightening as it was to watch poor li&#8217;l strugglin&#8217; Samantha come more and more apart psychologically she was vastly more &#8216;becoming&#8217; as a character once I knew for certain we were leaving her behind and, in her place, was something more exciting?  I mean &#8230; what does it say about us culturally when we finally uncover that, as zombies, the lives we&#8217;ll lead may be vastly more interesting than what we did as ordinary human beings?That&#8217;s the real chiller, if you ask me.  Yes, it&#8217;s a cautionary tale, but that part of it&#8217;s been done before &#8230; and much better.CONTRACTED (2013) is produced by BoulderLight Pictures and Southern Fried Films.  DVD distribution is being handled by MPI Media Group on behalf of the IFC Midnight label of flicks.  As for the technical specifications, my suspicion is that this nifty little indie production benefitted from a respectable budget, as the picture does contain some very good quality sight and sounds as well as a good handful of practical, in-camera effects and make-up work.  Lastly, if it&#8217;s special features you want, then buckle up: the disc offers two separate commentary tracks as well as a &#8216;making-of&#8217; short, some behind-the-scenes fodder (nothing all that grand there), the animated pitch, Ms. Townsend&#8217;s audition tape, and the theatrical trailer.  That is a nice package, indeed, for those wanting to know more about the world of CONTRACTED.(MILDLY) RECOMMENDED.  If you&#8217;re as die-hard about your zombie flicks as I am, then you&#8217;re likely to sit through this despite the turgid pacing.  Methinks writer/director England was trying to say something about either life or relationships or maybe even one-night-stands in our communicable-friendly world, but I gotta say I missed it.  Instead, what I did see was a great idea poorly shackled with the emotional baggage of Katherine Heigl&#8217;s next direct-to-DVD stinker.  Townsend&#8217;s performance?  That&#8217;s actually pretty solid, though I&#8217;d find it hard-pressed to see how her work here might open any doors for her.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group provided me with an advance DVD copy of CONTRACTED by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
Besides reality TV this is the most realistic cop tv series that I've seen. The stories are not over the top drama so it will not grip you like Breaking Bad or 24, but it is interesting enough to keep on watching.
This show would kill if it didn't have a laugh track. If it were made today it probably would not have it. British humor rocks.
I still like the Shakespearean drama component of SOA. But the &#34;action&#34; part is getting really tiresome (say about two seasons ago), it is turning into an adolescent's fantasy, and it is really getting hard to suspend disbelief, or take any part of the show seriously because of it. Look, we know nobody important is ever going to be killed, (even if chained and handcuffed, they will find some miraculous way out because TV villians have never heard of Occam's razor (or listened to the advice of Scott Evil), and even the CIA is helpless before the wisdom and power of Jax from Charming (having already easily conqured the ATF and DOJ, I suppose this is a logical progression...but what is next? The White House?). It has become a very lazy show, recycling years-old masturbatory character arcs and plot lines, and increasingly applying hard to accept fantastical resolutions. They went &#34;big&#34; several years ago and lost what was special about the show; the inherent drama in human relationships under extreme stress.
Very &#34;frat house&#34;. Could be &#34;Animal House&#34; for the middle aged. Didn't really like it. Not for every audience for sure.
The behavior is irrational and unpleasant to watch.  Too deep for my taste.  I like to be entertained rather than trying to figure out the plot or trying to explain to myself the rational for the behavior of the characters.
Basic premise, our hero (The man in the lector bite mask this season), is some sort of bizarre serial killer savant.He -always- starts out with the line &#34;This is my design&#34;, then wanders off and figures out what drives a serial killer of the week that they are tracking.Lector in the first season is his buddy, but has done a bit of a set up on him and so.. so.. so... our Hero had a brain cloud, induced by a fever, gets fed a woman's ear while he's out of it and is in the midst of an insane asylum / jail for the second season.That they manage to keep this thing even marginally on the rails is actually what is amazing to me.  Sort of like what a serial killer train wreck that takes a season to wreck.Characters, do have some depth to them, cast is for the  most part likeable and don't do too many things overtly stupid to push the plot along and there's someone interesting on Lector's (Remember, he's a cannibal and likes to have dinner parties with &#34;friends&#34;) table.There's a bizarre dream thing that looks like a cross between a stag (the animal) and a porcupine (small plates all over it's body), that our hero imagines.And you're pretty much guaranteed a fairly disgusting killing of some time each and every week.So far the entertainment value has exceeded the &#34;Geek eating the heads off chicken&#34; mentality of the murders, but just by a bit.Still watching it, first episode, first few minutes does promise some really interesting plot further down the season.Not really for kids, can be disgusting at times, watch at your own risk.
&#34;Law & Order: SVU&#34; just isn&#34;t the same without Elliot Stabler's character! The show is still coming up with some very creative plots, though.
Life in England . Very strange and different than US. Just so so comedy. Not my taste in humor, just curious of other's lifestyle.
This is a movie that greatly disappointed me.I thought it would delve deeply into what happened with Bradley Manning's attainment ofdocuments and their subsequent release to Wikileaks (Assange) and then the world.  It wasmore of a personal criticism of both Assange and Manning and very uninteresting and biased.Do not waste your time or money.  The secret they steal is that this is not a movie worth watching.
The subject matter is fascinating but the series narrator and travel guide is not.  His goal seems to be to prove that parts of the Bible are literally true in an historical sense.  This is fine but he isn't.
What started as a five star (or at least a 4 1/2) devolved into a three star.  I love period pieces and especially this era, so I began with excitement and high expectations.  By the third episode I realized that it was almost as if they said...ok, the first two episodes are great, but we've only got one episode left, so we've got to tie up all of these loose ends quickly.  And that is what it feels like...rushed at the end just to get everything in.
The series started out OK, but after three episodes, I lost interest. Hard to figure out just what the point is and how the characters interact. Not much suspense, particularly at end of episodes to keep the viewer coming back. Yawn.
The word SLOW, takes on a new meaning with this ...docu pretender video, it moves so slow it seems to be going backwards in time. Imagine an amateur with a video camera taping an amateur unsure of what she is going to say and saying it very slowly and seemingly considering every word for a very long time. Then the footage is not edited at all so when she stops and starts over you want to scream, &#34; just say something... anything ... stop licking your lips and rolling your eyes!!! I would tell you more but I decided to eat my TV at that point rather than watch another second of this really bad crap. Other than that I have no opinion.
When the new girl in school starts to come between Rebecca and her best friend, Lucy, she begins to suspect that there is something far more sinister behind their relationship. Rachel Klein's modern update on traditional Gothic storytelling is brought to life in Mary Harron's screen adaptation of THE MOTH DIARIES, from 2011. Rebecca and the other girls transpose their teenage anxieties like anorexia, depression, suicide, and sexuality on to their ghostly classmate as a means of dealing with their internal struggles. While Ernessa may not be seen physically drawing the blood from her victims, her presence at the school certainly saps the other girls of their strength and happiness, leading them in to despair. The lesbianic undertones that are present in the plot also draw strongly from the classic tale of Carmilla, which is frequently referenced throughout the girls' schoolwork. Harron takes a timely approach in developing the characters and mood of the picture, but unfortunately, her deliberate pacing begins to wear during the long periods of inaction and leaves the audience feeling deprived as the film draws to its anticlimactic ending. Still, we are left on a positive note, having grown with Rebecca as she overcomes her pain and loss to find a renewed strength in herself. THE MOTH DIARIES ultimately falls short of becoming a modern classic, but it does provide another unique and emotionally charged vampire tale in the same vein as LET THE RIGHT ONE IN.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
The film deals with the age old conflict of control of natural resources. In this case an international company called Clear-Bec runs water filtration systems. It makes deals with governments to take over the waterways used by the poor indigenous population, then turn around and sell them what has been free. Old progressives are familiar with this type of thing from Susan George's "How the Other Half Dies" (1976).In this particular case, the water in an Ecuadorian village becomes polluted with sewage and leads to a typhus epidemic which wipes out a village. Part of the damage control was to have the military ensure there were no witnesses. The incident is brought to the attention of Morgan Swinton (Deborah Kara Unger) part owner of the evil corporation. She has a conscience and wants to get to the bottom of the incident against the wishes of her brother and the rest of the company.She hires radio talk show host and former CIA agent Jack Begosian (Andy Garcia) who used to work on the other side of these types of issues. For him it is a chance for redemption and to bury those demons. His goal is to bring back the only witness, an activist who has the secret files of what happened, Francisco Francis (Forest Whitaker).The film is about a fictional corporation doing things that are not beyond the realm of reason, until they bring the fight home, then I had to scratch my head. Personally I would have liked to seen a dramatization of a certain soft drink company who we all know and love and their involvement with the assassination of union leaders in Columbia.Andy Garcia and Forest Whitaker are typically animated characters in stories. In this movie they are rather subdued and defined more by their philosophical ramblings than actions. The plot was fairly simple without any real twist. The final shoot out I found grossly unbelievable. I never got to experience the pain of the affected people, nor did I develop any type connection with the main character whose past, which was fundamental to understanding him, was not fully explained. Not as good as Sean Connery in the Amazon Rain Forest.Parental Guide: No F-bombs, sex, or nudity. Killing, some blood not overly graphic.
I love this show, but I think Season 6 had more misses than hits. The fact that Amy and Sheldon's relationship is still going nowhere seems &#34;illogical&#34; at this point - and the girl they paired Raj up with is an unmitigated disaster that makes my skin crawl and is so boring it makes Sheldon's &#34;fun with flags&#34; look like something you want to spend all day watching. I really wish they had tried harder to find a recurring role/place for Sara Gilbert, whose pithy snarkasm was well-suited to the show. Personally, I also didn't enjoy the often weird sexual innuendos that felt like pandering to the lowest form of &#34;entertainment&#34;.Since the show has been renewed for another 3 seasons, I really hope that this isn't a sign of deterioration that's only going to get worse - it would be a shame to see this comedic gem flail and ultimately make you wish they'd quit while they were ahead...
While the animation and voice acting is fairly, there needs to be a small bit more development in the plot and character. It's great the main character tries to learn and figure out how to do things, but there needs to be more ''meat'' behind it.
Because I don't let my kids watch too much TV (or me for that matter), I make sure the kid shows are either something that I'd like to watch with them ("Phineas and Ferb") or something that is of educational value ("Super Why")."Positively Ozitively" does not meet that criteria. If this show were to be watched in my household it either has to have smart humor for both adults and children, OR it has to teach something other than a "life lesson" - it needs to teach reading, math, science, or science.I was looking forward to this show when I first heard about it, but I am afraid I'm going to have to pass.
Pretty good. At first, I thought this would be a sensationalist type show a la the history channel. It was not. The reenactments were pretty hokey but overall it was interesting overview of the Vikings. It did not focus as much on the brutal nature of their pillage but was more positive and spoke of the culture and history.It gave respect to the arts and literature as well as the government structure they developed in Greenland. I enjoyed it and received some decent information.If you are interested in the Vikings in the new world or in general it will not squander you time. I would love to see a more in-depth study but it is a decent 43 minute documentary.
Gloomy; like slogging thru dirty, oily water. Don't like the focus on all the teen-age characters. The story arc is too drawn out (i.e., Season 1 and 2). The lead detective has some real parenting problems and needs serious psychological help. She also is too inner-focused and inner-driven. People like this cause a lot of problems for those around them.
This piece of garbage is totally offensive, not funny in the least, and I couldn't bear to finish it. It epitomizes everything stupid, sad, and dull. I cannot fathom how someone got paid to make a pilot of this, and how it made it to the final set. WORST EVER!
Typical Bourdain video, with some very interesting settings, and strange foods.  He has local friends that keep reappearing in his many series, for better or worse.  But you never feel that you're really getting on with Tony, who remains aloof mostly while trying to maintain his Big-City guy image.  (I hope he travels around with a body guard, because guys like him can really irritate some folks.)
All these lame Sci-Fi channel movies utilize identical  N*w W*rld Ord*r propaganda formulas:*A changed world after an alien attack apocalypse*Stupid costumes and alien makeup*CGI monsters*Lame 'saving mankind' storylines*Alien technological devices with lots and lots of blue light*Bizarre CGI landscapes and alien craft*Sex couplings just above soft porn (to make the ratings); plus black/white interracial sex and lesbian sex*Evil bad guys vs. the 'deboooner and swaaaave' hero*Mandatory cutsie-pie alien-choreographed dance tunesPluses include:  superior writing in providing decent storylines with adequate acting (direction)and well-thought-out scenarios. Music is well-designed. Apparently it's been contracted for a second season!
Last year, I was taken to see the play "Wicked" on Broadway.  My main complaint was that they sang everything: why say it when you can sing it.  I really don't like singing in shows, but I'm willing to give this one to try.  It's just ok, but it's weakness is that it really doesn't drive the story enough and simply not enough laughs.
I just watched the very beginning and decided that it wasn't something I would like, so I didn't finish it.
I could only stand to watch this movie about 15 minutes.  I came close to watching a major league baseball game as an alternative, and that's a sad statement.  no really worth even 1-star.
Why is it that this military team acts with the tactical awareness of a box of puppies.The show has heart, a great premise, and occasional flashes of creativity, but they assault the viewer with aggressively-stupid character actions on a regular basis.  Thank Ra there's a fast forward.
First off, I will say that I quite enjoyed the concept of the low budget horror comedy "Muckman." In the first few minutes, I chuckled at a clever send-up of reality television and its artifice and I thought that perhaps we might have discovered a gem. But while I do think some will still enjoy this unassuming little endeavor, it fails to live up to the promise of a terrific premise. Instead of maintaining the clever quotient, the humor quickly devolves into shtick with most of the amiable cast fumbling about like moronic bumpkins. That's good for a laugh or two, but I really wanted a more effective screenplay with comedy that would bolster the story ideas as opposed to detracting from them. Even in the final revelations, the film's plot has some nice twists--but the dialogue and overall execution is disappointing.The film details the exploits of a television crew as they search for the elusive monster of the title. An original broadcast featuring this beast was exposed as a hoax and now the team seeks to repair the damage to their reputation. All is not as it might seem, though. Is the legendary Muckman real? Or is something more sinister going on? Dealing with the inbred locals, our inept squad may be in danger from creatures unknown and from each other. The team's driver (Allison Whitney) is the only cast member to have half a brain and serves as a likable protagonist. On the flip side, ambitious and ruthless investigative reporter A. J. Khan hits all the villainous marks in a delightfully over-the-top performance.Obviously, as a low budget effort, this won't win any special effects prizes. It is efficient enough and cheesy enough to placate anyone with a familiarity to this type of creature feature. Again, my primary disappointment stems from the screenplay. Why? Because there is something here--an actual story. But the humor is so sophomoric, so expected. I wanted the film's laughs to be equal to the clever narrative. If that had happened, this might have really been a great little sleeper. About 2 1/2 stars (on the bad movie scale), I could go either way--but I'll round up as this had actual potential. KGHarris, 8/11.
While definitely derivative, "Apocalypse of the Dead" is not as bad as it might first appear. Cheesy and low budget, it has a few good moments. Although the acting is suspect, several likeable characters do eventually emerge. Overall it has the feel of a first draft that needed several more re-writes before it was ready for filming, but I don't entirely regret having watched it.
Okay, as a fan of the original "Grave Encounters" - and it is one of the better entries in the increasingly-boring and overpopulated "found footage" genre - I decided to give this one a shot... One of the many times I wish I would actually heed my fellow reviewers' posts... I'm not going to say anything new about GE2 here because everybody just about hit the proverbial nail on the head... One poster said it best when he said that it appears that the Vicious Brothers have nothing new to bring to the table. Shame, because GE gave some credibility back to the genre. Only time will tell, I suppose...
[The review contains minor spoilers.]"Vanishing on 7th Street" starts with a bang and slowly descends into something dull and formulaic. The thriller drama (directed by Brad Anderson, much better "The Machinist") begins with a great premise, building up the tension in the first fifteen minutes until it suddenly loses steam, having nothing new or interesting to add to the thin story that goes nowhere.The opening sequence is just brilliant. Paul (understated and effective John Leguizamo) is a projectionist working at a packed Detroit theater. Then, suddenly the light fails. The next moment Paul finds himself alone (well, almost) in the silent theater - everyone is gone, perhaps everyone in the entire city. The fact is, Paul - and a news reporter Luke (Hayden Christensen), a therapist Rosemary (Thandie Newton) and a young boy named James (Jacob Latimore) - are among the "survivors" of the mysterious blackout.In this kind of suspense (like "The Birds") you don't have to explain everything, as long as you can keep the viewers interested in what is going on. Unfortunately this does not happen in "Vanishing on 7th Street." Information is given bit by bit - long nights, a man in Chicago, the Roanoke Colony, and most importantly, rules for survival - but they add up to nothing. Characters attempt to theorize about the meaning of total "wipeout," but what they talk about is just dull. Some ideas are directly borrowed from other apocalyptic horror movies. An airplane scene from Kiyoshi Kurosawa's "Pulse," one of possible inspiration, is just one of them."Vanishing on 7th Street" starts well, but fails to live up to its initial promise.
Okay, I know, it's a reality show and not a true Downton Abbey type adventure.  I give it 3 stars because the cast below stairs really did try on a day to day basis keep to Edwardian living.  However, the upstairs cast didn't want to eat the food, became some what pompious and were annoying at times.  They really could have done this &#34;series&#34; in two parts instead of 6 episodes.
THIS MOVIE LOOKS LIKE IT COULD BE GOOD! BUT I WOULD NOT KNOW SINCE I DIDNT GET TO WATCH IT! BUT I WAS CHARGED FOR ITAND THEY TOOK IT OUT OF MY ACCOUNT BUT I NEVER GOT TO WATCH IT! WHAT IS GOING ON WITH AMAZON,IT SEEMS THEY ARE MAKING CHANGES TO THE WAY THRY DO BUSINESS AND IT ISNT GOOD!
I felt this was a bit too long.  Also, I just was not as interested in it as I thought I would be.  Nothing wrong with it.  Just not for me.Glad I watched it through Amazon Prime.
What must TV execs think of the American populace that this kind of thing keeps getting on the air? What must we think of ourselves to allow it? You could not put together a more forgettable cast if you assembled all the recurring background characters from the entire series run of Law & Order. It is painful to watch this and anyone, writer, actor, set designer, or gaffer involved in it that thinks it or themselves are anything close to humorous needs to rethink their entire life. At the end of the day, though, they should all be grateful that in spite of how spectacularly empty and tasteless this show is, it is still not as bad as "Whitney".
Charging for a trailer clip is weak sauce. Fix it before you alienate more Who fans! I am so glad I read the reviews first and noticed that "Prequel" really meant "clip," or I would be very angry right now.
What type of sick mind can think up this type of serial killer garbage...probably the type who should be locked up
First of all angelina never was hot and this mvoie needs a plot.  Totally lame done over a weekend hunk of crap shown in big theaters.  LAme lame leaaamee
The Indian kid from Safety Not Guaranteed is so whiny it's painful whenever he's on screen. Jon Daly's character is a kind of macho-douche character like Adam Carolla or Dane Cook, and he's a better comedian than that. The high school bully kid from Workaholics is just whatever. He doesn't stand out. The handsome main guy doesn't either.The jokes are pretty raunchy but not clever. "I eat so much tuna I'm like a lesbo!" etc.I could not care about anything that happened to the characters. Despite the interesting setup, underdogs in Silicon Valley, the situations they wound up in were pretty generic sitcom stuff.
Lots of technical problems.Major illiteracy on the part of many of the dance moms and Cathy.Rather stupid drama-mongering.Some of us just care about the dancing....not the two-bit drama...
While the premise of this show was fresh and enjoyable, I just couldn't get into there being a classical music playing competition that involved taking shots. Would probably still watch, but don't know how long I could watch a show about the symphony.
Sometime in the near future, some people get obsessed with celebrities so much that some companies start providing these admirers with a new way to get closer to their "stars": getting infected with the same virus as their favorite celebrities. Young Syd March (Caleb Landry Jones) works for the Lucas Clinic, a company that owns the exclusive rights for such super-celebrities as Hannah Geist (Sarah Gadon).I know this is a satire - not a very good one, but a satire nonetheless - so I decided to keep watching, ignoring the film's unbelievable premise. But when Syd smuggled the virus out of the company's lab by getting himself infected, I lost interest in whatever was going on. "Antiviral" tries to depict a near-futuristic world that is bleak and captivating, but with its underdeveloped idea the result is simply pretentious and boring.Caleb Landry Jones, better known for some movie fans as Sean Cassidy / Banshee of "X-Men: First Class" turns in a compelling performance, but his character is not given enough depth for the viewer to really care what is happening to him. Same can be said about the celebrity Hannah Geist (Sarah Gadon, who played Emma Jung in "A Dangerous Method"), whose back story should have been much more interesting.The director's flair for visuals is on display throughout "Antiviral" with some stomach-churning moments that feel like going on forever, but what Brandon Cronenberg needs a tighter narrative and a less-is-more approach to the subject matter.
This is the latest offering of another remake of Japanese horror films, a genre that was short-lived because of its repetitive scenarios (young women haunted, pursued and assaulted by malefic entities) that led audiences to anticipate and predict the stories. This movie, released in 3D (why?) is a bad remake of the Japanese film by the same title, directed by Ataru Oikawa from a script by himself, Takamasa Sato and Kei Oishi, which was adapted from the latter's novel "Ju-On". The Japanese version, far superior to this rendition, is itself heavily influenced by (if not plagiarized from) "Dark Waters", "The Ring" and "The Grudge"."Apartment 1303 3D" is directed and produced by Michael Taverna, who also wrote the script, that has such memorable lines as ""Ugh, this apartment's freaking me out!" and "Apartments don't kill people. People kill people."The story happens in modern day Detroit, where a naive young woman (Janet) rents an affordable apartment with a dazzling panoramic view, in an old building. Janet (Julianne Michelle) is trying to assert her independence from her domineering, abusive alcoholic mother (Rebecca DeMornay) and moves out of the family home, which she also shared with older sister Lara (Misha Barton).Weird people inhabit the building and the apartment is haunted by an angry ghost that eventually murders Janet, faking a suicide. Lara and her married cop boyfriend Mark (Cory Sevier), investigate the circumstances of Janet's death. No spoilers here.The story is hackneyed, lacks escalating suspense and is packed with inconsistencies; many questions are left unanswered, leading the viewer not to care about any of the two-dimensional characters populating this fog. The direction is inept, the staging unimaginative and the acting is mostly clumsy. The special effects are incomplete and the few chills rely mainly on ambiguous frenzied violence and sound blasts.The ill conceived nod to Hitchcock's `Psycho' of a malevolent mother entity and a grisly shower scene; along with the strange inhabitants, ghostly apparitions, summoning voices, creepy noises and an ominous soundtrack cannot save this vapid, dull, droning concoction of clich&eacute;s. It would have fared better with a funnier dialogue, as a parody or clever spoof, lampooning bad horror movies.Fans of real-estate thriller/chillers should look-up "The Shining", "The Tenant", "The Fourth Floor", "1408" or "The Conjuring" and give this turkey a wide berth.
Too much unnecessary bad language - overacting ,bad casting  story line far fetched - just did not connect - sad I had higher expectations
They are still  being reasonably real and getting along decently. And Are yet a good watch. I don't miss an episode myself.
This movie is just ok. There were long stretches in this movie where I didn't laugh and there were moments where I only chuckled.
Predictable, production values average, acting the same.  Perhaps it is the tennis theme that has the other reviewers so enthused.  I, however, would not recommend this to others: the trajectory of the story line is so stereotypical of many teen movies out there with a lot better talent.
January is always the worst month of the year for an avid moviegoer like thornhill. The studios are too busy promoting the wide releases of their Oscar hopefuls to concentrate on new films they have any hope for. As a result, January is a dumping ground for bad films they can't wait to write off. But Big Hollywood still hopes they can bilk an unsuspecting public out of a few million dollars before the release ends up in streaming and free cable hell.Because &#34;That Awkward Moment&#34; is a quote-unquote romantic comedy and it is being released two weeks before Valentine's Day, I held out some hope for it. That, and the fact Zac Efron seems to be enjoying a bit of a renaissance since leaving rehab &#8211; he is in a lot films &#8211; seemed to indicate the film might be better.But &#34;That Awkward Moment&#34; is full of, well, awkward moments that were funny the first five times we saw the same jokes in other films and television shows. Now, one hundred times later, the jokes are boring and routine. These jokes are now so familiar they have been relegated to bad television sitcoms.Zac Efron and Miles Teller play Jason and Daniel, co-workers and best friends, who meet regularly with Mikey (Michael P. Jordan, &#34;Fruitvale Station&#34;), a doctor who discovers his wife is cheating on him - to discuss girls, dating and their conquests. They talk about every part of their sexual conquests, their penises, their bodily functions, etc. They talk a lot about things I find it hard to believe three straight guys pursuing relationships with females would talk about.Eventually, they make a pact to stay single as long as Mikey is single. Given the predictability of THIS quote-unquote romantic comedy, you already know what that means; one or more of the guys will immediately fall in love with a girl and try to hide it from the others. Strangely, the filmmakers views these relationships as an excuse for the three guys to get together and talk more. The story doesn't really shift to the new male-female relationships. Essentially, this is a quote-unquote romantic comedy about three guys.That might work, if the film were in better creative hands. Written and directed by Tom Gormicon, whose only other credit is &#34;Movie 43&#34; &#8211; the worst film I have ever seen &#8211; nothing in &#34;That Awkward Moment&#34; is original or seems remotely real or true. That's too bad because you get the sense the filmmakers are trying for so much more. Which makes &#34;Moment&#34; an even bigger disappointment.And it's too bad for Zac Efron who is a really handsome, really terrible actor &#8211; he has the looks of a matinee idol but he just can't act. When he works with more talented directors, he does a better job. But in &#34;Moment&#34;, his character just seems like a jerk, the whole time, and never really changes.Miles Teller is basically the comic relief and Michael P. Jordan plays the 'real' member of the trio. He is going through a real-life situation. But they don't, or can't, overcome the clich&eacute;d story, bad direction and stilted acting of the lead.Imogen Poots plays Ellie, the object of Jason's affections. She must be the next &#34;It&#34; girl, because she is in a lot of movies coming out this year. She doesn't earn that title with this performance. She is good, OK, acceptable, but because she has to play against Efron, her performance fails to register.&#34;That Awkward Moment&#34; is bad. And it will surely end up on a lot of &#34;Worst of 2014&#34; lists.
I thought it was OK I expected a bit more but it wasn't horrible, and it held my interest; next time step it up!
my kid put this on, but i would not pick it myself, you don't really learn anything from this show, just crazy characters doing goofy stuff.  i rather my kid watch something where they learn, like dinosaur train or sid the science kid.
I like it but the episode progress too slowly. It doesn't seem like there is enough content in each episode. Other than that the cast is likable,  the ummmm subject matter is kinda cool. I have watched the first few episodes of season 1, if they don't get better I don't know if I will continue. I may end up removing from watch list
This is what we waited for? What a major disappointment ! This is one chapter you can save your money on and you wont miss a thing
I know I'm in the lone minority here, but this show used to be funny and cutting edge and hilarious. This season was not what I had hoped for; it was too dark and preachy and felt like NBC's Parenthood - which I'm not a fan of... It's as if someone told Louie, the only way the show could return was to compromise on elements.And I'm going to say it: I don't get the whole thing with Louie's ex wife.... I know it was addressed in interviews back in season 3, and the actress playing his ex wife was so good, blah, blah, blah.. and that's nice, but the problem is that it's not believable, on any level, so it doesn't seem genuine, regardless of the acting. I haven't seen anything this confusing since we saw Michael Jackson's kids, and he always insisted they were his biological children...riiight... I'm all for diversity and relationships, etc..., but let's be real... and I think it's more of this subliminal forced melding we're supposed to be doing in society, and it's kinda creepy, to the point where fiction is blurred to be believed as fact, and damn anyone who questions the reality or inconsistencies; like we're all are supposed to be playing  "the real world isn't the real world game". If it were a case where these girls were adopted, fine, that's realistic, but to say they're her "biological" kids is an insult to anyone with any intelligence.That said, I liked seeing Ellen Burstyn and Charles Grodin... and there were some comical moments, but for the most part, this season was like a weird bad dream after eating rich food earlier in the evening... I mean, that whole bat to the piano was not the workings of a sane individual; unless this is the point, which is horrible too.. and that whole flashback in Elevator part 4's episode was horrible; the guy who played Louie didn't look anything like Louie. The two episode flashback to Louie's' younger 8th grade years were horrible too..it was like watching a whole different series (Wonder Years lite), and it was another example of how this series is now just a stumble and stab at random stuff in the dark until the 22 or 23 mins runs out and they can quick flash those closing credits to say, "Ahh, another episode done!".  I can't believe I bought the season pass for this season (on vudu).
Liz and Dick were the Brad and Angelina of their era...on steroids. The tabloids kept us inform of all the dirt in their life. This was a tabloid view at best.The film is told in part as a flashback with narration by Liz (Lindsey Lohan) and Dick (Grant Bowler) starting with the filming of "Cleopatra." I thought Lindsey Lohan would be right for the role, although she played it without class and style. Oh, they did get the contacts right. I kept waiting for that moment to tie the film together, to make everything I was watching on the screen suddenly become meaningful. It didn't happen. Grant Bowler had the lines down, but face it...he doesn't command the stage presence of Richard Burton.The screenplay was horrible. I don't think the film could have been any worse if John Belushi had played both title roles.
Haven't finished the season yet - it's fun - getting a bit thin - but fun. For some reason it's just not out first choice
Really was disappointed with this film. The crazy rapists on the loose theme that came up was lame and laughable. A couple of the death scenes were well done but I thought it could of been much better.
It's got some mystery to it,  but I can't say I care about the characters very much yet. Too much religion and not enough practical survival and reasonable reasons for people doing things. I'll watch a another episode...but I'm not hopeful at this point.
As anyone can tell you, comedies are a tough sell, especially when broaching such subject matter as the end of mankind.  Some wouldn't dare find anything close to that a laughing matter, but when it's used merely as a backdrop for broader, more general comedy, it certainly can be a nice filter.  That's exactly what writer/director Todd Berger set out to do with IT'S A DISASTER: he combined an end-of-the-world scenario and mashed it up with a twentysomething and thirtysomethings coming-of-age comedy (THE BIG CHILL meets PERFECT SENSE.  On many counts, it just doesn't quite work; yet, there's something wonderfully sublime about seeing a bunch of self-centered shallow suburbanites get their comeuppance ... even if that comeuppance is a nerve-gas Apocalypse.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last two paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)Emma (played by the comely Erinn Hayes) and Pete (Blaise Miller) Mandrake throw only the best Sunday brunches.  Yet this week's brunch is going to be a disaster.  Not only are they in the midst of their own full-blown marital crisis, but also some terrorists are about to detonate a series of nerve gas canisters across the United States, bringing about an end to life as we know it.  Will the quiche be too hot?  Will everyone like the wine?  Will they have to down it all before the end comes?  Oh, what's a couple of yuppies to do!Surprisingly, I thought IT'S A DISASTER missed more than a few of its marks.  That isn't to say that it's unfunny in any way, because that would be inaccurate.  It's just that, given the premise and the cast - including David Cross, Julia Stiles, America Ferrara, and more - I think I expected a bit more.  Many moments felt like they should've been played a bit bigger - a big more obtuse - and, instead, they're scaled back almost to the point that one wonders if everyone showed up knowing their lines.  Or was this a case of dialogue being manufactured on the set, and the players were only provided with the talking points?  It's hard to say, though I'd be remiss if I didn't underscore a bit of disappointment.There are some truly brilliant pieces in here.  Berger himself dons a hazmat suit and shows up uninvited to the dinner party as snooping neighbor, Hal; he's the one that breaks the news about the attacks.  Rachel Boston and Kevin M. Brennan are splendid as Lexi and Buck Kivel (respectively), a husband-and-wife team so completely comfortable with their own generous sexuality they want to share it with anyone they can (which almost includes David Cross's Glen in a wacky development).  And the occasional still shot of the dead latecomers to the party on the front steps - along with an assortment of dead crows - is increasingly funny as it's played so wondrously deadpan.  I can't help but wonder if IT'S A DISASTER started out as a stage play - all of the action takes place inside the house, though spread out across several rooms - but I've no doubt thinking that this is exactly the kind of film that when it gets remade will probably find a much bigger and much more appreciative audience.It's definitely worth a view.  Maybe not an owner.  But definitely worth a view.IT'S A DISASTER is produced by Vacationeer Productions, Attainment Media Group, ARM Entertainment (II), Gordon Bijelonic / Datari Turner Films, and Tip-Top Productions.  DVD distribution is being handled through Oscilloscope Laboratories.  As for the technical specifications, it all looks and sounds very solid, though there were a few instances when recording levels seemed a bit off.  Fans will be surprised to find a wealth of special features, including a commentary track and even a Comic-Con Panel appearance.  It's a nice assortment for a nice middle-of-the-road comedy.RECOMMENDED.  It's more benign comedy than it is outright farce, and, as a consequence, IT'S A DISASTER misses some of the true laughs because so much of it is underplayed.  Still, there's an awful lot of talent in there, so much so that I would've expected better.  This may've been the case of a writer/director being too close to the material to see the weaknesses in the performances; it could've used a few more manic highpoints - especially given the subject matter - and a little less routine shtick of twentysomethings trying to figure out who they are.  It's the apocalypse, after all?  Laugh it up, people!
Supernatural shoes these days are trying to capture the initial risque factor that HBO's True Blood had -- mystery, sexuality, etc,, etc., etc. Unfortunately, even True Blood doesn't do this very often any more, so how much more difficult would it be for shoes such as this Dracula? And the old &#34;new take on the Dracula story&#34; has just about run its course, I think.  I have to admit, I don't see the attractiveness of the actor playing Dracula, and the women characters bore me. Such inconsistencies as a &#34;Transylvanian&#34; count having moved to London with an American accent are distracting. And the sub-plot of the secret vampire hunting society comes off as bad Dan Brown. Yes, I watched almost every episode, but I'm not sure I will if the series is renewed.
Six people become trapped in a storage facility with a deadly alien creature hot on their trail in STORAGE 24. STORAGE 24 commits high treason against Horror fans by sticking to a bland and predictable storyline that rarely strays from modern convention. Not one of its unlikeable characters ever come close to resembling a hero, as we are left to suffer through their petty drama in the hopes that each of them will be soon be dispatched. Johannes Roberts fails to inject any energy or suspense in to the picture, with the minimal amounts of action being weighed down by each dialog-heavy (but substance-free) scene. The only minor success is in the creature design, itself, whose sinewy, insect-like appearance scores a few points for originality. Otherwise, STORAGE 24 is a downright boring viewing experience that fails to elicit any form of response in the viewer.-Carl ManesI Like Horror Movies
Absolutely loved Season 1.  For me, Season 2 is the same plot over and over, continuing from Season 1.  The characters haven't developed much past Season 2.  Although I enjoyed Season 2, I probably won't buy anymore of the Eureka DVD's due to the repetitiveness. Overall, the idea of a town full of genius scientists is so cool!  I was hoping for a bit more innovation of the plot line because the idea of the show is wonderful and entertaining and because this show has so many great reveiws.
When I was surfing the prime video I came across this show and thought "COOL" maybe this one will bring some much needed hard proof/facts to the screen on the paranormal!Well, the first episode with the MIT engineer using his knowledge to find a reason for the hauntings in his building was more of what I was looking for in a series based on the unexplained. So far that has been the only segment that showed promise in either debunking or proving that there is paranormal activity around us.The rest of the episodes that I've watched so far are VERY easy to explain ( orbs = dust particles, insects or fibers/pet hair reflecting off of the light, floating apparitions = breath condensation outdoors, furniture moving and snoring or growling noises in abandoned home = feral cat or wild animal using home for shelter, the golden ghost in the window = flashlight (backlighting) shinning onto only curtain in the house and so on. As with most of the other shows the power of suggestion plays a huge role in most if not all of these stories and clouds the judgment of many of the victims, friends and family members.In episode 7 My Ghost Stories#3 The segment on the Gentleman's Club (stripper bar) was clearly a hoax used to drum up much needed interest in the failing bar. Most of the floating images around the outdoor cameras are moths (the wings can be seen flapping and the flight patterns are typical of moths) yet the bar's owner states that they are not and were verified not to be insects. The security company wasn't brought in to confirm or deny the claims nor was the local media present or questioned as to what their findings were. WHY? Most if not all of the stories do not present calibrating stories when either the media or security companies were involved in the investigations. Again WHY NOT if these people are saying on camera they have calibrating evidence, then prove it other than showing newspaper clips that can't be read.The production values are good including narration, some of the camers work as well as image quality and choice of locations. The show doesn't really stand out against the other better known shows, but is entertaining enough to keep me watching to see if there are more good segments like in the very first episode.
Lotta laughs here sort of high middle ground for a TV seriesso you want seven more words, then don't expect good ones.  I have to say what I have to say . Don't tell me I need seven more words
A mission to Europa goes awry. However scraps of video are recovered. The mission center recombines the scraps and extrapolates the results.We get to see the results and help speculate.First there are no Gabor sisters, big red spiders, or any fun stuff; at least not at first and maybe never. I guess there is no time for a love story unless it was love of a new planet (moon.)Second they must have taken photo lessons from the "The Blair Witch Project" (1999). Sprinkled with lots of flashback, sound bites and other unnecessary garbled video.Of course even though it seem slow (the first 20 minutes are like watching paint dry) eventually you will watch it in hopes that it at least will be "Ten Little Indians" by Agatha Christie, in space. You will not be wasting your time whether you watch or not.
I could only watch a few minutes of this, it was painful. It doesn't work on any level. It's clearly aimed at 9 year olds except that it contains content that's inappropriate for 4th graders. If they're intent was to do a show for children then they should clean it up so that children will be allowed to see it.
Nice show that has gone on a wee bit too long . . . maybe we need term limits for TV too (o;
a tedious episode but a great song that should be for sale on itunes and as a ringtone but it is NOT.The music video is absolutely adorable - about ten minutes into the episode but the episode itself is SO tedious. Butters is such a wuss so no wonder he has a creepy grandma in addition to having creepy parents.  Blech.
If you are very new to the topics you may enjoy this series. And although there are some tiny portions of genuinely new and informative content, it is too little and too infrequent. It is frustratingly condescending and even silly at times for those who are familiar with the topics. None of the episodes are worth watching for veterans of these sorts of documentaries except perhaps the "Is there a God" episode.The "Is there a God" episode is surprisingly less condescending. The vocabulary is not dumbed down at all and the there are only a couple silly sidebar explanatory analogies. But the approach to the topic is brazenly insensitive, arrogant and potentially offensive to just about anyone who adheres to a religious Faith.From that episode, it looks like Stephen Hawking has chosen to join the "there is no god" crowd.
Highly fictionalized but entertaining if you enjoy this type of film. Not recommended for serious history buffs. Lots of action with the usual bad guys.
Great show but it needs Micheal Scott to be the center of the cast. Wish Steve Carrell could have made a few guest appearances.
I do like musicals but I wasn't real thrilled with this and watched 20 minutes before I moved on to something more interesting. I thought the introductory songs lingered on far too long (except for the coughing part--most humorous!). Probably should of watched the entire thing before I ranked this; it oould of been a decent show---maybe clip each solo so they are are not so lengthy...
Not the best of period pieces, but enjoyable enough to spend time watching.  Brace yourself for some gorey battle scenes.  Tragedy strikes throughout the entire movie.
I am enamored of this series.  That said, I get mighty tired of all the soft core porn on the television.  I find it sad that there is not enough writing talent out there to make a good story without putting bad language and soft core porn in it.  Stories like this one could be a whole lot of fun for families to watch but invariably the writers put things into the story line that children don't need to be exposed to as a form of entertainment.  It's like forcing children into Trigonometry classes before they finish grade school.Surely in all the world there is *someone* with enough talent to write amazing stories like &#34;The Tomorrow People&#34; without inserting bad language and porn.  It is sad that one cannot share one's interest in so many stories with the *whole* family for lack of talented writers.  This series is worthy of five stars, were it not for the unnecessary voyeuristic ventures into bedroom intimacy.
I thought I was really going to like this movie and was very disappointed.  Right away in the beginning there were so many things that were just unbelievable.  Very shallow, just plain not good.
Although the history of the peoples and the estate was well developed, there was a number of things that did not measure up in my book for the title word SECRETS.......I was looking to find out more about the buildings, including various passageways, and delving deeper into the make up and designs of the many rooms of the estate.  It was good to learn about how once again the US and England have very close ties and that there were factions in England that supported the independence.  That too was an area that could have been spoken of in greater length, so that we could understand the reasons why they supported independence.  Diana was a great lady and she will be missed by all of us who matured along with her through the years.  Please look at continuing on with a second part about the estates.
What?  Is it over?  What was it about?  I think I fell asleep.  Yawn.  Um, it was boring.  It was shallow.  It was vulgar.  No more AMAZON ORIGINALS FOR ME.  I don't understand all the positive ratings.  These shows seem to be written by a graduating class in Series Writing where they were given a formula and told to go out there and shoot a pilot.Here's your formula:  SHOCK, SEX, GREAT SCENERY, BEAUTIFUL YOUNG ACTORS, STIR IN SOME TOP TALENT, THROW IT ON THE WALL and SEE WHAT STICKS.
I enjoy watching anything Kevin Bacon. He's fun. Even when he plays the bad guy there is a bit of that Bacon humor shining through. I even like the spot he does for &#34;Antiques Roadshow.&#34;Bacon, Purefoy and ensemble do a great job acting. They do their parts well.The reason for deducting two stars is the story line. The writers have gone way overboard. The plot is so far fetched it really detracts from the show. Most shows dare to be brave but &#34;The Following&#34; takes it to the extreme. Added to the extremism are these flashes of alternate reality that don't quite make sense. This makes becoming totally engrossed in the show almost impossible. As a viewer, these frequent, and I do mean frequent, interruptions of implausibility and confusion are bitters among the sweet. They show just don't flow (just like this sentence).In the second season, I wish the writers would tone it down a bit.
The Bay is a message hidden within a film, similar to 2008's the Happening, The Bay tells of the consequences of destroying our environment. In this film, dumping into the Chesapeake Bay has caused a harmless fish parasite to evolve into a human killer. What makes this film unique is the way in which it was shot. The film is shot as a documentary that was posted on a fictional Wikileaks type site, and tells the story of the outbreak in a small Maryland town, on July 4th. The cinematography is made up of everything you'd see at a small town festival, camcorders, cell phone cameras, news footage, police dash-cams, and security cameras. Through a collection of footage from the day, we are told the story of the outbreak by one of the only survivors, who had to let the world know of this tragedy that was covered up by the U.S. government. The different angles and the fact that their really weren't any main characters also make this film unique. The story really isn't much, as it just like a million other horror films. Everything is normal, until people start getting sick, and chaos ensues. It's not the story or even the actors that keep you interested in this film, it's the different pieces put together in documentary form by the narrator, Kether Donohue. Without the narration, it's just a collection of web clips, but there is some interest in finding out what happened to each of the people we see and in seeing them figure out what's going on at the same time that we do. It's not a great story and there aren't any stand out performances, but the film itself is done in such a unique way, that it will be like nothing you've ever seen before. Yes, The Bay is another way of telling us about the dangers of not caring for our environment, in a story that is severely lacking imagination, but it's worth seeing, simply from a stylistic point of view.
Subtitles in english only. A plus in picture. Boring in the middle of the movie. Slow, slow, slow...
Well at first it looked like the writers and directors were going to pull it off. Beckett and Castle's relationship was in the open but the detective/writer tension would continue to enhance the quality of the show. Then the inevitable &#34;baby&#34; episode. Beckett not so sure about babies at first but won over. Castle a &#34;baby whisperer&#34;-- what the hell is that about?--grimacing at changing diapers, cleaning baby spit off his shirt. Clunk. Just too cute for words. I can think of a few words.Let's get back to good writing, tight story lines and eliminate the overly sentimental stories. Remember the episode were the young man had lost his memory secondary to being struck by a stray bullet in an art studio? Dog. Former wife, Art piece with sentimental value.  It worked because the writing let it work and the actors had a story line they could get their talent around.  I kinda see how the baby felt the need to puke.
The wife buys it, she's happy so so am i.  Chick flick, I think is why she smirks at me more often these days.
The geeky indian just feels like an Abed knockoff from Community. I didn't care about these people. The wiseass had his moments, particularly in the bathroom talking about his age (although I would peg the actor as being closer to 45 than 35 in real life)I liked the ValetMe app idea better than the BRB one. An app to help you find parking spaces would be really helpful.
Plot /storyline predictable. Loner pushed toooo far and then bang! I had nothing to do and picked this movie. I enjoyed Mr. Hauler's other works but here he is just going through the paces....The excess blood just made the movie ludicrous. I would not rerun it nor recommend to anyone!Video quality was perfect!
I enjoy Chopped because they use foodstuffs that I have never seen nor heard of and I find it interesting to find out how they are used in dishes.  I find the judges condescending and the contestants can't stop trying to sound needy.  I concentrate on the food.
I really liked Hell's Kitchen when it first started.  I'd watched Gordon on one or two BBC series and sort of knew what to expect.However, the antics of the dysfunctional kitchen contestants has ruined this series for me.  It is less about what they can do than what they can't and I can do without the juvenile antics I wouldn't tolerate anywhere else.  I don't see this as entertaining.
The parts that were finished were sort of funny, but since they only did 1/2 the job on it, it is hard to really gauge if it works.  Right now, it doesn't.
We stopped watching after the protagonist, played by Benedict Cumberbatch, and his brother's spiky widow, with whom he had been edgily squabbling for a long time, and to whom he had whinged about feeling rejected, suddenly embraced each other passionately and lunged into bed.
We live in Philadelphia and also like Danny DeVito.  We don't watch network t.v. comedies.  SO I don't know if this is what is considered good, funny t.v. these days.  But this just seemed like going through the motions.  There were a few laughs.  But mostly it was just annoying to watch.
Sometimes people go through life just not fitting in, not knowing what they want, perhaps even not knowing who they are or how wonderful they are. Things just don't work.But - the right person can change everything.  Instantly bring out a really wonderful you... and you just bloom and things just start to work.  This is such a story.It's slow, low key - perhaps boring to many for about the first half.  The main characters are kind of mousey, quiet, odd personalities most people just won't "get" or be all that interested in.... but to watch what happens to them when they meet and start to get to know each other is pretty cool.  Like watching a flower grow from bud to full glorious bloom on one of those nature shows.I liked this movie, but it's not one I'd watch again or call my friends and say "hey, you've got to watch this" ... you have to be in the mood for something slow and a little odd that takes awhile to start coming together.
I was charged for 3 zero number episodes for Season 4 of which I have only seen 8.A preview or whatever you want to call it I did not order and should not have been charged for ever.Very unhappy
This is an almost film; almost porn, almost a drama; almost well acted, and almost well written.  The acting is almost good and probalt would ave been great in ther hands of better actors. The stroy line is almost and ends leaves you nothing.  Yes there is a erect penis but then again its not a new thing any more; Lindsay Lohan is okay but there a plenty of other actors whpo could have done thsi part so much better.  James Deen is a porn actor and he acts like a porn actor .
I wanted to like this, I really tried. The first episode is tedious, dark and boring. After watching the entire episode I wished I hadn't bothered watching any of it. Jeffrey Tambor plays himself as he does in every role. The stereotypes are pathetic and the characters are not at all likable. Who wrote all the &#34;5 Star&#34; Reviews? I find it hard to believe that they watched the pilot.
The music was fine. The plot seemed a bit forced to me though. I can't see this being successful. Not sure who the demographic would even be.
For those under the influence of sleep deprivation or LSD, Peyote, Magic Mushrooms or other hallucinogenics this would be an ideal watch!  I have never seen anything comparable to this nor would I pay money to see it.  Whose extravaganza of surround sound and visual chromatics was this and why was it created  would be my first questions???
Why did Gil John and his assistant's accent get thicker as the episode progressed? That is the most interesting thought I had while watching this show. If you like political dramas/comedies I suggest House Of Cards on Netflix as it is 1 million times better. Also HoC is much funnier even though it is technically not a drama. This seems like it was meant to be a CBS show and when they found out it was going to be on the internet they sprinkled some F-bombs over the script which is flat and not memorable. I could not relate to any of the very one dimensional characters and the humor wasn't there, seems like it couldn't decide if it wanted to skewer members of the GOP of appeal to them and in the end I don't think it successfully did either. The Bill Murray scene is the funniest thing in the whole episode and his character is quickly removed from the show. Super pass.
Kristen continues to find acting that portrays her in the &#34;same old - same old&#34; fashion.  Why did she pick the same old type of roll as she played in Smallville.
So here we have another series where a skinny model is able to whack around a bunch of guys much bigger than her. Come on. It's hard enough accepting the premise that every cop in the precinct--male or female--is drop-dead gorgeous, but that some chick weighing no more than a fistful of feathers can be sucker-punched by someone she has no reason to suspect, right out of the blue, and come back like Bruce Lee calls for way to much belief-suspension. I might give it a couple more views, but if the pilot is the best they can do, then I'll pass on the rest.
I can't even wrap my mind around how awful this film is.  In every way, it's a total waste of time.
An original concept is sabotaged by the never-ending mockumentary trend in horror movies.  This dubbed Norwegian entry is becoming a cult favorite and I frankly can't understand its appeal.  It's not really funny nor scary.  The troll effects are okay, and there's a certain ingenuity in the various troll appearances.  But the movie is incredibly slow and the jerky camera work is nauseating.  The script is mundane at least in the dialogue department and the ending way too abrupt, not that I was sorry to see it end.I'll be glad when the lost tapes fad fades and movie-makers rely on story and skill instead of tired gimmicks.
Just finished watching ATM and thought it was well acted ,well thought out and somewhat clever but there were also some pretty big plot holes,I won't go into them because I don't want to venture into spoiler territory.The camera work and film quality were excellent and lent to the rich feel of the production.If your expecting a blood bath or a gore fest this isn't the film for you, there are some violent scenes but nothing really graphic.So gore hounds skip it.It is instead a taunt thriller with some very tense moments with a claustrophobic feel .Think Frozen meets P2 but in a confined area.The only problem I had with this film was that there was no back story or explanation given about the menacing figure outside the ATM.I wanted to know what his motive was because in the film it clearly seems personal.Bottom line,I recommend it if your looking for a good executed thriller,taking in consideration the con that I mentioned.
I do not like that they wiped out all the history and now can do anything they want now. The relationship between Uhura and Spock is kind of creapy?
I understand that they're trying to show how small and monotonous the woman's world has become, trapped in her little apartment week in and week out. But do we really have to suffer through it, ourselves, in what feels like real time?The character of Wes is quirky and likable. Not sure what he sees in the woman, except for the fact that she accepts his quirkiness.You could do as another reviewer suggested and watch 2 minutes, then fast-frame to &#34;Wes knocks on door&#34;, watch their joint scenes, then fast-frame her obsessing again. It's well-acted; just ... boring.Without giving too much of a spoiler, I do think that the nosebleed was over the top. I think the actress is skilled enough that she could have shown the internal struggle on her own.
From the team that brought you Bridget Jones' Diary arrives another Brit rom-com with all the things we've seen before in Four Weddings, Love Actually and every one movie in this genre - and it's surprisingly funny. Aussie leads are playing the Brit and American destined to fall in love with one stuck in a spluttering fast-tracked marriage after a drunken night out. It's all highly predictable but made enjoyable by a half dozen or so truly funny scenes that make the film more like a series of sketches than a coherent or series plot.The acting is fine for the script and it's refreshing not to have Hugh Grant stumbling around muttering &#34;bugger, bugger&#34; while plowing his hair mop out of the way. The one thing that does bug me is that the message seems to be that attractive, successful types are destined to find each other and everyone else is basically an ugly, socially-awkward loser - but I might be reading too much into the theme. Ultimately, it's worth hitting the play button for the comedic moments and not worrying too much. If it hadn't been for the well-trodden ground, it could be a four-star film but as it stands the British stereotypes are somewhat thin and ultimately it's not the sort of film you'd watch twice.
When a movie has a great cast we have a right to expect a movie to match.  This didn't come close.  It may seem interesting to create a story showing how lives interconnect etc.  But the script in this movie just doesn't amount to much.  The film aspires to be thought provoking and/or profound but I found it just provoking.  Why did I waste the time.  A few good scenes - Anthony Hopkins at an AA meeting etc.  But overall I found this to be a pretentious flop.
I love the show Burn Notice. It is a show I have watched religiously  from the begining.Bruce Campbell takes his sidekick job on Burn Notice to front and center in this TV movie. His Sam Axe Character back story is a cute idea to explore his TV mythos, which has never been covered fully in the four seasons of the show. If you want to view this film, he is the only reason to watch this film.After playing the character for four years, Campbell is comfortable in Axe's skin. The film is fairly done for a TV film, but the script by Notice scribe Matt Nix seems a jumbled mess with too many laconic ideals.Jeffrey (Micheal Weston)  Donovan directs this film without many of the Notice trademarks and style shots, which makes you watch this show more and more. It almost seem like this film was  rushed in its scope to wet your whisle for season five of Notice. Again the direction of this film  is due to the disorganized  script whixh plots in directions that peter outCampbell is likeable as Axe, but he has been likeable  in all of Burn Notice episodes. He can hold your interest, but this film is the wrong vehicle for him. He as I said before is the only reason to watch this tripe.Bennet PomerantzAUDIOWORLD
I enjoyed this show but it's not Gilmore Girls and it shouldn't try to pretend to be. The music, the actors, the nuances, the witty banter with smart references are all derivative of Gilmore Girls.  No, that's too little.  They're not derivative, they're exact copies. They didn't have to be.  The show had such potential but it didn't quite work.  It would be interesting to try it again with less Gilmoreness because the girls are quite engaging and the scripts are good.  They just need to be less Gilmore Girls and more about the girls and their dancing.
The film introduces 17th century super-hero Solomon Kane (James Purefoy). The opening and ending scenes are filled with special effects and sequences of a 5 star film. Unfortunately the filler isn't as great. Kane comes from a family of wealth and nobility. He rejects his role in life to establish his own, a treasure seeking killer. When the devil attempts to claim Kane's soul, Kane balks and looks for a path of redemption, one that evil forces him to leave.Unfortunately the film plunged from its opening scene. Bad guys have less of the super natural special effects and Kane fights like a normal person. His relationship with Meribeth (Rachel Hurd-Wood) sputters in its development.Makes a decent rental.Parental Guide: No f-bombs, sex, or nudity.
Watched this, and liked it, but just not my style of show. The acting and story are great, and the ideas are excellent, but I'm not so much into series now. If I was, this would be one of my favorites.
This is the quirkiest of the new Amazon pilots and certainly very entertaining as a bit of fluff that passes the time nicely.The cast is uniformly fun, good-looking and sexy, with some deliciously bitchy dialogue.Not necessarily very deep, but has a certain upmarket cache as it paints a glamorous picture of the professional and sex lives of classical musicians in New York.  It does have at least a certain unique feel about it missing from other networks and cable stations, and for that, Amazon should be applauded for taking a chance on this show.  The best pilot with the most distinctive voice, in my opinion, is TRANSPARENT.As it is, this is funny, sexy, and cool, and there's nothing wrong with that. I certainly wouldn't pass up watching more if it were taken to series.
Boring is the best thing I can say about this new series. Boring plot and characters, story line jumps all over the place.  Not something I would want to watch.
"All right just calm down, breath...breath." When secret service agent Jeremy Reins (Dorff) wakes up in a trunk of a car he thinks he is just kidnapped. When he begins to talk to someone through a CB he discovers it is much worse. He will die, along with people he knows unless he helps the terrorists. Helping them means telling them where the President it at. I need to tell you that I really liked the movie "Buried". I thought it was very tense all the way through. This movie is very similar to that one as it is basically just one man in a box for the whole movie. The one LARGE difference is the ending. I was hooked and on the edge of my seat for almost the whole movie I was going to give it an A because of how sucked in I was and how tense it made me feel. Then I watched the last ten minutes. The ending was so bad that all the momentum it had going for it left like a balloon popping. It just came out of no where and didn't make any sense at all. It almost totally ruined the movie for me. Overall, a great movie but had one of the worst endings I have ever seen. I give it a B.
POORLY DUBBED, STORY LINE/PLOT VERY WEAK LEFT A LOT TO BE DESIRE. THE SCENERY WAS GREAT THE COUNTRY SITE WAS TO DIE FOR.
Big let down from season one. This year's show is much too over the top with the writers throwing in every horror cliche and then even more cliches. Back to the drawing board for season 3.
Boring, poor editing, not very good investigative techniques.I can see why I never heard of the show, not worth the time.
Very slow moving plot if there is one.  Trying to tell to many stories and really not showing anything really grabs you.
I waited for 25 minutes for something to happen. Its like this show is trying to be edgy or trendy or appeal to &#34;hipster&#34; crowd. DO NOT....DO NOT make this show into a reality.
Being homage to the grindhouse movies, "Hobo with a Shotgun" is full of bloody violence. Whether or not the so-called grindhouse movies were this gory in reality is not the point. The point is, with scenery-chewing Rutger Hauer as the title role, we should not the gore-fest too seriously. My problem with "Hobo with a Shotgun" (developed from a "fake trailer" that won the Grindhouse Trailer contest), is that, 30 or 40 minutes in, the film gets surprisingly boring.Rutger Hauer plays the titular role, a vigilante homeless man "delivering justice" with a shotgun in crime-infested Hope Town ruled by The Drake (over-the-top Brian Downey). Hauer's unnamed character also befriends a prostitute named Abby (Molly Dunsworth). Like most low-budget exploitation movies, not much is explained about our hero and villains. It's all about mood and sensation, and so far the film is fine.Unfortunately, "Hobo with a Shotgun" offers little else than that. Watching Hauer blowing away the baddies is surely fun, but with a thin story and flat characters, the film's violent set-pieces start to get repetitious. Of course, the same thing can be said about most exploitation films "Hobo" pays homage to - and to a lesser degree a 2010 film "Machete" - but at least "Machete" has Steven Seagal and other B-list (and former A list) actors.It is pointless to accuse "Hobo with a Shotgun" of its never-ending violence. Where the film disappoints is its failure to add something new to the genre's convention, except the committed performance from the star Rutger Hauer.
Most of this show is about a group of people freaking out about being locked in a parking garage. There's a little scifi at the end but it wasn't worth waiting for.
This one is a little difficult to watch; while there are a few interesting moments there seem to be an abundance of meaningless filler moments that are difficult to watch. At midpoint I had to stop it and recover before I could go on with the movie the next day. You may well ask why I bothered and the only answer I can provide to that question was a slight curiosity how it would end.A little over half way through the movie starts getting a little more interesting as the two leads start their return to the USA. A serious libido problem on the guy's part causes them to miss a vital connection on their return trip and choose an alternate route home through dangerous territory.Much of the story is told after dark so the demands on the cgi are correspondingly reduced. In its favor there are some effective scenes showing life in the Mexican villages and some of the sequences are marginally interesting.Now let's consider another possibility; what if the alien monsters were symbolic of drug cartels, what if the whole thing is an allegory for the current situation with drug cartels in Northern Mexico? If one thinks in those terms there are some interesting parallels; for example the efforts of the United States to protect itself with a wall. Another would be the infected zones and their parallel with areas controlled by the cartels. The alien monsters had long tentacles which is similar to the tentacles of influence exercised by the cartels. The monsters were most active after dark which also characterizes the cartels. In those areas attacked by the monsters there was much devastation which is also a goal of the cartels. Another parallel are the evacuated zones in the United States; there are already areas of Arizona where citizens are warned not to go, are these infected zones perhaps?I've not seen any suggestions that the allegorical nature of Monsters is intended to reflect Northern Mexico's drug problem but it does make for some interesting speculation.If you are a dedicated sci-fi fan you may want to watch it just so you can say you did or you may want to check me out on my allegory speculation. I would be interested in hearing from any of you who care to investigate the possibility.
As a movie, this film was heartwarming, as well as a tear-jerker, no doubt about it. The acting was excellent, with the child-actor who portrayed young Colton,; believable. However, if you're looking for &#34;factual&#34; information on NDE's (Near Death Experiences) and/or, Scriptural proof of the existence of Heaven, I personally do not believe Heaven is for Real should be taken as absolute and complete evidence to support the movie's claim.The book with the same title, on the other hand, is a much more in depth and detailed ACCURATE account of 4 year old Colton; who had experienced an NDE only after he had DIED in the hospital after being several days with extremely high fever as  the poisonous toxins from of a ruptured appendix rushed throughout his little body. Also, the book adheres more to the truths that are found in Biblical Scripture.So, the bottom line: iIf you're looking for a feel-good, have-Kleenex-handy type of film, then this is it. If you're expecting to find definitive proof of the existence of Heaven through the eyes of a child, this is . ..not it.I do, however, recommend reading the book.
Area 407 is a found-footage horror film. A plane crashes in a mysterious area; the survivors are then stalked and attacked by a mysterious predator. The whole situation is documented by two sisters and a fellow journalists (two cameras). I enjoyed the intro and felt it was done well. We meet the characters through some decent dialogue and witness a frightening plane crash (at least for those of us scared to fly). Sadly, the movie goes downhill from here. It uses some very generic found-footage scenes like the shouting exchange found in most: "Please stop recording! Now is not the time! STOP!" (then hit the camera and cut out, recording restarts in a new scene). Also, I felt a lot of it was illogical, more than your average horror film. They take an hour to get the first-aid kit after the crash, the U.S. Air Marshall doesn't identify herself for hours after the crash, and the flight attendant and the Air Marshall don't really know what they're doing (aren't there emergency procedures for this instead of sitting around?) For a horror movie, I wasn't really scared, maybe once or twice. It had some tense moments, though. Acting ranged from good to bad. The ending was also decent, but not enough to complete redeem the film completely. It's a time-killer, though.Overall, it's not the worst found-footage film, but it's far from the best. If you're still interested, this film is available on Netflix Streaming as of 9/2/12, I can't recommend paying directly for this film.Area 407 has strong violence and blood (most of the violence is off-screen), no sex or nudity.
This show is not bad and a decent follow up to The Avatar. They just don't have quite the same impact that the originals did. Not sure I like the timeline advance.
When Arrow first came out, I loved it.  For whatever reason, this second season just falls flat for me. Laurel started out as a super strong lady and is now in a typical 'chick' roll that bores me. Sarah is bi-sexual? REALLY what purpose did THAT serve? Moria Queen killer of hundreds running for office? Lame!John Diggle and Felicity are the only two characters this season that seem to be growing and are enjoyable to me. I'm going to watch the rest of this season and decide then if I'll go with season 3.
First, this video includes what appears to be the season premier of Burn Notice on the end.  I watched Graceland and the credits ended and Burn Notice began.  Weird.As for Graceland it started off well.  Good idea, beautiful sets, humor and angst.  The house is a Big Brother with secret agents.The problem I see is that the female characters are too stereotypical. For spies that is.  I could barely tell the two female agents apart.  That does not bode well long term.But for now I will keep on watching it and hope they develop.
Very stupid, i just didn't get it, maybe I'm old school and epected something romantic to follow. 2 co-dependant people with issues, hard to grasps!
The writing is terrible.  The story is cheesy.  There are so many cliches and cheesy lines that it can make you wince.  There is only one thing that saves this show and that is the acting from the two Stars of the show.  The black girl... OMG WHERE HAS SHE BEEN ALL THIS TIME?  Why haven't I seen her before?  She's AMAZING.  A real talent.  Her acting is so natural and expressive.  The white guy He's also very impressive.  The producers lucked out getting these two on this show because without a doubt it would've been cancelled without them.  For the discerning among us, this show is very hard to watch because it's so bad... but it's also very hard not to watch because the stars are so good and the chemistry between them is on point.  It's a very unique combination to behold.
It's not you, it's me...The first two seasons were intriguing and a curiosity but as of season three, I am over it.
These are OK shows...some of them seem a little hokey. I used this show as a filler when Paranormal Witness goes on hiatus. It was not as fulfilling or very scientific based.
Well done, voice overs are clean, simulations are good but really not at the top of my list in terms of ghostly TV shows.
Carter was the best part of the show softening the mens' lack of personalities.  It's a good show, but I am disappointed.
Those who grew up watching disaster films produced and/or directed by Irwin Allen ('The Poseidon Adventure', 'The Towering Inferno') should enjoy 'Pompeii'.  For anyone else, it depends on your mindset going in.  Set in 79 A.D., Kit Harington ("Game of Thrones") stars as Milo, lone survivor of the Roman attack that slaughtered his entire Celtic tribe when he was still a child.  Now an adult and doomed to the life of a slave, Milo has learned to defend himself and fight - skills that bring him up to gladiator status, fighting in the arenas of Pompeii.  There, he meets and befriends Cassia (Emily Browning), daughter of the city's highest official and the girl he sets out to rescue when Mt Vesuvius blows, sealing Pompeii's fate forever.  If you can be okay with toss out story and characterization in favor of a colorful, action-packed film with kick-ass special effects once the volcano blows - and for what other reason would you really go into watching this film? - then it's a good ride and even better "guilty pleasure."(from[...])
Too boring for words...the whole thing fell flat from beginning to end and I amazed I even got to the end or did I? Forgettable to say the least.
We watched only one episode but found this to be too dark and depressing for us.  A bit uncomfortable with the relationship between mom Bates and her son Norman.  Not recommended.
When was the last time this show was scary?  The biters have become mere pests. They are no longer a real threat. Little Carl is much more frightening.  By Episode 13 of Season 3, dealing with the Zs has deteriorated into a game. When the zombies are treated like gnats, it's time to play the theme from "Jaws."  Dudes, the shark has been jumped.And what's with all this yakking. Is this The Talking Dead?  Episode 13 seems to be where things are bottoming out. Not one real fright in the hour. Rick and the Governor, still battling it out for Who is Nuttier, are at a sitdown at the behest of Andrea, a woman who can't see the forest or the trees. Her boyfriend keeps his zombie daughter in the breakfront, has a collection of living zombie heads in the parlor, stages gladiator fights with zombies, and she doesn't get it that he's a little, you know, odd?Anyway, the episode starts out reasonably well: Old Herschel is along as Rick's protection because when the going gets tough, there isnothing like an elderly one-legged man to provide back up, right?  But intriguingly, he has a gun and a knife strapped to his stump. Points for originality. And the Guv has a gun hidden under the sit-down table.  Okay, looks like we are going to have some action...the conflict will be resolved and one of the boys won't be going home. Yeah...dream on.  Rick and the Governor stare at one another meaningfully.  For minutes on end. And they talk. And they talk and they talk. Come on...we are not watching this show for the dramatic insights into their characters, we know the governor is insane and is determined to wipe out Rick's people, so why watch him pretend otherwise for most of the episode?  Enough dialogue...we want action, chills, terror. Otherwise we'd be watching some hip Indie film with Steve Buscemi and Christopher Walken. And when some Zs do show up, dispatching them is almost an afterthought.  Enter the shark.In addition to Rick and Guv's talk fest, other even more boring characters are highlighted.  Maggie and Glenn do their best to turn this into As The Zombie Turns as they examine where their relationship went wrong and then have a little gratuitous sex to keep those teenage boys tuning in.  Glenn is my least favorite character. He gets everything wrong and, when left in charge of the prison, decides to abandon his post and have a make out session with his galpal instead.  Ah, young love.  If a zombie singles him out, I will gladly provide condiments.Merle, the one-armed psychopath, is the only one who makes sense, wanting to take out the governor by sneaking up on him and whacking him. But the politcally correct Glenn won't stand for this. Another reason to dislike the little squirt.The show is becoming painful.  Let's have some more chills. I want the Walking Dead to scare me to death, not bore me to death. For a show that started out so well...the first episode was enough to induce nightmares, it's now a parody.  Please, please, scare the daylights out of us again. Make the biters scary again, not just little flies to annoy and be swatted away.  This may be the problem...the make up people have so many great ideas for creating rotted corpses, they have overdone it. Too many zombies and we get too used to them.  One zombie shuffling toward you in the dark, arms outstretched, coming at you slowly  but inexorably as you look around and see no way out...that's terrifying. But endless swarms of them shambling along and getting their poor little noggins busted over and over and over again?  Not so much.  Give us the Horror. Give us the Zombies...not the zzzzzzzzzzz.
The special effects are really poor, even for SciFi. This series is tied into a computer game, something that is going to be the next con job (like action figures became, where the made a series just to sell toys). Maybe the graphics are so bad because they wanted to match the 8 year old consoles graphics? I watched the pilot in 3 sittings because I got bored and started doing something else.They should have kept Alphas, or some other good series, instead of making this.
So how is it that Disney's latest uplifting sports drama, Million Dollar Arm, which is the true story of Major League Baseball's first Indian-born players, somehow is REALLY about how a rich, white sports agent saved them from an unfulfilled life? The stories of Rinku Singh (Suraj Sharma) and Dinesh Patel (Madhur Mittal) are of the underdog variety in every sense of the word, capable of warming the coldest of hearts and making you feel a little bit better about the bloated sport of baseball, all while providing an ethnic twist on a formula Disney has perfected over generations.  But rather than taking the opportunity to go in a somewhat different direction, we're treated to the same old slow-pitch fluff that can be seen coming from a mile away.Ironic that Mad Men star Jon Hamm leads the ensemble as struggling sports agent J.B. Bernstein, because somebody at Disney must have pitched the Hell out of this movie to get him to sign on. Bernstein gambled and left his cushy gig with an established firm to start his own, and now it's not looking like such a smart move. With all of his big money clients gone and their one major prospect bailing, Bernstein takes another huge risk. A moment of late night enlightenment involving a cricket match and Susan Boyle convinces him that the best way to turn things around is holding a reality TV competition in Mumbai. Gather India's best cricket bowlers and somehow turn them into Major League baseball pitchers, and in the process tap into that lucrative South Asian market. Problems solved. It's a ridiculous plan nobody thinks he can pull off, but Bernstein is desperate to maintain his lifestyle of fast cars and faster women. Speaking of women, he's renting out a room to a sexy med student (Lake Bell) who is destined to be a love interest. No two ways about it. It's formulaic claptrap but enjoyable and relatively inoffensive claptrap thanks to Hamm, Bell, and co-star Aasiv Mandvi who give the story some comedic punch early on. Plus, Hamm plays a great unaware douchebag. The only thing he does better is silent torment, and that comes later.Once in India the film simply hits all of the stereotypes like this were batting practice. Bernstein can't stand the heat, can't endure the traffic, and can't eat the food. The one baseball scout he can get to make the trip is a surly old curmudgeon, naturally played by Alan Arkin, who thinks the whole thing is a disaster. That is until he starts hearing some real juice. That's right, hearing it. He doesn't even open his eyes unless he hears a pitch go over 80mph, and they come from strong-armed lads Rinku and Dinesh.  Still untrained in how to pitch like a real baseball player (one uses a weird crane technique like The Karate Kid); Bernstein flies them back to Los Angeles to work with a skeptical pitching guru (Bill Paxton).Screenwriter Tom McCarthy (Win Win, The Station Agent) vacillates from bland inoffensiveness to ethnic awkwardness. Take for instance Bernstein's cartoonishly eager assistant, Amit, played by Bollywood actor Pitobash Tripathy. Apparently he's failed to realize this isn't a Bollywood movie because the level of overacting on his part, while charming at times, is mostly a distraction. Once back home there's little effort to go beyond the fish-out-of-water standard. Rinku and Dinesh eat too much pizza, struggle to learn baseball, marvel at Bernstein's massive home and gawk at his neighbor. We get a few brief moments where the pressure seems to get to them, and in these quiet asides we see that Sharma, who was so good in Ang Lee's Life of Pi, is the real deal as an actor. Performances aren't the problem here. Even Bell makes the most out of a stock role that is way beneath her at this point, and Arkin chews up the grass as we'd expect him to. But it's Hamm who has to carry most of the burden and he does seem to be the many sides of Don Draper most of the time. Bernstein is a manly guy whose masculinity is measured by his success, and when that starts to crumble so does he. Hamm wears the uncertainty and anger Bernstein carries well, and while the film as a whole isn't much he gives a game effort.The problem is that the story is framed to follow Bernstein's quest for success, not Rinku and Dinesh's journey to the big leagues. There's very little actual baseball seen here, yet even less of the two boys acclimating to a place of total excess. The fish-out-of-water aspect is unfortunately played up for laughs (which are few) rather than insight, and basically the whole thing feels very safe and sanitized. Craig Gillespie's direction is bright, sunny, and indistinct, while McCarthy's script lacks his usual nuance. One of McCarthy's greatest traits, seen in literally every one of his films, is the ability to show how strangers can find a common bond and become a family. He tries to do that here but never quite pulls it off.  Million Dollar Arm fits in the tradition of other crowd-pleasing, inspirational sports dramas, and for that reason it will surely have most audiences cheering. For that reason the film is more of a base hit than a total strike out.
I've come to expect anodyne pabulum with the illusion of depth from science fiction.  Defiance gives the appearance of something different, but it really isn't.There's a theme of cultural relativism, but in reality, the aliens are all way too similar in motivation to humans for this theme to work.  There's a bunch of goofy songs and ceremonies that are cringe-worthy and the motorcycle gang has a guy wearing Slash's pilgrim hat which is just embarrassing.  The juxtaposition of aliens driving vintage cars is intentional, but it's just too obvious to be entertaining.  You feel like you're watching a bad SNL skit at times.Every alien race is humanoid-- Jaime Murray is painted white and walks around half naked.  What are the chances that another planet would evolve a white human with a perfect body and perfect teeth (she played a meth addict in Dexter?!?)  From Farscape's Rockne S. O'bannon, I was expecting a flying frog at the very least!The mayor is miscast and it sounds like she's been huffing helium.  Her sister runs the town brothel and guess who she serviced in the first episode?  It's either a delicious love triangle or horrible writing depending on your age and intelligence.The kids from the two most powerful families are in love in Alien Romeo and Juliet fashion.  Neither parents approve initially.  Again, either a delicious forbidden romance or horrible and hackneyed writing depending on your age and intelligence.Incidentally, the boy in that romeo and juliet rip off has a radio broadcast at the top of the Arch-- just like the Woody Allen obsessed DJ from Northern Exposure.  Besides sounding like a massive tool, that white skinned and golden eyed douche's broadcasts makes me wince at just how derivative, hokey, and hackneyed the series is.They end many episodes with a pop culture song that comes off as gimmicky.  For instance, in episode two, they play Nirvana's 'come as you are' with a slowed tempo and you notice how nonsensical the heroin inspired lyrics are.  This could have been intentional to highlight the senseless barbarity of the final few minutes of the episode, but for me it just didn't work and reminded me of the final minutes of each Flashpoint episode which I always fast forwarded through.There were some cool things like 'razor rain', but the show keeps venturing into 'soap opera' territory.They also used the phrase "for the record...", and they have people calling silly things "amazing" for which I always subtract at least one star.  I initially loved the sci fi series Bitten, but after they used the word "amazing" about ten times in five minutes, I had to quit watching.One final point:  You should look up Defiance on wikipedia for the backstory.  The series does not explain the history after the Votan (all 7 alien races) arrival, the subsequent war, the accidental release of terraforming technology, or destruction of the Votan fleet and the ensuing debris field that makes air travel or radio communication impossible.I was inspired to write this review after reading the most highly voted on 5 star review which gave an erudite explanation of how Defiance fits into the 'frontier spirit' of American film and literature.  I agreed with most of the review as to what the series was intended as.  My problem with that review was that Deadwood makes Defiance unnecessary and childish and you have to look past way too many hokey tropes to see it.
The Originals were great in The Vampire Diaries.But as a standalone show?  Not so much.  Why?  Because of Klaus and Elijay mainly.  While superbly acted, the characters are written to be too one dimensional.  They become caricatures of themselves - Klaus the psycho killer and Elijay the dapper brother.  Pizza is great.  But pizza all day, everyday is too much.The other thing is the &#34;family&#34; theme that gets pounded into the viewers' head constantly.  We get it.  Ease up ok?  I know this is supposed to be a more adult story and they obviously can't go with teen angst but the family theme just seems forced.Lastly, the actor that plays Marcellus has an annoying squint in his eyes and a half smile all the time that is incredibly annoying to watch.  It's like watching Gilbert Gotfried.  And Gilbert Gotfried is annoying.
The premise is good but the writing needs to improve.Avoid completely unrealistic situations, like the team going to the draftee's house to beg him to join the team - that would never happen in real life. Those kind of ridiculous scenes will sink the show.I want to see the characters evolve over time, growing as the team slowly gets better.Avoid the cheap jokes. Right now it feels like a vapid summer movie, but it has the potential to be as good as Alpha House.Demand the best from the writers and this could be a winner.
I'm usually critical of american horror. There are no suprises here regarding the usual formulas but the screaming bimbo in it wasn't a bad actress. It had a boogie man in it and the mad chase through the cornfield,which is the spring bit I suppose .I liked the second plot that overlapped the more surreal initial plot; it brought the mundane world in that was an interesting contrast for both plots.It must have had a good director despite being a cookie-cutter film. There are many horror devotees who would enjoy it,  I'd think.
IN THEIR SKIN stars Selma Blair and Josh Close as a young couple who move with their gentle son into Dad's family home.  Of course, there's a tragic family secret haunting them.  Soon they meet their over effusive neighbors played by James D'arcy and Rachel Miner and their bullying son who gradually insinuate themselves into their lives.The film moves languidly and there are no real surprises or genuine thrills.  Blair sleepwalks through her role and D'arcy adopts a Hannibal Lechter impersonation that just doesn't work.More intensity in the pacing and performances might have had better results.  Sadly, IN THEIR SKIN just doesn't succeed.
When last year I saw the poster for this then yet-to-released movie at my local independent movie theatre, I was thrilled and really couldn't wait to see this, since I was such a fan of the book upon which this isbased. Then for whatver reason the movie never came to the theatres here in Cincinnati, so I recently checked out the DVD."Freakonomics" (93 min.) tries to bring onto the screen pretty much the same stories that the co-authors brought us in the book. Most of the stories as brought in the movie actually are condensed and gloss over a lot of the details, in particular the data supporting the seemingly unexpected results from the "hidden side of everything". That proves to be a fatal flaw for the movie, even if the movie is not bad as entertainment. The one section that goes further than what is in the book is the Sumo wrestling investigation to explore corruption, and that was foor me the best part of the movie. In all, it's not a bad movie, and certainly compared to the crap of most Hollywood mainstream commercial movies, this is a standout movie.Every single reviewer of this movie falls into 1 of 2 categories: either as having read the book before seeing the movie, or as not having read the book. I can almost guarantee that very few of us who have read the book, will be entralled with the movie. If you happen to not have read the book or seen the movie yet, I'd suggest you save your money on this DVD and instead head on over to Amazon's Books section and buy Freakconomics and its sequel Superfreakonomics.
I loved this show from the first season. However. this seven and final season, collected in this dvd set,  seemed disjointed, over-played  and lost direction of the original show's concept. I know every good show has to change, but this went a total 360 and tried to alienate its fans with this season's grittier edge.. Micheal's deep undercover mission would have been great for another show, not for Burn Notice. Show creator and producer Matt Nix just went too far off the basic concept and its showsThe cast was and is amazing.This is one great reason to get this set. The acting is never better. Jeffrey Donovan as Micheal Weston leads this cast so well. Gabrielle Anwar (Fi),Bruce Campbell (Sam), Sharon Gless (Maddy), and Coby Bell ( Jesse) blend so great together.The highlight of this season is the casting of John Pyper-Ferguson who is larger than life villian,  James Kendrick. When he is on screen, his powerful and hypnotic presents compells you to watch. His character is only in six episodes, you can wish he was in moreThe fatal twist is a death is the last episode of a beloved character to save the rest of the group. I felt the death of unneeded and was a waste. It is an emotional turning point in the final episode, this  after last year death of Micheal's brother Nate . This character unselfish act is something you would not see coming, since all these character have cheated death all seven seasons.One note, with only one commentary of the forget me not episode makes me wish they did a few more commentary, especially since this was the show's final season.This is one show I would love , in five years,  to see a reunion movie and find out where many of these character are.RIP Burn Notice ..you were great escapist TB for seven season..ThanksBennet PomerantzAUDIOWORLD
I bought it because I am a Ryan Gosling fan.The storyline was okay but the movie plodded in spots. The end was interesting.I would recommend this to someone who is a Gosling fan but don't expect Gangster Squad!
What a mess. First-time feature director and screenwriter Leslye Headland goes for the jugular in this 2012 black comedy which takes the same cues as 2011's megahitBridesmaidsdoes but frankly doesn't take them far enough to be remotely funny. In fact, I laughed only once during the film's 91-minute running time (it was the line about Michael Jackson). That's too bad because producers Will Ferrell and Adam McKay were able to recruit a first-class cast and then unfortunately lets Headland flounder with a predictably belabored situation, leaden pacing, and gags that are overly deliberate in execution. The threadbare plot focuses on a dysfunctional trio of obnoxious girlfriends who gather together &agrave; laThe Hangoverfor a hedonistic night of celebration before their friend's big wedding. The bride-to-be is Becky, a former geek whom the trio viciously called "Pig Face" in high school behind her back. Now hitting thirty and finding their lives disappointing to say the least, the girlfriends are horrified to be beaten to the altar by someone they treated as a mascot to make themselves feel better.The alpha leader is Regan, the overachieving maid of honor known appropriately as the Hannibal Lecter of bridesmaids. Although resentful of Becky's happiness, she is determined to make sure the wedding goes off without a hitch, a challenge given that she inadvertently ripped Becky's wedding dress during a drunken binge with bubble-headed Katie and perennial party girl Gena. The three women desperately figure out how to fix the dress in the middle of the night as they cavort with the various groomsmen out on their own bachelor party. So many moments ring false including the set-up and the lightning-flash changes in the characters just to service the plot, but at least the cast is game. Fresh from playing the understandably depressed bride inMelancholia, Kirsten Dunst appears to savor her mean-girl turn as Regan with surprising acuity and fearlessness. I give her credit for not being afraid to come across as unlikeable. Playing a more extreme version of the obsessed sister she played inWedding Crashers, Isla Fisher plays Katie with nervy comic abandon and obviously reflects her husband Sacha Baron Cohen's go-for-broke influence.Starting with a scene on a plane with Horatio Sanz as she graphically describes how she gauges a certain act, Lizzy Caplan gets to play Gena as the tough-talking chick still aching for the boyfriend who abandoned her when she became pregnant. Adam Scott plays the boyfriend in his typically smarmy manner, while James Marsden gets to play his cynical character in the same vein as Regan's foil. I was surprised to see Andrew Rannells, star of Broadway'sThe Book of Mormon, play Katie's flamboyant co-worker and the party stripper. Rebel Wilson, who played Kristen Wiig's brain-dead roommate inBridesmaids, has to play straight woman this time to the nasty trio as poor Becky, though she gets to have a few choice comic moments in the home stretch. Speaking of which, Headland cuts a lot of corners in the third act in a last-ditch effort to deepen the characters. It doesn't really work since any goodwill the movie generated had long since evaporated by then. It's no wonder this movie has shown up on Amazon Instant Video and Video on Demand a month before its theatrical release since word-of-mouth will likely sink the film's chances at the box office. At least at home, the producers have gullible viewers like me who were willing to give it a try without leaving the couch, a big mistake on my part.
I love Schrieber but I hated this movie it was long it was the worst alien ripoff I've ever seen and I couldn't wait for to be over if I hadn't purchased it I would've given up
Something for fans of horror.  This takes it to another level where you more than sympathies with the lead characters.  I got board with their situations after awhile and stopped watching.
(1.) Dumb; not a comedy no matter how bombastically distorted the characters were.(2.) No lesson or message to be learned in these absurd caricatures.(3.) Only the genetic abnormalities found in the world of Hollywood and it's hanger-oners would find the perversions of romance a fascinating story.
We live in an apartment complex in the Bronx and I think this is the first kids show I have seen where the characters live in an apartment.  Besides liking the setting my 7 year old son liked the characters and the music.  He also liked that they solve a mystery.  He said he would watch another episode if it was available.
It hought I would really like this show but it is a little on the boring side.  Don't care for the plot anymore.
Maybe with time the actors will become comfortable with their characters and stop over-acting them.  Denis Quaid scowls and growls even when he smiles.  I get it, you are a miserable rancher forced into being a miserable sheriff.Chiklis isn't very imposing as a chicago goon in the desert.  Full face camera shots of his expressionless face don't frighten anyone.  OH....a miserable Havana casino manager now a miserable Vegas casino manager!The actor who plays Dix needs to decide what voice he is going to use all the time.....he sounds like Rich Little doing Denis Quaid....or a whining kid.  Pick one, please.The brother of the sheriff could disappear and noone would notice.  He and the casino chick will finally get it one when Frank and Dean come back.
This is a show with some good qualities but not enough to make me want to watch it on a weekly basis.  Transparent is an LA twist on a soap opera structure.  Quirky family members  who love each other but drive each other crazy. They do weird things that reflect the oddity of our modern American society.  For me, this is been there seen that.  I also find the rude, cutesy, quirky urbanite characters truly annoying.  I deliberately live in a shrink dink Northern California town so I do not have to be around the kind of people in this drama.I cannot fault the writing and the structure because it is pretty good.  i just have a limited amount of time and that time will be spent watching something else.
The overall theme is what happens in a future society that uses technology to enhance the connection between the common person and those pedestal statured special people. This behavior is prevalent in all cultures - an obsessive fascination with anything celebrity and successful. The emulation and fanaticism is most obvious in sports where bizarre mindless mobs dress and scream their iconic team to success while believing that that success is now their personal own achievement.The movie shows this obsession taken to the extreme where the common person pays to be injected with whatever disease (e.g. herpes) their idol is currently experiencing to further strengthen their bond.Well acted, appropriate sets. Only weakness is a bit of obscurity in how the script and visuals conveys this theme to the viewer and also a little too slow of a pace. Additional issue is the forced viewing of a series of movie ads in the beginning before you are allowed into the movie.
The idea is okay for a special but there is too much sameness for a series. Also, these people seem a bit obsessive about their animals.
Not my kind of comedy. I think that the younger generation may like this more. The whole concept is very thin.
I don't like her rebelling against Augie. For me Augie made the show and her responses to him and when she worked with him were great.
It has possibility, but obviously rough, half stop motion, half animation. The story line was OK too, time will tell. Sorry, it just didn't elicit any strong reactions.
This show has really gone down hill fast. The storyline is getting ridiculous and convoluted. This is not the type of series that lends itself to long seasonal and mid-seasonal breaks because people forget what is going on and give up trying to follow it.  I am guessing that this will be the final season - at least it will be for me.
I appreciate any effort to highlight racial and religious hostilities in a comedic light.  It's a difficult high wire act to address sensitive, and potentially offensive, topics through humor and so the fact that "The Infidel" does so overtly and aggressively was a pleasant surprise.  Absolutely terrific in conception, I was wholeheartedly with "The Infidel" at the beginning.  Played for over-the-top laughs by mining (almost cartoonishly at times) ethnic stereotypes, the film starts fast, funny, and unapologetically wrong (in a good way).  It is, however, a frenzied and challenging pace to match and soon the picture began to wane as the comedy becomes a little forced and the sweetly accepting message starts to materialize.  It's tolerance as preached by The Three Stooges--with its slapstick antics and requisite learning moments.The basis for the film is absolutely inspired!  A riff on social politics and an identity crisis comedy, we meet Omid Djalili as a Muslim family man.  A modern Muslim, to be sure, but not progressive enough that he can help getting into a feud with a Jewish man (Richard Schiff) at the drop of the hat.  As his son wishes to marry the daughter of an extremist leader, Djalili and family must prove their devoutness.  But this couldn't happen at a worse time because Djalili discovers that he is adopted and Jewish!  So funny, and played for big broad laughs, these are some of the finest moments in the film.  Naturally, much cliche'd hilarity ensues as he tries how to learn how to be Jewish from Schiff in comedic montages.  From here, the film ventures into love and understanding mode before wrapping things up with a rather tidy bow.  Not a particularly revelatory journey, when all is said in done, but amusing throughout.Everyone in the cast works very hard to pull off "The Infidel."  The performers are a talented and appealing bunch--no more so than lead Djalili who has learned his buffoonish bluster from the masters!  Ultimately, however, that's what it started to feel like for me--work.  Everything was in overdrive and, as they say in the theater, played to the rafters.  The outrageously funny moments gets watered down and become repetitive the longer the movie progresses.  And the ending, with its easy and convenient denouement, erases any conflict with some magical plot constructions.  I won't deny that seeing Schiff and Djalili spar isn't amusing because it is.  I did think that this terrific idea of a film, however, relied too much on obviousness and not enough on cleverness.  I look forward to the filmmaker's next effort as I think he's got much to say--but "The Infidel" (for me) started with a 4 star punch and ended in a 3 star, and very expected, finale.  KGHarris, 2/11.
First off, I've enjoyed most vampire TV shows over the last two decades, and they've all had some things in common, and they've all had some differences. Most of them steal from the original (Bram Stoker) and all of them have liberally stolen from each other and from literary sources (such as Anne Rice) because vampire canon, such as it is, was limited by the original Stoker Dracula and re-invented imaginatively by Anne Rice. I loved, loved, LOVED Buffy The Vampire Slayer (the TV show, not the movie) because it was such an amazing dramatic TV show, as was its spin-off Angel.That said, I disagree with most reviewers who've said Moonlight is a rip-off of Buffy or Angel. It is not. The only supernatural beings on Moonlight are the vampires, not the pantheon of assorted trolls, demons, and other evil beings from other dimensions and portals that Buffy and Angel and the Scooby gang so frequently encountered and defeated. Also, the only evils on Moonlight are committed by humans -- and occasionally vampires.So far the vamp TV show Moonlight most closely resembles is Forever Knight, the short-lived (3 seasons) CBS "Crime Time After Prime Time" early 90s late night show set and shot in Toronto. Mick St. John on Moonlight is not unlike Nick Knight on Forever Knight, in terms of his longing to be human and his angst about the "monster" he perceives himself to be.Both shows featured the main character in triangulated relationships which provide conveniently built-in emotional tension for character and relationship development, plot devices, and historical flashbacks/backstory. Both shows featured the main male vampire character dancing around his attraction to a beautiful human woman, with both of them knowing that the relationship could never be consummated without danger, death, or some other terrible outcome (the human being "turned" vampire and condemned to a life of darkness and undeath); thus the two are therefore locked in a perpetual state of unresolved sexual tension packed with opportunities for jealous interference in each other's lives (plot device), and only half-heartedly able to pursue romantic attachments with truly available partners of the same, er, species (living or undead) (also plot devices). And, like Nick Knight, Mick St. John prefers not to drink (eat) humans -- but where Nick Knight made do with cow blood, Mick St. John subsists on human donor blood. Moonlight, in those respects, is formulaically quite similar to Forever Knight. (After this point, there are SPOILERS, so you may want to stop reading now...)However, there are some clever differences: Forever Knight's big, bad sire vampire LaCroix, who used female vampire protege Janette to lure Nick into accepting his "gift" of eternal life (and provided and amplified the delightful homoeroticism of the mentor/protege possessor/possessed relationship) has been replaced by Coraline. Coraline is Mick St. John's ex-wife and sire on Moonlight -- an apparently evil female vampire who'd lived some 500 years, sired Mick (made him a vampire) on their wedding night (in 1952), and enmeshed him in an obsessive, addictive relationship from which he tried to break free many times but usually couldn't. He never wanted to be a vampire -- he didn't even know she was one when they married. She made him a vampire against his will, without asking him or getting his permission. Now, of course, he has "trust issues." She, from her perspective, gave him a "gift" of eternal life -- freedom from death (sounds familiar -- like LaCroix on Forever Knight!).Coraline crossed a fatal line, however, when she kidnapped a human girl to make their couplehood a little "family" (sounds familiar, eh? rather like Lestat, Louis, and Claudia in Anne Rice's Interview With The Vampire). Mick, by this time (1982), was using his vampire skills to do good as a private detective (it is implied, though not directly stated, that he "does good" as a PI because he feels guilty about the "bad" he's done as a vampire). It was in this capacity that the girl's mother approached him to find her daughter Beth -- only for Mick to discover that it was his wife Coraline who kidnapped the innocent child in a demented ploy to win him back.Another re-invention on Moonlight is that wooden stakes don't kill vampires, they just paralyze them. Only beheading and fire kill vampires in the Moonlight universe. Mick, in his PI role in the first episode, finds the distraught mother's little girl, rescues her, stakes his crazy ex-wife/lover/sire Coraline to paralyze her, and sets the place on fire before locking her in. The little girl he rescues is returned intact to her family. Thus begins Mick's distant "relationship" with Beth Turner, who grows up to be a reporter for BuzzWire, a mostly online magazine that's not unlike the tabloid Courtney Cox's character Lucy edits on FX's show Dirt, except it's less celebrity-focused and more local crime story sensationalism. Mick keeps an eye on Beth from afar until a new case in 2007 LA causes their paths to cross again.In the first episode of Moonlight, "No Such Thing as Vampires," Beth, now grown into a beautiful blond with journalistic ambitions (but news-whore tendencies), winds up working with Mick to track down what may or may not be a vampire killer so she can score a big win with her editor and online readers. Mick works with her so he can both protect her and eliminate this threat to the secret existence of vampires in LA (with strong encouragement from his amoral vampire friend Josef, a 400-some year old vamp played by Jason Dohring, formerly on Veronica Mars).I didn't watch this episode on CBS. In fact, I didn't watch the first 6 episodes of Moonlight on TV at all -- I watched them on CBS' web site of full video, Innertube. I was intrigued by Alex O'Loughlin's eye-candy good looks, I've always loved the vampire genre, and I dearly loved Jason Dohring's dysfunctional portrayal of Logan Echolls on Veronica Mars, so I knew I wanted to catch the show. But I wasn't about to be seduced by a show that had already had so many rumors of troubled production and bad writing. The first episode was as predicted: stilted dialogue, cliche-ish plot devices, utterly predictable plot and twists.However, what keeps me watching the show are several things: (1) the show has a beautiful, SoCal corrupt clarity about it, a noir look that is dark, decadent, sexy, and shiny; (2) Alex O'Loughlin just takes over the screen when he's on it because he's got screen presence and, despite the poor material, seems to have a fairly nuanced set of acting skills, including tiny facial movements and slight changes in body position/language, which communicate volumes; (3) Jason Dohring, who provides major competition for O'Loughlin when they share the screen, and plays his amoral, jaded vampire role to the hilt, practically eating up the scenery, and (4) Sophia Myles, who had actual vamp cred prior to Moonlight (in the first Underworld movie) and is herself not a bad piece of eye-candy of the female persuasion, and has some chemistry with O'Loughlin. She also isn't your typical stick-thin, anorexic-looking TV actress; the girl's got a little meat on her bones. So, unlike many of the women on TV, she actually occasionally looks like a "real" woman. Finally, (5) the show manages to have a sense of humor and sarcasm about the city it's set in -- LA -- and the surface-obsessed tendencies of the majority of the people and the business that keep it going.The first episode, however, was straight out of B-movie (or is that B-TV) hell. I thought, "Eh, that was was pretty; I'll watch the next ep on the web and see if it gets any better." I mainly knew I would come back for Jason Dohring and because O'Loughlin is pretty enough to keep me coming back, too. But I wasn't expecting much from the show based on the first episode. I figured it would be my guilty pleasure, something I'd watch as "webisodes" and not much else.Surprisingly, it's getting really good. This has a lot to do with improved writing, developing backstory, intersecting relationship triangles, and the growing role of Shannyn Sossamon as Mick's ex-wife and vampire sire Coraline. It's still eye candy, but I don't feel as guilty about watching it -- and now I actually watch it on TV. I even got suckered into buying it via Amazon Unbox. I credit mostly Alex O'Loughlin and Jason Dohring with this. But the most recent episodes (we're up to episode 9 now) have ratcheted up the tension between Beth and Mick, while also increasing the tension between Mick's happily-amoral and happily-non-human friend Josef (Jason Dohring) and the unhappy, secretly self-hating Mick, who longs for a cure for his vampirism, some way to turn human again.Adding the seductive Coraline (Shannyn Sossamon) in flashbacks to fill out the story of how Mick "went to bed a happily married man and woke up a monster" has only improved the show's "grab" factor. The chemistry between Alex O'Loughlin and Sophia Myles is a nice slow burn, but it truly sizzles with Shannyn Sossamon. And there's a nice metrosexual homoerotic chemistry with Jason Dohring as well. There are some very sexy (though still network-TV-permissible) scenes on later eps and I'm looking forward to upcoming episodes.Make no mistake: like Angel, Buffy -- and Forever Knight before them, as well as movies like Interview with the Vampire and 30 Days Of Night -- what makes Moonlight, and all vampire TV shows and movies entertaining is not necessarily the vampires. It's that their vampirism allows for extremes of behavior and emotion that dramatize the joys and horrors of being human, and provide a starker backdrop for portraying the sometimes excruciating choices we must make between the lesser of two (or three or four) evils, or when emotion overrules reason in our decision-making. They're still vampire shows, and that will result in some people dismissing them outright -- just as some people dismiss science fiction as not "serious" literature. But as Battlestar Galactica fans know, it's not the genre that defines the shows, it's the characters and what they do in the extreme situations they're thrown into that makes for compelling television.From that perspective, this early episode of Moonlight is not compelling at all, and neither is the second. But the show is coming along, it is definitely coming along.Watch this first episode, "No Such Thing As Vampires," and the second Moonlight episode, as the contrived set-ups they are for the seven following (more entertaining and less contrived) episodes.
The series plotlines are very interesting and well done. The acting is at best mediocore. Why homicide detectives roam the underworld of murder without weapons is pretty lame and why do all these British mystery series need a &#34;doubting Thomas&#34; sidekick/superior that get in the way of the investigations and need to criticize the lead detective?  The ending to season 1 was quite disappointing. It was like they didn't know how to complete the story so they just  .....SPOILER ALERT ....  had the unsub commit suicide. DUMB !!! some reason to  Give the audience someone to root for. I understand &#34;good&#34; doesn't always prevail, but give us hope.The lead character is not at all interesting and even their attempt to make him OCD falls flat. He bumbles his way through each investigation and doesn't make you care about him one or the other. I give this series 2 and 1/2 stars.
It is nice to see some of the more popular comedians when they were first starting out. You can tell why some made it big and some didn't. If you like stand up comedy, I recommend giving it a try.
I'd hoped that in addition to interviews with knuckleball pitchers, the DVD would also show pitches in slow-motion, from angles that allowed one to clearly see how the ball behaves on the way to the plate. Also some description of the physics involved, and an explanation of why there are so few knuckleball pitchers. Didn't happen.
When I saw that these famous authors were going to be talking about cases they found fascinating enough to write into novels/true crime, I was quite excited. And the stories were interesting, but the editing of the video was awful. There are numerous repetitions where the time could have been much better used to give more detail or information. The idea is a great one. The execution was fair.
Im not a Matt Smith nor Clara fan so but I love dr who =  3/5. The stories are good.. I just am not a fan of the characters here despite the extra graphic work etc..Some of these pieces seemed rather unresolved to me as .. like we should be looking for a next part?.. I do like how they tie some of the older stories in such as when River returns briefly.
I agree with other comments about how this video is not good for the family to watch.  Moral values of this film are very poor.I did not even get very far into the movie before seeing way too much sex and nudity. I would not recommend this movie to anyone with moral values.
Great premise however at times the editing/poor audio editing makes it nearly non view able.  Some episodes they talk about an items and do not even show you the price it sold for Etc.
For those who love shaky fake found footage, this one is da bomb. A group of criminals film their escapades of vandalism and assaults to sell to a buyer. They then enter a house to get a VHS tape, they will know it when they see it. The rest of the movie shows us found footage film within a found footage film. Oh joy. There is a dead man in the house sitting in front of a series of TVs. Each hooligan watches a film segment, then disappears from the movie. The film segments are not connected, i.e. there is no real common theme other than it is more snuff than horror with a different type of monster/entity in each piece.The final installment, I thought had the best special effects, but with the jerky camera motion and people screaming makes it difficult to enjoy any of it.Parental Guide: F-bombs, sex, and plenty of nudity, including full frontal (Hannah Fierman).
Okay, I admit it...I look at accidents on the highway and I watched the full first season of Californication.First, it's completely "overbaked" including the annoying theme tune...and I watched it anyway. Second, it's completely formulaic right down to the required-for-cable sprinklings of T&A...and; I watched it anyway. The Sex in the City-esque voiceovers - both with and without the typing on the computer - was a hurlfest for me...and I watched it anyway.If I hadn't lived in LA myself and hadn't known more than one guy like Duchovny's character maybe I wouldn't have been sucked in, but alas, I was. Maybe there's some backward-masking or some subliminal messaging that got me through this. I'm not proud to say it, but I watched it and it's okay. Not great IMHO, but okay.
Invasion Earth is a very slow moving Sci-Fi that you really have to try hard to get through the first few episodes. I would not recommend this series.
I don't know why this show is popular,  it's not good. I thought it would be like Merlin from BBC, but it's not. It's about teenagers. It's way too shallow for me.
Took me a whole month to finally get to watch Heroes to it's entirety.And I must say Seasons 1 and 3 are my favorites.Season 3 had it's moments but this is where you will get answers leading to the ending event of Season 1.Because I've been binge-watching, I get to understand the reasons why fans stopped watching.If you have to wait week after week for a new episode then the episodes don't deliver, who should stop you from ever watching again?But this is where I get to appreciate the show even with it's flaws because I get to see the entire picture.If Season 2 doesn't make sense,so is Season 4.They called it Redemption but the only redeeming points are of Peter using his powers for good and Hiro seeing Charlie therefore closing that chapter of his life.Claire is still lost and so is Tracey.They are still looking for the answer to the meaning of life with power.Sylar being in Matt's head is kinda repetitive, you just want to finish the show so you can move on to watching another tv show.The writers really killed it.And the ending?Brave New World.Lame! Heroes with Sylar vs Samuel.It's mismatched.The Puppeteer can kill Samuel on his own without the help of any hero.Needless to say, Heroes is worth watching especially if you are a Superhero fan.And in case, you haven't heard.It is returning in 2015 with the title Heroes Reborn.Yatta! Would really like to see some original cast return like Peter and Hiro, even Micah/Rebel.It's going to be a long wait and hopefully, it will be worth it.
I know they had plans for a Season 6, so the show doesn't wrap up as neatly as it could have and I still have a place in my heart for Stargate, even if this isn't SG-1, but overall this season was disappointing. It had it's moments and I love the sci-fi and imagined history, but I just couldn't get into it anymore. Watch it for free, but I don't think there is a need to spend your money on this.
Interesting characters, but very dark and depressing stories.  I watch lots of mystery series, and when I say this is one of the darkest I have seen I am not exaggerating.  I am glad I watched the series, but it is not one of my favorites.
I never got into this series. I wasn't sure if this was a parody or a drama so I gave up on it.
I only watched part way though the first episode and had to turn it off.  Showing a celebrity throw up is not my idea of entertainment,
Brian Lighthouse (Dave Annable) photographs pets in clothes for a living. His new assistant Tonya (Mena Suvari) is sexy, playful and is in love with Brian who for some reason avoids her advances. Through some poorly scripted circumstances Brian finds himself in a position where he must marry Masha (Katharine McPhee) the daughter of a crime boss (Ken Davitian) in order for her to obtain her green card. After a year, the marriage will be annulled and she will then marry the overly jealous Vinnie Jones. Dad and Vinnie forbid consummating the relationship, even as they honeymoon in Tahiti.Brian's under utilized mom (Kathy Bates) offers little in the way of helpful advice as she is a stay at home mom. The poorly conceived plot drags along and then at about 45 minutes into the film, we get the twist and the movie becomes a watchable comedy, formula and all. This will work as a date night film and perhaps a teen family night. Mena "Kitten" Suvari steals all the scenes. Her part was written better than Katharine McPhee.Parental Guide: No f-bombs, sex, or nudity. Some sexual double entendre.
Oh, man. This was a show I really wanted to love. It has two of my favorite actors, Kevin Bacon and James Purefoy. It has a solid supporting cast with the likes of Natalie Zea, Annie Parrise and Shawn Ashmore. It seemed to have a solid plot.However, in THE FOLLOWING, Fox's latest attempt to get more "edgy", it bludgeons the viewer with every single possible cliche in almost every episode. It's a veritable clown car of character tropes, red herrings, laughably bad dialogue, abysmal plotting, and narcoleptic performances.Here's the plot: Ryan Hardy (Bacon) is a former FBI profiler who was once involved with the chase, and ultimately the capture, of charismatic college professor and failed writer (and co-ed serial killer) Joe Carroll (Purefoy), whose killings have the shared theme of Edgar Allan Poe-style murders. Hardy is wounded badly in the capture and now has a pacemaker. Since the capture, he's drowned himself in alcohol and wrote a book about the Carroll case. Suddenly, Carroll escapes his maximum-facility incarceration and intends to continue his murder spree with his "following"; a cult of various murderous misanthropes who have all been bitten by the crazy bug. Hardy is brought back into the fray, so that Carroll can continue his game of cat and mouse with Hardy, but with Carroll's followers, all who have impossibly played out various roles of importance to Hardy and the people around him, remain one step ahead. It's SILENCE OF THE LAMBS meets The Manson Family.Showrunner Kevin Williamson, who rightly made a name for himself with the SCREAM films, has very little faith in the target audience for a show of this type. It's a consistent insult to the intelligence of those who watch the show as the FBI and Hardy stumble around like the Keystone Kops, feebly attempting to quell the murders, but also to save Carroll's ex-wife (Zea) who Ryan is in love with, and Carroll's son. It's as if none of the pursuing forces have more than three or four brain cells functioning at any given time, EXCEPT when the plot requires them to suddenly become brilliant.With maybe the exception of Purefoy, every cast member, especially Bacon, seems to just be cashing a check here. Bacon has never EVER been as dull as his performance is in this show. Even he seems to be asking himself, "Why am I in this idiotic show?" as he lumbers from plot point to plot point. Purefoy at least seems like he's having some fun here playing Hannibal Lec... ahem... I mean, Joe Carroll as he chews his way through most of the scenery in the show.So why three stars? Because at the end of every episode, after I've been screaming at the television about how stupid the FBI are, I find myself taken with the idea that the series in and of itself is a long-form parody of these types of stories. Williamson was all about playing against the stereotypes while playing with them in SCREAM, and for whatever reason, I believe that this show is somehow totally aware of how bad it is, and is willing to keep making itself more and more idiotic and implausible as the season went on.Either that, or THE FOLLOWING is really one of the worst shows in recent memory. It's probably the latter, but I kind of hope it's the former.
I was disappointed to find that this show was a complete set up.  I guess I should have known, but the characters are obnoxious and out of control.
Interesting to read previous reviews.  I can't say I agree with any of them.  I like Defoe as an actor, but an actor needs something to work with.  If you have a couple of hours to waste, or need something to put you to sleep, this will probably work.
Didnt NBC try this show already? What is this show going to be about? Here is the cast of the show:Lead singer from Likin ParkPoor mans nick swardsonsuper poor joel mchale.How is this rated so highly?
not so good. steve coogan is usually fantastic. much of his television stuff is off the hook funny and he has a real knack for writing dialogue that's snappy, quick witted and pointed, not this time. this turd stinks up the place and must have had real potential before it hit the fan.
Keeps me wondering if she will get through it without breaking the bank.I haven't watched enough to give a very good review. Sorry!Joan M.
This show is entertaining. It's not too heavy to watch any time during the day. It's a good show to stream.
Thought it was a good pilot and would like to see more of the storyline. I don't understand the need for the over use of the &#34;F&#34; word or the naked chick before she swims, just unnecessary and didn't really add to the overall story. Hence the reason for the 3 stars.
I felt thoroughly ripped off with this film. It was infantile, stupid, tedious and embarrassing.The special effects were laughable.
This show is a'right but what makes it difficult to watch is Stevie. He gives off a super creepy vibe, not only is he controlling but it is clear that he only see's these two women as either sex objects or means of making him money. He really is a gross modern day pimp. HIs daughter's mom needs to leave him and separate herself from his destructive ways. That Joseline women will learn her lesson in time, I mean he wouldn't even show her, her very own contractw- yeah controlling. Very scary that so many women get locked up into these types of relationships.
Mr. James Elroy's voice is rather monotonous.Very repetitive in speaking about the murder cases in most scenarios.Good locations
I love this genre but just could not get into this series.Girl leaves town with no gas in the tank, bar full of people ignoring the firetruck as it blasts out a warning that the radioactive mushroom cloud is coming in 45 minutes, the only two cars on the road within 10 miles and they run head on into each other? Who writes this stuff?
Surely you have a great deal of talent here from the writing, music and performers.  Not sure I would want to tune in for the series though.
Good acting but the storyline is a bit confusing. I usually enjoy these period pieces but this one was a little off the mark. Scenery was your typical English lush countryside which is wonderful to watch. This wasn't one of my favorite BBC productions but it is still deserving of a view.
Despite the Silicon Valley being visited a few times already in Film and Television, it remains a setting for useful storytelling and characters we have never seen before. Yet from the pilot I saw, it's another yet another cliched send up of the high school/college crowd. The socially awkward nerds and geeks who can't get woman, the disgusting slob/slacker who looks at porn and wants to ''get some''. Even the older character portrayed is like this on several films and television series.For the reasons I stated in the opening sentence, I do hope this show succeeds. Yet it needs a LOT of plot and character development!
How many ways can you say, &#34;Don't trust aliens&#34;How many times can a band of puny humans defeat a force of superior numbers with superior weapons and no compunction about killing or enslaving a less advanced race?I think maybe three seasons should do the job. unless there is a spectacular twist in the narrative this show is out of steam.
This series does a good job of combining a historical perspective with drama.  The depiction of the Vikings combines the old stereotypes with some of the more sympathetic realities, like the fact that the Vikings (as well as others in the area and time) saw women as important members of society and allowed them some power.  Still, it's hard to sympathize with the characters, as the protagonists live to murder and steal from others.  Their victims don't seem to show any more honor, which I guess is intended to make the murderers seem more human, but it doesn't really work.  Rather, it leaves you feeling like nobody in the story is anything other than spineless or bloodthirsty.  However, if you can play the cultural relativist for a bit, and if you enjoy some gratuitous violence, you'll probably get a kick out of this.
I love the music from this TV series. The only thing that hits it hard for me is that it is very controversial. It hits every controversial subject out there, and it feels like this year there is too much to take in at one time. They have the graduates come back as well as having all new people. The controversial issues in this series combined with the same ones as last year might be too much. What this series needs is closure so the watchers can move on. In this series so far they are becoming a little overwhelming with the issues and drama it sparks.
Everyone I've ever known swears and/or cusses, but there's a time and place for everything, and I'm of the opinion that not ALL of our publicly elected officials swear.The zany antics of our legislatures isn't even funny, much less have an ounce of realism.  A lot of production personnel and audience members may be jaded in that they don't believe that the trust of public office is deserving of some reverence, but I do.If this was based on something substantiated, then yes, I might go for it.  But the premise of the show is that the representatives put on a show for show's sake, and everyone, even their constituents, are in on the gag.  If that's the case, then why bother with elections and this show at all?It's one thing to mock the political system, and it's one thing to throw up caricatures, but this goes well beyond that, and just trashes the whole thing with teenage humor for what used to be the adult time frame and career.I'm really sick and tired of these shows.  No, I didn't watch the whole thing, and I further believe that all they do is foster more of the same.  I wish people would tune out this kind of trash.I wouldn't back this thing, even if I had all the money in the world.
This show really tells me that Whedon isn't in control of his own show. Maybe I just didn't pay enough attention to who's actually in charge, but this has been a rough start. The plot isn't that interesting and I really only care about Coulson because I've really had to no reason like the rest. While Fitz and Simmons are cool and dynamic there's nothing spectacular and this show doesn't hold a flame to other shows by Whedon like Firefly or, my favorite, Dollhouse. I'm really hoping things pick up as the season goes along.
This show seems more realistic than most DIY shows.  However, it is pretty boring because the producers show the same scenes over and over because of the way the commercial breaks were cut out.  It also seemed pretty over dramatized.  I wouldn't recommend watching this one unless you're looking for something to help you fall asleep.
It's what I'd watch when there was nothing else at all and I had gone through all my DVDs and feel like &#34;well, that was OK&#34;
You'll hear the phrase "Total Package" so many times that you'll become immune to it.  The fact that it's being used in relation to a child doesn't seem to bother either the parents or the pageant coordinators.From the get go, it's obvious to everyone but the parents that the pageants are a scam.  Everyone "wins" or "places."  The crowning system is some bizarre set of rules where no one really goes home a loser but where the "Queen" of each "division" is also not a winner.  There's a set of "supreme" crowns and a grouping of "Ultimate" crowns which is the "winner" of the entire pageant.  Oh, whatever. It sounds like a set of prizes a couple of five year olds made up.You can't really compete in a full "Glitz" pageant unless you have a "cupcake" dress,  the proper hair pieces, full make up, a fake spray on tan,  glamour and retouched photos and other accouterments but your total prize will more than likely be only $1000.  Never mind that the cost of preparing for a pageant will more than likely run you more than $5000 and lots of prep time.The pageants reward and judge on beauty as it's the only area that cannot be dropped. Beauty is finite and transitory.  The parents are both turning their children into monsters and leaving their children with no usable skills once their children's beauty ages out. The most appalling thing here is hearing the parents justify the waste of time and excuse the emphasis on "beauty."Furthermore, the "modeling" routines these children are taught are both cartoonish and ghoulish.  It's a sick, incestuous training wherein coaches teach them the same ridiculous poses they used as children that in turn make the children look almost clownish on stage and no one stops it. The judges who I can only assume are idiots reward them for it.  I mean, who puts both their fists under their chin and shakes their head like an idiot and thinks it looks cute? Or worse, draws a heart around their face? No one and yet - every child does it.And then there's the age inappropriate clothing.  The less said here the better but these mothers really need to be hit upside the head with a large batch of common sense.And yet... you keep watching because just when you think you're going to stop watching, something worse comes along...
The action thriller "Java Heat" isn't necessarily a terrible movie, it just ends up being entirely forgettable and somewhat empty-headed.  The movie looks like it will be a contemporary political puzzler, but never makes the most of its exotic locale and intriguing premise.  What might have been an intricate and relevant look at religious strife and political maneuvering quickly goes somewhere far less interesting from a plotting standpoint.  And when all the truths are revealed, my gut reaction was "who cares?"  On the plus side, the movie is set in Indonesia which provides for plenty of local color.  The action sequences are well executed, even if there aren't any real stand-out moments.  And the movie features a really appealing lead performance from Indonesian actor Ario Bayo as a local detective.  My principle negative, though, (aside from a rather mundane story) has got to be Kellan Lutz in the biggest role.  Lutz is a man committed to a mission, supposedly with plenty of secrets and savvy, but ends up coming off like a frat boy throughout.  He never demonstrates the smarts necessary to believe his character.  It's like he's making a buddy cop comedy and no one else is, so he seems completely out of place.The tale begins with Lutz in custody after a bombing which left the Indonesian Sultana dead.  As the woman was to be her country's future leader, her untimely demise has long range political repercussions.  Although suspicious of Lutz and his story, the detective in charge (Bayo) is thrown into cooperation with the American.  Lutz is not being entirely forthcoming, however, and his actions bring him to the attention of criminal mastermind Mickey Rourke.  As the investigation is leading to the unscrupulous Rourke, he takes counter measures.  Soon, there is all out warfare with many innocents in the crossfire.  As you might expect, there are plenty of fisticuffs, machine gun shootings, bombings, kidnappings, references to illicit sexual encounters with underage participants, and other manner of nefarious activity.  Just who is Lutz and what is his agenda?  What is Rourke's motivation?  As I looked forward to having these questions answered, I was thoroughly underwhelmed by their resolution.It's always good to see Rourke.  Here he is mumbling all of his lines in an ever changing accent.  When I could understand what he was saying, I was wondering what country he was supposed to be from.  His villain is colorful, to be sure, but lacks any nuance or believability.  From moment one, he is seething and over-the-top.  And Lutz is truly perplexing.  As this is set in the seamy underbelly of polite society, you'd think that our hero wouldn't be completely naive.  At one point, a man asks if he wants to solicit the sexual services of a girl, a boy, or a lady-boy.  His cartoonish and shocked reaction is laughable.  His flirtations with the Sultana are truly painful too.  And when a stranger hands you a drink in a bar and you're on a very important mission, maybe you shouldn't swill it down without a second thought.  These are just a couple of moments that stand out, but his actions are perpetuated by nonsensical acts or inappropriate behavior.  I don't blame Lutz entirely, the screenplay can't decide on the tone to adopt.  Is "Java Heat" supposed to be lightweight and comical or dark and disturbing?  I still don't know.  And by not deciding, the picture fails to connect on either level.  KGHarris, 9/13.
nope, so not for me. can't stand football and I'm just irritated at the thought of a someone keeping a monkey for a pet.
A lot of this ground has been plowed in other articles and documentaries.  Former drug dealers never seem to get tired of answering questions about the old lifestyle.  I would have liked more detail on the difficulties of moving from one level to the next.  Is it ruthlessness? having a reputation for being tough? causing someone who double crosses you to mysteriously disappear? rewarding your more loyal foot soldiers? all of the above?  I also liked the hidden compartments drivers use to hide their drugs surely inspired by James Bond cars.  None of them seem to reveal if they loved or hated the work or why they refused to disappear once they had a few million.
I bought this season used and the second disc was actually the 2nd disc from season 5, not season 4. So, in other words the wrong disc was in the case. SUCKS!! Plus, the discs skip sometimes. So badly it'll freeze up and you'll have to either fast forward or totally skip the episode. Pissed me off!!! I gave this 2 stars based off of that, not because of the quality of the show.
This show would do very well on the ABC network- it has the same tone and themes as many shows on ABC. I did not like it very much- the characters where all somewhat forced, the story line a bit too melodramatic for me. Gael Garcia Bernal's hair is ridiculously overstyled, and his character is either complex with more to show, or a two dimensional bad guy- I suppose future episodes would help clarify which.
The hook is which guy will the main character choose? It's stretched on so long now that maybe we don't care.
Five mountaineers in the Scottish Highlands inadvertently get involved in a crime when they rescue a kidnapped Serbian girl in the woods. Following the tradition of thriller genre that is best represented by John Boorman classic "Deliverance," Julian Gilbey's movie "A Lonely Place to Die" starts out promisingly, but rapidly descends into a series of nonsense.I can generally ignore plot holes as long as a film is good enough to entertain us. Unfortunately, "A Lonely Place to Die" is not good in most aspects. Action is mostly derivative with cardboard characters that cannot make a sensible decision even when "villains" are not around. Melissa George plays Alison, a seasoned mountain climber who should have known that climbing down a cliff is not a very good idea when some criminals responsible for the girl's imprisonment might be back in any minute.The film ditches its original idea of the cat-and-mouse thriller in the Scottish mountains in its third act, where things get even more ridiculous and confusing. Without spoiling much, all I can say is that a third party arrives in the climax that is padded out with drawn-out dialogues and unexciting action sequences involving guns.Obviously there is the potential for an intense thriller, which seems buried somewhere in "A Lonely Place to Die."
i really don't believe that an all veggie diet is the way to go but these people are convinced. Just buy responsible so you know what your getting
By now, it should be safe to assume that the majority of us have either seen or at least heard about the new space thriller, Gravity.  Arguably one of the best films of 2013, it's safe to assume that (in the not so distant future) there will be a steady flow of space dramas coming our way in a cheap attempt to cash in on the massive success of Gravity.  Naturally, it's no coincidence that the independent space drama, Europa Report, was released on home video just days after the release of the Bullock/Clooney blockbuster.Directed by Sebasti&aacute;n Cordero (Rage, Chronicles), Europa Report stars Embeth Davidtz as Dr. Unger, the head of a corporation that privately funds an outer space mission, Europa One, to investigate potential life on one of the moons of Jupiter.  In a documentary-style format and using various camera footage shot aboard the space shuttle, Unger tells the story of six astronauts that successfully land on one of Jupiter's moon and attempt to research the surface, which is made partially of ice - a sign that the moon may inhabit life forms.  Anamaria Marinca, Karolina Wydra, Michael Nyqvist, Daniel Wu, Sharlto Copley, & Christian Camargo also star in supporting roles.Since Europa Report was conveniently released (on home video) on the coattails of Gravity, it warrants a quick comparison to the buzz-worthy blockbuster.  If we use the opinion of James Cameron, who called Gravity "the best space film ever done," Europa Report could easily be called the worst space film ever done.  Much like the great unknown of outer space, these types of films obviously thrive on the simple premise that anything that could wrong will go wrong.  Feel free to look for an outer space flick in which everything is all hunky-dory for its entirety - and in the event that such a film did exist, it would most likely be the equivalent of watching paint dry.  In any event, while Gravity thrived largely due to beautiful visuals, above average thrills, A-list actors, and an easily understandable plot, Europa Report nearly fails in comparison in each and every category.It's painfully evident that Europa Report lacks a clear and comprehensible direction in regards to who the characters are and what their particular purpose is over the course of this film.  Obviously, Daniel Wu portrays the captain, but at no point does he ever appear to be in command of anything.  These actors and actresses are completely devoid of emotion, dimension, and for lack of a better word - interest.  If the point of this film was to be a documentary-style flick in which viewers were not supposed to care about the characters within it, then it was a smashing success.  But, as far as the entertainment value of the character development, this film is absent of potential.  These characters, portrayed by completely unrecognizable actors and actresses, simply go through the motions of the script, which is nearly a full hour and a half of bumbling around a space shuttle.The most bothersome aspect of the film is the constant jumping from bad camera view to bad camera view.  Unfortunately, this style of film-making deprives the film of a smooth delivery, directly stemming from the space cams, which take away the experience of watching a movie and turn this film into an outer space version of big brother.  One minute you'll be watching the crew eat dinner and then you'll suddenly be viewing a swing arm and solar panels in outer space - as if they will eventually come into meaning (which they don't).  In a noble act, this film sticks with the documentary-style of storytelling, but just when scenes attempt to pick up, they are quickly broken up by random analysis from spectators (presumably on Earth) who attempt to explain the fallout and existential circumstances of the Europa One mission.  When you combine aspects, they make for a frustrating viewing experience.While the film's execution is overly frustrating, the story is still on the money in terms of how humanity might one day approach space exploration.  To be honest, there's nothing sexy about this film and is a far cry from some of the sci-fi flicks moviegoers have been spoiled with in recent years, like Prometheus, Star Trek, or Moon.  Still, the authenticity of Europa Report is admirable - as it clearly aims to depict a film that would dwarf the magnitude of the moon landing.  The significance of this story is there, but the emotion is years beyond comprehension, because when/if the day comes that life is discovered on another planet, people might just look back on this film and make a distinct comparison.Overall, Europa Report is a dismal and disappointing movie to sit through.  Realistically, all you need to know about this film is that six astronauts land on a moon orbiting Jupiter and then fast-forward to the last twenty minutes - where you'll finally "see the light."  You'll miss absolutely nothing of relevance, regardless of what happens to the characters along the way.  The climax of this film is it's only saving grace, thus preventing it from earning a complete failing grade.  For a film that's supposed to be thrilling, one could only assume that the most thrilling portions of this film were left on the cutting room floor.  Any other explanation would lead you to believe that the writers and filmmakers suffer from sheer incompetence when it comes to making an entertaining film.  Do yourself a favor and don't even bother giving this film a chance.  The brief 90 minutes of your life which it would cost you to watch this film (along with money presumably) will surely be better spent doing absolutely anything else.GRADE:  D-FNDNreview.com
not keen on current plot lines.. but still a good story amid the summer dearth...not much else to choose from in the summer offerings.. pretty dreary and predictable.. some really bad!
Daryl Loomis, DVD Verdict --I've seen quite a few films now where an Israeli falls in love with a Palestinian and I'm starting to get the sense that, in essence, they're all the same. It's clear from the opening moments how romance between the characters will work out and Strangers does nothing to make me question my notions of these films. It's not a bad movie by any means; the performances are strong and the story makes sense, but there's no drama here because everything they do has been played out by every other film that uses this cross-cultural matchup. Granted, it's rife with political baggage, but it seems like these films are afraid to actually approach the politics. Guy Nattiv and Erez Tadmor, the writer/director combo of Strangers, appear to try to breach those boundaries by using the Israeli attack on Lebanon, but it winds up only being used as a roadblock to their romance instead of the drama it might have had. Eventually, these films all feel like Romeo and Juliet knockoffs played during modern times, pushing aside any actual relevance for the rote progression of a romance film.Still, Strangers is a decent filmed, well made and solidly acted. Even if there's no question as to how the relationship will work out, the performances from Levo and Azabal are strong. They have good chemistry together and it's easy to root for their success, though there's no suspense in the drama to make you wonder. The story is well-filmed and there are some interesting soccer sequences that try to parallel the political struggles going on outside of Berlin, which the lovers see and deal with together, but none of it ever gels into anything substantial or all that interesting.Strangers comes to us from Zeitgeist Films in a very standard package. The anamorphic image is nothing spectacular, but is an adequate image with good detail and colors. The sound is a standard stereo mix with nothing to laud, but nothing to complain about, either. The only extra is a trailer.Strangers is a frustrating film. There's much about it that could have been great, and the setting could have made the politics behind the romance both muted by the distance from the action and more explosive for the same reason. Unfortunately, Nattiv and Tadmor cut the corners on all counts, using the national conflicts to force some personal conflict, but betraying themselves by allowing it to all be okay with a smile. In the end, it's cheap romance that, while competent in all facets, is a film I have a hard time recommending.-Full review at dvdverdict.com
When watching this movie how much you like it might depend on what you expect it to be.This movie is a direct to dvd movie and it definitely exceeds expectations in that market. With that said you will not be blown away by any performances or any of the writingThe movie itself is enjoyable if you like a single room play-style setting. The setup is good and the pacing is good. I definitely felt the suspense during the movie and the real fun is anticipating what will come next.Unfortunately, the character development is really lacking. We really don't learn anything about any of the characters. There is a lot of mystery that adds to suspense, but ends up leading to a lack of payout. There seems to be a kernel of interesting ideas behind the goings on but we never really get to see anything develop. There is a bit of a payout at the end that I appreciated, but the ending could definitely be put in the slightly predictable pile if you have seen this kind of movie before.I hate to be so negative about this movie after having enjoyed sitting through it, but there is nothing that would make me want to watch it again, and there is nothing to it that makes me want to seek out any movies done by the people involved. So, this is a run one-off movie, I wouldnt spend 4 dollars to watch it on amazon but a dollar at redbox was definitely worth it if you know what you are getting into and you like this genre of movie.
Good show.  You get attached to the character's.  Not what expected in a cop type show.  Watching all the seasons on amazon prime has been great.
Nothing to see here, folks, except for James Spader who is deliciously wicked and a yet a hero -- sort of.But oh oh oh, the supporting cast is like a bad joke.  the female lead (don't even care what her name is) needs better wigs and some expression classes.  You know:  wide eyed stare for angry, same for hurt, same for love, same for disbelief, well, you get the idea.  It's almost funny how BAD she is.  so kill her in the finale and let's get another lead actress...I don't care how you do it, but writers, you must do something.  fast forwarding through every scene without Spader is hurting my wrist....5/6/14:  spoilers on web say someone is going to get killed off.  If we are lucky it will be Lizzy and we will get another lead actress. PLEASE.5/13.14:  so we lost some cardboard characters but the female lead who can't act is SO bad.  I hope she knows someone and got the job that way, because it would be terrible if other actresses did not find work when this one did.  Move your face, dear, when you feel something.  (maybe the wig is making her too hot to think).Spader is at the top of his game.  And Alan Alda, yum.  Only thing keeping this one afloat is the two of them.
Unique topic and feel, and seems well written. But I couldn't really come around to wanting to like anyone or even empathize with them. Maybe one episode wasn't enough, but if more episodes are just like this I probably wouldn't watch.
I wasn't so in love with the puppet host, but i love the set up and all the characters in the animated world. I would recommend this for 6 year olds and under.
I had such hopes for this show. Michael J Fox's character on 'the Good Wife' is such a terrific one. But this show after 3 episodes has failed to wow.Mike Henry, played by Michael J. Fox, returns to his career in television after time off to deal with his Parkinson's disease. He has pulled himself together, caring for his I family while his wife continues with her profession. However, he is driving everyone crazy, and he has at last decided to go back to work. The premise is wonderful, the fact that he has Parkinson's is mentioned too many times to count. By the third episode that was over, but the chemistry with the characters who play his family has not jelled. His younger and older sons are irritants, his daughter may be getting better. His wife, played by Betsy Brandt, has no likability and no chemistry with Michael at all. His old boss, played by Wendell Pierce seems to be there for conversation. I love Pierce and it pains me to see him in this role. There is nothing exciting for him to do at his old job. Michael needs a new family and maybe new writers. The only thing right with this show is Michael, himself.Not Recommended At This Time. prisrob 10-08-13
This show isn't what it used to be, but having said that, each week tends to be mildly amusing as the A-Team of this new millenium goes about righting wrongs and having some fun.What's annoying is that for a long time now, NONE of the plots even pretend to have any meaningful obstacles... countless systems are bypassed with the flick of the wrist and a punch of the keyboard's Enter key... villains are hoodwinked, authorities remain clueless, foes are outsmarted etc. This used to be a smart, sassy show but any similarity to the UK's "Hustle" has long since been bypassed... what we seem to have nowadays is a team of people who effortlessly con everyone, walk away smiling every time... and if the episode can get away with sticking to one location (ie. cheap for the Production) then so be it... at most everyone dons a disguise or change of wardrobe. Ugh.Episode 4.12 "The Office Job" however has to go down in the history books as *the* most tedious and boring example of a premise s-t-r-e-t-c-h-e-d beyond breaking point and well into SNAP territory. I actually believed the producers had lost their minds with this one...
Remember the scene where Carl got shot? Remember when Rick turned that corner on the horse in the city? Remember the CDC, the interstate when the herd came through.....any scene that Shane was in?This is no longer that show. If all they've got is a guy mowing down a crowd with a gun then screw them. Even the Merle situation seemed rushed and contrived.The dynamics that Shane and Dale brought - gone. The interesting path Andrea was on - gone. Now she's a g-stringed girlfriend - oh wait now she's dead too. Merle's great presence and the potential for his character - gone. They brought the cool black guy with the dramatic British theatrical training and the greatest southern accent ever from the first season back just so you could watch him quickly disappear into useless madness and find out that his awesome kid died.All that remains is a lukewarm crowd of people waiting for Rick to give orders - even Daryl - with some moodiness and bitchiness occurring throughout from what's left of the uninteresting group.The governor - the actor totally unconvincing.All my favorite characters are dead - no longer anticipated the next episode. It's a dead show as far as I'm concerned.
Plot got muddled as I recall. Not memorable.  Forgot why I watched it. I don't think I watched it all the way through.
May be spoilers belowMy mom and I went to see this.  We were thinking it was going to be a normal adult comedy.  Well, we were right and we were wrong.  We actually left after about 50 minutes, but what I saw was so stupid.  The movie had an art house feel.  People get neighbors.  They are a frat.  They ask them to keep it down and things go crazy.  That is the movie, at least from what I saw.There are so many things that happen that just didn't need to.  Like the guy being able to get an erection whenever he chooses.  I mean, really?  It just didn't make me laugh at all.Some of the stuff made me feel uncomfortable.  I know this is a movie, and none of this actually happened.  Still, it made me feel uncomfortable.  Like when the two are having sex and the baby is sitting right there looking at them.  I know what they were trying to do, but it didn't work.  The guy starts smoking a joint and there baby is there.  That didn't work either.  The two worst parts I saw were when the baby put the condom in it's mouth and when the doctor told them the baby had aids.  He was kidding, but I didn't find it funny.I have this pre ordered.  I may cancel that and just rent it when it comes out.  As I said, we saw like 50 minutes.  But, it felt like 15 or 20.  The movie just has the same thing happening over and over again.  It was just a childish movie.  If they didn't have the baby, it could have been better.  It is like they used the kid as a prop.  It was a waste of $16.50.After thinking a bit more about it.I was thinking more about this throughout the day.  Here are my thoughts.This movie has three parts.One is, two people who have a kid and are not yet ready to live the life of two adults.  They want to continue living a life of fun and continue to be carefree.Two, a couple still feel young and want to hang out with people younger with them.  They want to live their life with the people they want to believe themselves to be.Three, people have neighbors that are driving them crazy, care nothing about their feelings and live a crazy life.I asked myself.  If any of these parts were taken out, would the movie have been better?The part with them having a kid and not being ready to live like parents. That could be funny.  I think they could have made that a fun movie.  If they took out all the random use of the F-word, all the sex and random drug use.  I think it could have been great.If it would have been about two married people trying to live like they did when they were kids or teens.  That could have been funny.  If they did a movie like that and took the child out, it could have been really funny.  With the kid not in all the scenes, they could have swore, drank, did all the drugs and had all the sex they wanted.  I would have laughed a piece of my ass off.If they did a movie in which a couple tried to get rid of bad neighbors.  That could have been funny as well.  It would all depend on who was trying and whom they were trying to get rid of.  Husband and wife trying to get rid of neighbors would have added a fun element.  The actions and reactions between the two would have made for some good laughs.The problem is that I don't see how these three things can fit into one hour and a half movie.Another thing I realized is that perhaps some of it had to do with the actors.  I am not saying any are bad.  I like all of the actors I saw.  But, seeing Zac Efron as a druggy, partying teen didn't work for me.  I do not believe I have seen him in anything.  But it just didn't feel right.Dave Franco.  He seemed like a good actor.  I do not know what I have seen him in either.  But it just felt like he was wrong for the character.  I cannot explain why.Another reviewer said something.  They said it felt like you were watching clips.  I thought the exact thing as we were leaving the movie.  Nothing seemed to go together.  No story at all, or maybe there was a story, they just did not pull it off.There is a part of me that wants to finish the movie.  I want to see if there is any point to it and what the conclusion is.  That is why I kept my pre order.
I've always been a fan of real-life paranormal stories, and one of my favorite shows isA Haunting - Seasons 1-4which takes real-life supernatural experiences and dramatizes them. The stories are featured in a docu-drama format and the effects are quite chilling.When I saw this show on television (I believe it is being screened on The Animal Planet channel), I thought I'd see how it compares to A Haunting. The format is different - most of the show focuses on interviews with people who have had close encounters and experiences with the paranormal, such as the family who moves into a New Orleans home, only to discover it is haunted. The interviews take up most of the show, weaving back and forth between the various family members who have experienced these close encounters, and also friends of the family. Family photographs and actual footage of the places are shown, as well as video footage where applicable, such as video footage of paranormal investigators going through a home or building.There is also some dramatization involved, but not much. At times, the going back and forth between the various people being interviewed becomes rather annoying, and I felt the story itself moved very slowly as a result, and the storytelling seemed choppy. I prefer the format of A Haunting which focuses on dramatization, and feels more like a movie with creepy effects, as I think this format results in a more scary viewing experience. This show is recommended if you like hearing first-hand stories of people's encounters with the paranormal and how they dealt with such experiences.
Entertaining, but not very good life lessons on human interactions unless you enjoy rudeness and yelling. I feel bad for the young girls as they are witness to how their parents can't control their tempers.The young girls are so talented I like watching that part.
You couldn't swing a stick without hitting a played out stereotype or trope that hasn't been done before - or a million times better. Poor writing, horrible acting, silly concept in general, the pilot had absolutely no direction, and poor production values. Tsk tsk.
I guess it could of been ok... I really don't know because the beginning did not interest me and therefore...I feel asleep on it.
I only purchased first five episodes because I wanted the last episodes of Larry HAgman playing JR Ewing and I can't watch a funeral of that character or a season about his death. Larry passing on was painful enough, to me JR will never die and I can see him and the rest of the cast anytime I want in the 14 seasons of original Dallas, which I own on Amazon Instant Video.
Charmed was inexplicably popular, even though the acting was poor, the characters weak and uninteresting, and the production low quality. The new series is better, with one fewer sister, and the addition of a mother and aunt. The writers face the common problem with magical characters in that they must face some sort of danger, yet also be powerful enough to reliably triumph. The solution to the dilemma is to make continual references to how powerful they are, yet provide some reason why they are incompetent for the bulk of each episode. This gets sort of tiresome in that it's hard to cheer for such weak and helpless people, and who don't seem interested in learning magic. Who among the audience wouldn't find themselves practicing every waking moment if they discovered they could do magic?I suppose you could generate some sympathy for the characters if they were actually likeable, but with the exception of the aunt, they're all pretty bland people.
Overall I think this pilot was average. It could get better as the story progresses, but as it stands, it was a bit shallow. The subject matter was a mixed bag as well. Real developers don't act like this, but they used some of the resulting situations to great comedic effect. In the end it was OK. No more, no less.
I don't know but I just found the whole concept too preposterous and superficial in its depiction of violence and suspense. It just seems like it wants to shock you because it has to compete with other cable shows that are much more successful in their execution of similar edgy material. I'm not feeling the hero or the villain in this setup. Way too contrived for my tastes.
It  has just started & I am interested in watching it but I won't say, I rush home to tune in.
This movie has a funny cast, but it is anything but funny.  No wonder this movie didn't make any money at the theater.
Here's an idea, Amazon:  if you're going to ask me to watch something and review it, don't lie to me about the rating.  On your website and on my Amazon app on Roku, the show's rating is listed as NR.  Then, when I start to watch it, it actually shows it to be rated MA.  Prior to popular belief, not everyone wants to watch MA shows.  I'm still of the belief that you can make quality programming without all the overt sexuality and profanity.  Because for this reviewer, I don't need or want that coming into my home and if it's on there, then I won't watch the show no matter how well-acted, written or directed.  So, here's an idea - how about making a show that is NOT an MA rating.  You know, not all of us think the use of the &#34;f&#34; word is quality writing.  You sent me an email and asked for my review.  Well, there you go...
It was not half as good as some here are rating it.  Must be family members of the cast and or crew.  It was also very boring and lacked any real gore other than a constant pit of dead corpses that look really good considering how long they've been rotting.  I also noticed there were no maggots on the corpses.  HMMMM  My final thought  - Lame-O-Rama.
I did not care for it. A few minutes was all I needed to judge this show. Not worth my time.
I really liked the early episodes but the story line just became to boring to continue watching. I think the angel was the best character in the entire series.
While it's true the show is about monsters and the ensuing violence this season was too over the top with dismemberment, gutting, and basically all around desecrating a corpse for a ritual. It taints the show and makes me really not want to watch it anymore.
Not just wacky characters. Man, a crazy wide receiver is Jerry Maguire's client. A monkey shoots a soccer star. A predictable love plot develops.
Not sure what other topic could possibly be turned into a reality show.....This ones pretty ridiculous. I have to admit it becomes entertaining, even with the ridiculously OVER dramatization by the narrator/VoiceOver dude...What annoys me is the fact that the well being of the Amazon is completely disregarded by the greed of gold by way of a lazy, fat Alabama man.100+ year old Trees are bulldozed by the dozen, the ground is excavated and left in shambles and the incredibly eroding, polluting envirmentally polluting cost of mining is never addressed.  I hope the producers of this ridiculous show had to pay millions to the locals who will be left with the clean up of the un repairable mess this fools leave behind in the name of entertainment
It turned out to be a jumble of elements we've seen before in this genre ... an odd assortment of characters (one from Column A, two from Column B, and so on) trapped in an unexplained disaster that stays unexplained for the longest time. Needs to go somewhere.
honestly the costume is really cook looking for the time period this was made in.The flash is one of my favorite super hero's ever since my nickname was Flash when I did track, so learning a little bit about him was cool but I really couldn't sit for so long through these episodes like 40-60mins each?the only way to watch this and stay sane is to skip threw a lot of parts, there is just too much story, if they re-made this into a tv series now a days and made it like the arrow, I would prolly love it if they made it, if they re-make this now a days I would love to watch it even at 2 hours an episode lolafter seeing how awesome arrow was, I never knew arrow before but once I started watching the tv show wow he is actually awesome, the story behind how he got accuracy and everything is awesome and he's not one of my favorite, im even thinking about buying some green arrow comic books just to see more about how cool he is now. Flash I already got a lot of comics of him lol. but really looking forward to seeing a re-make of this in years to come
I can't believe they charged me $2 for this 2 minute "free sneak peek #2" ?! Any "sneak peak" should be free and this series is already running out of interesting topics.
Why does the cover show them at the super market? They never all go shopping once in the whole show.  Anyway this season is the death of the show in my opinion.  In season two they made Mitchell do something so horrible it killed the character. What they are doing with the big bad is silly and they are even introducing new characters to replace the ones they destroyed.  Of course the only problem is they don't have the chemistry of the original group and you can tell.  I loved this show so much when I saw season one.  I don't know why they made the decisions they made in two but three seemed like an attempt to patch the holes created in two and in the end they did something big.  &#34;Spoiler&#34;  They kill Mitchell and Nina but Nina lives but is dead at the start of season sour so everything is just depressing.  Oh and there is a Vamp/Human world war.  Joy.
I realize Two Lovers is exactly what the description says- it's about an immature man who still lives with his parents completely torn between two women.One woman is shy, loyal and young, and would like nothing more than to be involved in a relationship.  The other woman (the hot blonde) has emotional issues that dominate her life on a daily basis and unfortunately for the guy, she treats him more like a brother or a friend so he can try the best he can to understand her problems and comfort her in dire times of need.Well it's obvious which woman *I'd* choose, but I reckon there's a slight bit of cleverness involved in the making of Two Lovers.  You see, the storyline makes you wonder which woman YOU'D choose- the one who's slightly less attractive but totally loyal and polite, or the slightly more attractive one with constant personal issues that never seem to stop being an obvious distraction.  I'd choose the loyal one myself.  It's a no brainer.Anyway, the actual plotline is so incredibly *slow* that the film almost put me to sleep on a few different occasions.  However this is perhaps because it's totally stuck in romance, which is definitely NOT right up my alley, haha.Still, it's a passable film that serves as a nice way to pass the time on a rainy night with nothing better to do.  I just wish the plotline actually picked up more often- then I'd give the film a higher rating.
Excellent acting and a somewhat entertaining plot but it is getting old, fast. Don't see how it can last more than a season or two.
I read the books so I will give the season a chance. My wife, however, is done. She fell asleep about half way in and I don't blame her. If I hadn't read the books I wouldn't watch it. How can they F this up, seriously? The actors are sooooooo boring and dull (except for the excellent old hunter and the Wishmaster (whom they already killed)). It seemed like 80% of this episode was exposition about personal relations. I pray to God they use practical effects instead of just CGI (unlikely) because the &#34;monster&#34; looked like it was the same one from about 100 other CGI ghost/monster movies. The minute CGI shows up it disconnects me from the story; it looks cartoonish.I had high hopes, so heres praying they turn it around and make it exciting.Seriously, when they were showing the teasers for the series,  they had one with just shadows, a tapping cane, and little candies being tossed, along with some music, that GAVE ME CHILLS! That creepy feeling/terror is the atmosphere they need to find again.
Another cop show, another cop show.  Nothing new here, not really.  A dead body, a whodunit, a tortured cop, so what else is new?
The premise of the show would be interesting; the regular every day struggles of the First Family, a blended family, at that. It has potential......but it's just over the side of too silly. It could be closer to okay ~without~ the Skip character. I know Gad is one of the creators, but that character is what puts the show beyond the pale of watchable.I find I enjoy the sequences with all of the other characters, even in the slapstick, "Oh, please, that wouldn't happen," moments, but as soon as Skip comes on camera, I check my text messages until he goes away again.There could be a balance between what would actually happen if the POTUS had a goofy frat boy son living in the White House, and this degree of absurdity. But they've missed that balance. It's just too silly.
and I find it irksome when a program, which deals with lying, begins it's TV life, as it were, with lies.  Intentional or not, it's sad that most of Hollywood, if not all, portray Jehovah's Witnesses as a bunch of frothing fanatics. This program would be case-in-point.  It seems to me that the 'writers' would and should make, at the very least, an attempt to get facts straight before portraying the beliefs of nearly 8 Million people.  Clearly this wasn't done, shame on them, and since they in fact DID lie to everyone the program looses any credibility it hoped to gain with me and many others.
Came to this one late, not uncommon from this distance.  Didn't really like the first episode, found it to be too formuladriven - a combination of Teen Wolf and any of the various vampire programs out there.  Stilted dialog did not help.  I will likely not watch any more of this offering.  That said, while this is not anywhere near my cup of tea it no doubt appeals to fans of the genre and more power to them. It's our differences that make this old world so interesting.
I hope the final season has some more gritty drama. Last year's season was so so. It was a dull beginning.
The movie was good but the story kinda dragged me down. It was a but depressing but it might have just been me. The acting was superb.
If a chef disagrees with the judges - the judges hold grudges and get rid of them.  It is a very biased show and based on that not very enjoyable to watch.
The story could be better written. I liked the actress who played the old women. The French actress is not very good. I would like to watch another episode to see if it gets better. It was not clear what happened when they were in the building.
Instead of following the Dexter formula (12 episodes seasons), this new season of Lie To Me expanded to more than twenty episodes. In this case, this implied a lsos of quality, unfortunately.THings are some how weird in this season. The freshness and sheer brilliance of the first season (however flawed or not the whole concept may be) are gone since Episode One. Tim Roth, however, is still great to watch, as is Gillian Foster (forgot the name of the actress).BUt thing are kind of formulaic here. A lot of episodes are completely stand-alone. And they killed Spike!!
The story idea promulgated here would make a great series, but someone needs to take both director and scriptwriter aside, then explain to them the importance of comedic timing and good lines.  Saying the F word multiple times might make teens laugh, but to adults, it's boring.  A bad writer uses f-word comedy, because he can't think his way out of a paper bag.  A good writer, doesn't need swear words, but relies on real content in the lines.  How often did you hear swear words in Mash?  Seldom, and when used, they were appropriate, not gratuitous.  Yeah, LBJ swore a lot.  Yeah, maybe Huey Long did too, I don't remember.  (John Goodman is a Huey Long archetype.)  But your average Senator doesn't talk like a truck driver, k?Great cast:  they deserve a better writer than they receive.  The pilot drags and then speeds up and slows down and pulls you every which way;  all the while, you sense that the 'plot' is only designed for spoofing, and each actor is just supposed to deliver his lines on cue.  It's not even Saturday Night Live quality material.Whoever directed the pilot should go back to drama school.  The shots, angles, don't fit the plotline needs.REDO IT RIGHT, and you'll have a hit.  Keep the cast, lose the writer, director, or whoever thought that this pilot should be produced 'as is'.
Much of the current cast is unlikable: the two new ones are 1) crazy, and 2) bland; and I would like to see the pretentious and over-bearing Heather booted as well; her arrogance and sense of entitlement has become incredibly annoying. I think Heather has exerted too much influence over this show because she is Jewish and so are the show's producers, and that is one tribe that sticks together. Heather pretends to a kind amiable character that she does not possess; she has now twice kicked another cast member out of her house when her or her husband's comments rebounded back on them (and who can forget the infamous "intervention" Heather staged when she viscously blindsided Alexis while on vacation). I miss Alexis too; maybe she wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but she had a good heart (more than can be said of Heather), and Alexis is the greatest beauty that has appeared on any of these house wife shows. I think her beauty is why Heather was so jealous of her; that, and the fact that she is pointedly Christian and Heather is Jewish. I strongly suspect that Heather had Alexis blacklisted. Apart from being eye candy, it was fascinating to watch as Alexis fought for parity in her marriage. They should bring Alexis back. I don't think I can stand another season of Shannon; she is bat s*** crazy (0f course, I'm sure Heather will have her fired anyway). The other new one is just a bland version of Alexis, who knuckles down to Heather (as much of the cast is now doing...where are Tamara's smart aleck wisecracks?  She keeps her mouth shut because she's scared of Heather and of the power she wields over the show). I don't think I'm going to continue to watch with the current cast. Besides, they are so scared of Heather that they cannot be themselves.
Nothing good or bad to say about this series.  It is just an average show.  If you are in to real drama go somewhere else
As a long time Amazon customer I had high hopes for these Originals. I am severely disappointed to find them full of profane language and sophomoric behavior. After 3 minutes of Alpah House I stopped. I don't care how clever the concept is or how well known the actors. If this level of "humor" is any reflection on the working culture at Amazon.com I will really have to reconsider doing business with you. I have not watched any more, since they all start with the same "mature audience" warning. Come on! The content of these productions, if Alpha House is anything to go by, is anything BUT "mature". I do not object to occasional strong language in appropriate context, or as a character device, but this is way over the line. What makes you think this is funny?
A small fraction into this film, the heroine was numb and so was I.  After a race-baiting if not racist-in-context threesome, the lovingly rendered scenes of bloody S&M;, and escalating, I was expecting a beheading by the end of it all.  It was worse.  The two final confrontations were what led me to believe the film was against all that is good, or maybe just against all that is.  The film delighted in erasing any positive sentiment it had accidentally cultivated-- or maybe it cultivated positive sentiments for the sole purpose of annihilating them.So our heroine--or hero, since she calls her Joe and not Jo-- is against love (stated in Volume I) and against the sentimentality of motherhood (stated in Volume II).  I champion neither, but if the alternative is this ceaseless funfest, then love and motherhood start to look positively enlightened.  I mean, come on, we all had the young adult `this-can't-be-it' moment, so when Joe deadpans: "Perhaps the only difference between me and other people is that I've always demanded more from the sunset. More spectacular colours when the sun hit the horizon. That's perhaps my only sin." we can indulge her, until we realise she is completely serious, and humourless in general.Volume I gave us the fishing, maths and music analogies.  Volume II has nowhere to go but religion, so we have Western (Roman Catholic) vs. Eastern (Orthodox) Churches and The Transfiguration.  By this time, the analogies seem more compulsive and excessive than our nymphomaniac.Then Seligman says something to the effect `Being anti-Zionist is not the same as being anti-Semitic,' a completely unnecessary thing to say.  And then Joe with her `negro' comment.  That was part of what made me think the threesome was... racial.  She says all women fancy it, setting up black male sexuality, and then the outcome of the threesome, while not explicitly emasculating, was cutting.  The scene itself is somewhat hilarious outside race, but in the context of her comments and the fact that the noted appearance of black people in the film is end-capped with buffoonery and bookmarked with a racial and sexual stereotype is suspect.  I'm not saying you cannot have divisive characters in film.  But perhaps Seligman and Joe exist to spout the same viewpoint: they simply divided the dialogue.  Seligman got the analytical persona and Joe got the compulsive persona, but, in the end, over-analysis and compulsion are both ways to somewhat pompously distance yourself from other people and from life itself.
I am letting my 2 1/2 year old watch all the pilots and this one she just did not get into .if its made with puppets maybe she'll be more interested.
This is like sci-fi without the sci or fi. Few sci-fi shows that I know of really last on TV when the characters involve children IMO. Perhaps Lost in Space worked but not Earth2, V or V2, etc. It ends up always being the same....kids do something stupid or silly and the parents come to the rescue. It may work for a two hour movie like Jurasic Park, but not a weekly series. I predict this will last less than half a season.It happened in the pilot (episode 1) and it will continue to happen. I couldn't even watch the last half of the show. Next episode I'm sure will be one of the kids takes in a friendly baby dino and the mother/father dino attacks the compound then the parents or kids hands over the baby and all is fine. kAnother episode, the kids get lost and have to deal with menacing dino's until the parents rescue them. Another episode and a parent gets hurt and the kid must tempt fate by venturing alone back to the compound to look for help. Another episode, the kids find friendly dino's who are being harassed by big bad dino's and parents help rescue the cute, friendly dino's. Blah, Blah, Blah.Heck, I was more interested in the world that they left rather than the world that they moved to in the time rift.
like many other people here, I read the book & loved it!but this show... it's like a multi-car pileup of a car wreck on the highway - you don't WANT to see it as you inch slowly by, but you just... can't... turn... away...yes, it's THAT BAD!& yes, I watched the whole season just waiting to see any glimmer of the book peeking throughabout all that made it were the names of some of the characters & the fact that there was an unexplained "dome" dropped on the town in which they liveit's like someone told someone else about this awesome book they read & then that person went & did hard drugs for a decade or two & with their last two brain cells decided to write a tv show "based on" said bookugh& there's going to be more of it, I hearsigh... when will they ever just take one of his books & do it right??!an extended format "mini" series is PERFECT for his novels - long enough to fit in most, if not all, of the characters & nuances, but not endless like a regular tv series where it just goes on & on & ruins the premiseso sad :(
I got so bored that i turned the thing off about 1/4 of the way through.  Sorry, not for me
And there's nothing wrong with that, since Jonestown is a singularly disturbing incident in human history and Ti West does horror.  But what exactly is Ti West trying to communicate or do in this movie by (very skillfully) re-enacting the events of Jonestown, except take an already horrific event and exploit it to make a movie with barely any fictitious elements in it at all?In short, the move is thus: a brother is concerned about his sister who is drowning in a cult.  That cult is a dead ringer for Jim Jones' cult. If you've ever read anything about the Reverend Jim Jones, the fictitious town of "Eden" is precisely the same as the Peoples Temple.  He brings his two buddies and, incidentally, a camera.  This is a disturbing movie but I see very little point to it at all.The reason I give it three stars is for Gene Jones'! ("No Country For Old Men") performance as the good Reverend, though he's called "Father".  It is almost perfect and the slime oozes off him.  Otherwise, I'm not sure why a great deal of money was gathered to make this movie. Lotsa documentaries and books have already been made about Jones and Jonestown which have the awful bane of reality on them.
Felt like a fairly standard police procedural. I don't think the concept was that revelatory or exciting. The execution was adequate.  If they had an exciting new concept with an adequate execution I probably would have been more impressed (alternately, their current concept with an amazing execution).  It wasn't...bad.  Just not that great. My response while watching it was one long, drawn-out meeehhh.I am not a big fan of this genre, so I may not be the most reliable reviewer.
I usually don't mind &#34;comic-like&#34; shows, but this one was not good.  I disliked the story line/writing and it was challenging to watch the entire episode.
In the early episodes I was very optimistic about this series because they are reminiscent of the great work that the Brits did in the original with Helen Mirren.  I really enjoyed Maria Bello's performance. However, instead of focusing on the solving of cases, the series descended into the standard formula of many American cop shows, emphasizing slapstick comedy and &#34;cute&#34; banter. It could have been great, but I am not surprised that the show was not renewed.
The actor who plays Louis Litt is just awful.  He's a lousy actor, and he's truly unattractive.  No tv show would have a female principal character who is this ugly and one dimensional.  Why do viewers have to endure such lousy casting and acting when the character is male?
Apparently everyone involved with making of this film also rated it.  Very sad and transparent effort. Waste of my time.
If you are a fan of The Soprano's this series is for you.Represented here is a lifestyle we may admire from a fantasy perspective, yet would be terrified if one of our sons went down this path. Plenty of guns, drinking and sex. No holds barred.&#34;Bad Boy&#34; Jax appears to be eye candy for the females in the audience despite the fact he beds anything with breasts and a vagina. Just the type of guy any father would toss from his home if his daughter brought him for dinner.Also of interest is the average age of the gang, mostly over the hill club members still appearing to be in their prime.Season two add ons include a not so good looking Ally Walker of &#34;Profiler&#34; fame. Unlike a fine wine, she has not gotten better with age. Adam &#34;mush mouth&#34; Arkin also plays a bad guy. He plays the same slow talking mumbling role we have seen from he time and time again.Overall the show is more entertaining than most of what we have to choose from on the tube, but is far from the classic so many pretend it to be.
This movie looked promising, but was absolutely awful!  What a waste of money and time.  Poor acting, script and not funny at all.  This is the worst movie of 2013.
Repetitive images and interview clips tire me out. Sure I believe something happened to this guy, obviously he's traumatized. But the film is thin, and filled with too much of the same over and over again. Better to watch any other paranormal show than this.
SPOILERS WARNING!!!--------------------The series started out good. It picks up exactly where it left off from season 1, where they introduced the the first sign of Skrulls are on the Earth trying to take over. The Skrulls still hiding themselves from most people knowledge and are slowly replacing every hero on Earth, one by one. But at the same time the Avengers learn that the Skrulls are on Earth trying to do that. The heroes don't know exactly who is a Skrull and who isn't until it's too late.  But one hero actually did find a way to identify Skrulls, but it's was too. Then, the final battle(s) for the ending of the first half of the series.The first half of the series got me interested in the season and it was great seeing NEW heroes and villains. If you recently played Ultimate Marvel vs Capcom 3 (UMVC3) than you would most likely know the new people in this series. It seems like the writers used UMVC3 as their selection list of new people to have in the series. It's fine with me because I like the game and the people in it.The second half of the series seemed to rotate around fighting the Kree invasion from Earth. But before all that stuff happens, they seemed to have many filler shows that are used to gain more and more Part Time Avenger Members. By doing this, it didn't seem like the second half of the series was as well made as the first half. I felt a little disconnection from the main plot and point of it.In the second half of the series for some reason people won't see the Hulk. He is there, but for like 2 shows out of 14. The time he is there, he barely did anything. He just seemed to disappeared from the whole series after he was free from capture. Now, you would think he would be in the show even more afterwards, however, he's not! For some reason, he seemed to want to become just a part time member.I heard they won't be a 3rd season, so it seemed like the last show of the second series was to end the whole Avenger series for good. The last show could had been like a whole season by itself, but they manage to do it in 1 show. I feel like they could had stretch out the story telling exactly like how they did it for the first half of the second season. Just as they did it for ending the first season, show the next villain and end it at that. But instead, they showed the villain for the 3rd season, but also took care of him too. It really doesn't make sense since he's not a regular old villain at all. But, I guess, since there's no more plans on future Avengers episodes, there was no choice otherwise.Maybe it for the bests. The Avenger second half got pretty bad and the story was thin and at the end got kind of boring.And, if this show was actually so good, why would they cancel it then? Because it's not that good, and it will be canceled!
I like the premise of this show but I think that it didn't move at an even pace.  The end of the pilot episode was quite captivating making Bosch more human.  I would watch it but I'm not intrigued to know what happens to any of the characters in the show. It could be great though.  It's hard to judge a show by only one episode.
I decided to watch this film based mostly on the fact that Isabelle Fuhrman had a role in it. I saw her incredible performance as the evil adopted child in the horror film Orphan and was interested in seeing her again. She has a very brief role and the script offers her nothing much to work with. Luckily I found Dakota Fanning's performance in War or the worlds very worthy and she also was worth taking notice. Its an amazing treat to watch child actors as they form their careers into lasting ones. Few get there, But some come to mind that have really blazed an impressive trail of solid and memorable performances. Jodie Foster, Linda Blair, Juliette Lewis, Leonardo DiCaprio to name a few have become serious actors. Houndog is a film that truly gives Fanning the perfect opportunity to show just how good she really is. Her performance was brilliant. The story is slow and a rather sad and empty one. And its all the more painful to see the tragic and painful moments never really getting resolved. For example she has a chance to see Elvis Presley live in concert(who means the world to her) but is tricked into thinking shell get a ticket to see him if she removes her clothes and dances and sings for a local teenager. Instead she ends up getting raped for her effort and never gets the ticket. The person responsible is never punished for his crime and the problem is never really resolved by the end of the film. Her innocence is nearly stolen from her forever, but a local black blues singer in town helps her recover from her ordeal and then helps her find some meaning in her life through music and learning to let go of her pain and demoms. David Morse as her father is truly a tragic figure in the film. A decent man who just falls to pieces after he is struck by lightning. Over all this was an unusual and interesting story. But I felt short-changed because the perverted child molester who took her innocence is never given his due. But I did like this film very much.
I am baffled by 30 Rock.  I bought Seasons 1-3 at a second hand DVD & CD store and it has been an utter pain to sit through every single episode of all three seasons.  It's like torture.  I can't believe I wasted my time and suffered through them.  This show just is not funny in the least.  It's hammy, stupid, utterly unrealistic in any possible way, the writing is bad, the acting is horrible.  There are other similar "loopy and unrealistic" TV shows, such as Ugly Betty and Scrubs, that work (I love both those shows).  But 30 Rock is just bad.  It doesn't work.  It seems like in every episode they are struggling to make the show funny and the show falls flat on its face every time.  The show's "stars" Tina Fey and Tracey Morgan are just not funny at all.  Alec Bladwin is good and kind of funny, but it's almost like you feel bad for him that he's surrounded by such bad actors and given such bad scripts.  And in Season 3 they resort to these super hokey "guest star" appearances by people like Steve Martin and Oprah Winfrey that are just super hammy and so painful to watch.  Like I said, I'm just mystified at how bad this show is and how it's lasted so long.
Linda Lovelace is perhaps the most recognized name in the adult entertainment industry. As an entertainer her career was short lived and boring. She happened into history and the industry at the right moment. Her sword swallowing technique has lead to many couple arguments and divorces as she has raised the bar, sort of speak. This film looks shortly at her naive youth, although she had a baby out of wedlock. It hits upon her most famous film, and glosses over how film went main stream and the problem with authorities. The film was supposed to show how she was abused by her husband (Peter Sarsgaard) but lacks being graphic in the details as if to say, &#34;Go read the book&#34; or &#34;You know the story.&#34;The nurse in the film &#34;Deep Throat&#34; was played by fawn looking Carol Connors who was a blond and not the hardcore looking silicon star Nicole Andrews. They could have at least tried for Carol Connors' fans. The film misses on a lot of cylinders, not knowing what direction it needed to take.Perv Guide: F-bomb, sex, off screen rape, nudity (Amanda Seyfried)
10 minutes into the movie, I realized I had seen it before!  I must have been channel surfing and caught just past the beginning.  Lackluster performances but watchable.
there wasn't anything that made me have any empathy for the victims. just a bunch of whiny people mad because their less than stellar behavior reaped bad results. welcome to the real world---oh and it does rain in southern California.
For the most part, I enjoyed the first season of Lie to Me. Tim Roth is a fine actor, and very well cast as the protagonist, Dr. Lightman. He lends depth and intensity to a script that sometimes veers into the dangerous waters of daytime drama. The plots are uniformly interesting, and nicely paced.  The filming was crisp, and the directing was tight, which made up for the woeful mediocrity of the rest of the cast. (The one notable exception to an otherwise bland supporting cast being Mekhi Phifer who plays Agent Ben Reynolds.  But, you have to wait until the end of the first season for this much needed spice.)The real problem with Lie to Me is that, unlike Bones, there is very little science in the science. (And now I am going to speak as someone who has spent countless hours of doctoral research on cross-cultural nonverbal communication.) While the main ideas behind the psycholinguistics of deception are correct, some of the "data" presented in this show are completely misleading.  Somehow the writers, whether in their ignorance of the subtleties of the field, or in the interest of presenting something palatable to a general TV audience, have missed the basic point of psycholinguistics, which is that nonverbal and paralinguistic modes of communication are shared by all members of a given society.  In other words, we are all "naturals." Reading subtle facial cues ("body language") is a vital part of what keeps society going. In fact, individuals who cannot read these subtle cues are diagnosable as autistic. (Asberger's Syndrome is a form of autism in which the individual cannot read nonverbal emotional cues.) So, there really isn't any magic in reading nonverbal cues.The other side of that coin is that we cannot correctly interpret nonverbal cues if we are not members of that society.  While it is true that there are some universal expressions (fear, surprise), the vast majority of facial cues are culture specific. Lying falls into that category. If a Mayan Indian smiles, nods and says "yes" after being told the world will end in 2012, he or she is NOT agreeing with you, but he or she is also not lying. (Nodding, smiling and saying "yes" are merely signs of politeness. If you asked that same person if he or she had murdered someone after breakfast that morning, you would receive exactly the same response.) The only thing a psycholinguist can accurately judge is whether a person from a given society is displaying discomfort or anxiety.  The cause of that discomfort is unknown, of course, and does not mean that the person is lying. (Which is why polygraphs are so notoriously unreliable. Telling the truth can make a person even more uncomfortable than lying.) In that light, I found the constant refrain of "You're lying!" to be not only irritating, but highly inaccurate. (There are also quite a few factual errors which not only reveal a profound ignorance of the legal system on the part of the writers, but an unwillingness to do simple research, both of which are inexcusable in the age of the internet.)In spite of the reservations I have about this show, I still found it fun to watch Tim Roth, if not much else.
I really don't understand why the show needs to expend on some of the subjects it is going into. It seems to be looking for a theme but still has not found it self. Not great but ok.
This is a pretty good classic sci-fi series, makes for pretty good watching but dont' expect to be floored its good not great.
Season 1 was pretty good, liked season 2 way better in my hood. Season 1 just seemed so lets see how many times we can lose the guy as away Joe did fly. The FBI agents were so dumb, it was like their feet were stuck in gum. Still fun to watch if you don't expect a lot. Glad it was caught.
Hard to sympathize with these crooked cops. But well acted, although shot rather dark. As per usual the women get trashed.
I often have to watch what my child is watching and usually its entertaining but this was like torture.  It was so boring I was very glad it stopped after 4 episodes.
There are rescue missions in every episode. Diego is a animal rescuer. In each episode, A animal is in trouble.
Well for a show that started out with great intent of keeping it somewhat tame. They are getting to the point of (This is a show not intended for children to watch) Many adult situations in it. More Drama than seasons before. All I can say is if you have children under the age of 18 this is a show they shouldn't watch. That of course is my opinion. But I'm a person that has morals as many these days clearly do not.
I haven't been enthralled with this season - too many plot lines, too many supporting characters introduced that are vaguely defined and, god help me, they're even reintroducing minor characters from previous seasons that I barely recall. Follow it all best I can but it  seems they really don't have a strong vision for the season - just bits and pieces they're stringing together to keep the whole convoluted mess chugging along.
So far a bit lack luster the plot is very slow.  But it is my sort of show .you know all metaphysical and hyperdimensional and stuff. So we will continue to tune in and buy when we have to .
OK...no one will like this review, but that's OK. Everything that has to do with space on TV or in the movies in the US is NASA-backed. NASA has closed down its space-shuttle program and is getting ready to decommission the IST, so they are getting ready for a huge push (in sucking up your tax money) to expand their programs. The mars mission is on the boards. Another digital space station (probably not internationally-sanctioned) is also in the works. These shows are written to make US citizens be PRO-SPACE, which is why a zillion Star Treks were sanctioned; so that you don't mind them stealing billions and trillions of dollars of your tax money, while they let our planet rot in its own filth! This show is Sci-Fi Channel stuff and utilizes the identical forms of propaganda:*pushing outrageously expensive space programs, while the rest of the planet's needs rot in hell!*spiffy technologies--mostly to push this crap on consumers, who need the next tablet!*inter-racial sex and relationships (The JNWO's never-ending mission to dilute/exterminate the white-Christian race)*pushing robotics--this is the next big moneymaker for NWO companies*the Japanese as technological and intellectual leaders of the worldThis showing is merely for analyzing test audiences to see if they will accept this propaganda on a weekly basis.
To much nudity and sex with a kid involved. Story lines are weak at best. You know he's going to lay the girl as soon as they meet no surprise there. The girls are pretty and built but a woman wouldn't really let her daughter be subjected to such a life. If you want T and A and lots of it watch the series. Other wise there are much better series to watch.
I thought this would be a nice little film about what to eat and how to get healthy as a vegan. Not so much. I should have known when they went to the grocery store and she was showing them what was and wasn't considered a vegan product. Did you know Oreo's are vegan? Yep! Wow, and so healthy for you...  That's when I realized the film maker wasn't so much interested in spreading a message about how to get healthy eating as a vegan, but was more interested in proving that eating animal products was contributing to animal cruelty. Yeah, and don't even get me started on all the soy crap they "discover". Soy is not a health food, people!!Personally, I already know all about how animals raised for food are treated. I read "Diet For a New America" many years ago and it totally opened my eyes. I was not interested in seeing that again. I understand that she wanted to prove a point, but I don't like the idea of forcing people to see that sort of thing without a warning to begin with. It felt like the filmmaker's only justification for being a vegan was the fact that animals raised as food are treated badly. It wasn't about health at all. The message I got was "become a vegan so no more animals have to suffer".And, if you don't know anything else, you're going to watch this and believe that ALL food animals are treated inhumanely.I had to stop watching this movie about half-way through, so maybe it isn't fair of me to give it a review, but I think it's important that other people know before going in, what's in store for them. It wasn't what I thought, and I don't want that message forced down my throat. I'd rather watch "Food, Inc." I thought it was a million times better than this.
Spoilers: All the character build up didn't mean anything in the end. Alan in Hangover 3 yelling at Stu for learning absolutely nothing reminds me of Ted and Barney in the finale. Barney spent years becoming a better man for Robin to suddenly not like traveling so much with her for her job, time for a divorce! Come on! Two years of slowly building up towards their wedding just to end it in one episode! Then Barney reverts back to his old ways and picks up women in front of his ex wife.And waiting years to see who the mom is, we meet her and love her but she dies. It's all good; Ted still loves Robin and his kids are cool with him moving on. Most of the series showed us why Robin and Ted doesn't work.Now we have a spinoff to look forward to (How I Met Your Dad). 9 yrs later "And kids that's how I met your dad; too bad he was hit by a truck yesterday, is it cool if I date the now single mail man who always smiled at me ?"
Oh brother, so pridictible and overacted. Just a waste of time, Don't bother.
Luke (Jake Johnson) and Kate (Olivia Wilde) work at a micro-brew and spend their nights drinking at a bar. They are close friends. Luke has a girlfriend Jill (Anna Kendrick) who is a teacher and level headed. Kate has been dating Chris (Ron Livingston) for 8 months. He is also level headed. Our foursome go away for a weekend where Chris has the realization Kate is not right for him. He is more interested in Jill. Chris breaks up with Kate which leads to...pretty much nothing except the realization there is life outside of drinking.This is a pretty much been there done that film for me and I was bored from the lack of comedy, action, or drama beyond a sarcastic remark. Not much in entertainment value.F-bomb. Implied sex. Olivia Wilde brief nudity?
The production is beautiful, and the acting is excellent, but the story simply plays out a series of cliches that never add up to make a plot, and by the end, when you realize it was exactly what you both expected it to be and hoped it would not be, this albeit well-made short falls flat.
This movie is clearly intended to be a commentary on American's fear of Mexicans, with a particular slant arguing for the irrationality of this position.  I'm tired of having movies and media tell me how I should feel about this issue.  I'm even more tired of the attempt to cloak social and political commentary within a movie that's seemingly about conventional aliens.  District 9 was at least a highly engaging film.  I know Americans as a lot tend to expect fast paced, action-filled films, but we do and so what? Right wrong or indifferent, Americans' general preferences align to these core values, with some exceptions here and there.  This film, unfortunately, doesn't fulfill.  While I appreciate its attempt to allegorically demonstrate the irrationality of Americans' core xenophobia, I'm sick of the message. Further, good satire, ironic or otherwise, derives its value from being a compelling story on multiple levels, including the simplistic, face-value story presented, through its underlying messages.  This movie is just not that interesting on its face value/level. It does a good job of making the key actors interesting and relatable to the audience, but their journey is much more matter of fact and devoid of conflict, that is just drags on without eliciting the emotional response the film clearly thinks it should drag out.  This is my principal complaint - the actual on-screen action is widely disconnected from the message the story seems to be trying to convey.  I must say, however, that if you're renting this film, you'll likely not regret your decision, but if you buy, this will either end up on your ebay to sell list, or collect dust.
One of those things you watch on Netflix when there's nothing  else to wawth - I agree with the other reviewers that this should be seen as a character study of a disturbed individual. I don't believe he is lying - I believe that HE believes what he is saying - like one of the speakers (a psychologist?) states - chidrens' memories are filled in by what they see and here until they become reality to them. It is interesting that although Danny claims to have been in therapy - he still harbors such deep hatred toward George, as an adult he hasn't been able to move beyond it. As an agnostic, (who believes in the paranormal), they lost my interest when Lorraine Warren whipped out her 'pieces of the cross Jesus died on' - yawn.But all and all, enjoyable enough to finish. And laugh of the day - the reviewer that gave this one star because she bought this thinking it was THE Amityille Horror movie - people never cease to amaze me.
My daughter and I struggled all the way through this  . . . movie. It was almost impossible to understand the dialogue. We had to look up the summary online to even know what was going on. We spent a good part of the time saying to each other, &#34;What did he/she say?&#34; I love movies with character and plot development; but if this movie had those, I must have missed it. We dismissed the review that said it was boring - need four more words - boring, boring, boring, boring. They were so right. The only good part that was noted was Colin Farrell's lovely accent. If only the movie had had a good sound engineer!
This show is fun to watch but the items they plant in the storage units makes it so fake.  Perhaps the actors could learn some new lines when finding the planted items.
I liked the premise of the story, but I didn't like the incessant swearing. I also didn't care much for the stereotypes.
Thus show is really cute...just a lot of toddler animals going through &#34;situations&#34;.  The claymation is great...but it's kinda annoying that they only talk in animals sounds even though animals don't really talk lol.  But my son enjoys it and no violence so it's ok.
Too long to get going I did not watch it completely through to long to start up,  these are seals let me see some action
Disappointing body horror flick (think early David Cronenberg but without the pulpy thrills) about a young lesbian who is roofied at a party and has unprotected sex with a man in his car.  The next day she starts feeling sick and is eventually convinced that she has a sexually transmitted disease.Contracted has a lot of promise that it never fulfills, both because of lack of imagination and unnecessary implausibilities that make the movie feel a whole lot dumber than it apparently thinks it is.When the main character goes to her doctor with alarming symptoms that include extensive vaginal bleeding and a slowed heart rate he tells her she has a head cold.  When she goes back a day later with even more alarming symptoms including teeth and hair falling out and bloody red eyes he tells her to avoid contact with other people until the results of her blood test comes back when a more reasonable response would be to admit her to a hospital and possibly contact the CDC.The police are looking for anyone who came into contact with that man at the party, which suggests they might know something about what is happening to the heroine, but she refuses to go to the police and her friend who gave the party, knows her friend had sex with the guy, knows her friend is super sick and is visited by the police multiple times also neglects to inform them.  Instead she tells the girl's lesbian lover, which might make sense to the people who made this movie but, under the circumstances, seemed pretty bizarre to me.It also would have been cool if the lead character was spreading a plague without realizing it (like Marilyn Chambers in Rabid) and she works in a restaurant, preparing salads, touching glasses and dishes and silverware--which would be the perfect way to accidentally spread a deadly disease--but the movie does absolutely nothing with this obvious narrative opportunity, which seems like a huge waste.Contracted follows the least interesting path that it possibly can given its set-up and ends up being a well-acted but dull horror film with a few gross images but not much else.
I watched this long after I should have quit hoping it would become redeming in some way but it kept getting worse.  I would not recommend it.
Bloom does a fair job playing the main character. The plot is failry simple the acting is middle of the road. Personally, I got a little bored with this movie. What amazes me about the movie is how the supporting cast seem to feel he is innocent of any crimes. It so obvious their is something wrong about him.
It's a struggle to watch this season of Grimm. I had my doubts towards the end of season 2, and now it's just stupid. I wish I had paid for this one episode at a time.
Figured I watch the pilot and check out the movie...what a joke.  If folks think censoring is appropriate, why bother having the lines in the first place?  This movie is not some G rated Disney film so why is it getting bleeped constantly?  Just plain stupid.Thankfully with this preview I can avoid the series and look for some other adult rated movies who do not censor their content.
A lot &#34;off the wall&#34;.First thing I noticed was the Alert response time (at the beginning) of nearly 10 minutes is TOTALLY wrong. (Seriously folks, it's under 60 seconds!!)  and to place the ONE GUY responsible (for the whole debacle) in a position of leadership!?! NOT HAPPENING!!! And there's not a way -- good or bad -- to 'spin' it.The story was very good, but what this series lacked was a director.
I'm a bit torn in my evaluation of the new thriller "Rites of Spring." As a low budget shocker, it leaves a lot to be desired with a clunky screenplay that raises more questions than it answers. But I also appreciated that the film attempted to meld two different film genres into one story. If not always successful, it was something that I'd never really seen before. So I'll give writer/director Padraig Reynolds points for originality. "Rites of Spring" is really two different films. One is a standard heist picture and one is a horror story. Neither is particularly well developed or spectacular on their own, but it's the mash-up that keeps things interesting. My head is telling me that the movie should only rate about two stars. My heart, however, is pushing me toward three stars just because the idea behind the film is rather bonkers. And I like that! I didn't love "Rites of Spring" and probably wouldn't view it a second time, but I enjoyed seeing the two stories collide!The first plot thread revolves around the unexplained disappearances of young women that have plagued a small community. Two girls out for a night are abducted and soon find themselves in a treacherous situation. The creepy fellow that grabbed them seems to be preparing them for a ritual sacrifice. But for what? And is there any chance of escape? The other story revolves around a gang of losers that decide to kidnap a wealthy man's daughter to extract a fortune in ransom. Of course, not all goes as planned. There are some major trust issues and personal agendas within the group. Before the evening is through, they'll have to determine just who is playing whom. But wouldn't you know it? The abducted girls are on a property adjacent to the where the kidnappers are holed up. So a night of crime will soon collide with a night of horror. As the body count escalates, it becomes a battle for survival. Will anyone endure until dawn?My biggest complaint about "Rites of Spring" has to do with a lack of genuine plot development. Nothing really makes much sense in the telling. Neither story, as written and presented, would be satisfying on its own and that's a near fatal misstep. The kidnapping scheme is rather ridiculous and we never know how these guys got together to do something so extreme. Meanwhile, the horror story gets the vaguest (and most over-used) of explanations. Reynolds sets up these two separate scenarios, but each one feels a bit lazy (especially if taken alone). Trust me, aside from the mash-up angle, you've seen it all before and you've seen it better. At a brief 81 minutes, however, it is just nutty enough to hold your attention. About 2 1/2 stars. As I said, I'd have been happy enough watching this for free, but it's not something that I'd recommend as a blind purchase. KGHarris, 11/12.
This pilot did disappoint.  It had a cast of characters that hit all the bases - and more, even if some were weak.  But it was uneven and absurd - a bit too far fetched.  If they can develop the premise (not sure what that might be) the audience may find it something to escape to.  There are plenty of people who like this type of drama.  It just isn't for me.
This series did not engage my sensibilities enough to pay for the rest of the episodes. It was mediocre - not exciting enough or actually at all. If it went to Prime I would watch it but not worth any more dollars to view. Sorry. Loved the title.
As someone not interested in football, I thought maybe I'd get a kick out of a woman who has inherited a football team.  Unfortunately, this show was not funny and the acting was not very good.  It's odd, because Zea was pretty good in Justified.
I really enjoyed the various incarnations of Stargate-until SGU.  I hate to say it but SGU is just plain boring.  The plots are sadly lacking and there is just no chemistry.  The actors do a good job with what they have to work with but it is just not enough.  I watched eight episodes hoping it would get interesting before I gave up.  I wouldn't buy this series in any form no matter how cheap they offered it.
I don't like the change in dynamics between Peter & Neil.I HATED the introduction of a new handler ... I'm glad they killed him off.I don't like that Neil is having to do so many &#34;underneath&#34; things.This seems to be a setup for some really bad blood between he & Peter.And why did they change Elizabeth's personality.  She's sort of turned mean toward Neil.
I wasn't prepared for this.  I have seen crazy 'stage' moms on T&T;, but they're kittens compared to these rabid banshee dance moms.  These women are just wretched, their behavior certifiably insane and so obviously living the life they wished they had through their children.  So if you like watching presumed adults at their absolute worst then this would be a good match.My heart broke for these kids who are trying their best to learn an art they obviously love.  They are thrown into the meat-grinder by moms who are screaming at each other daily without a care that the children are hearing every hurtful word.  This one bad-mouthing that ones child, complaining about assignments, about the time each gets, the dance they get to do, whether or not they get a solo, etc.  Shame on them.  They should not be allowed to watch rehearsals, they should be forced to leave the building, go home, go shopping, just go.  Let the kids dance.The children are marvelous.  It's amazing to watch these kids all under the age of 12 dance!!  I loved watching them, but the mothers always ruined it, not only for me the viewer, but for the children.  The dance instructors are firm but good and it shows in the advancement of the kids, and the kids love them.What I would like to see is the family and friends of these insane women watch each program.  I would like to see them forced to defend their behavior with those closest to them.  I would like them to feel the sting of humiliation, just like the kids are forced to week after week as the quasi-adults misbehave behind a thin sheet of glass.
The most amateur production quality of all of the &#34;Amazon Originals&#34; that I tried out.  I love the concept, and the title, but the show was very obviously poor, very quickly.
Would love to see them develop the relationships with the team better. I mean if they are partners why are they arguing all the time?and wouldn't it be awesome if Rosen was a secret Alpha?
The show is great, however, Amazon's delivery is leaving something to be desired.  The show was online for free yesterday, and didn't show up in my Amazon library until today 48 hours after broadcast.  They do this again, I'll cancel the season.  Why pay for something I can get for free?  This has been a problem in the past with Amazon's videos which is why I wrote it up as a rating.
I like Michael J Fox but  the show's characters don't come across as appealing...characters need to develop depth  and pace needs to slow...less slapstick
The much bigger budget for Stargate Universe as compared to Stargate Atlantis is easily recognized in the quality of the set and the CG creativity. The main story line shows much promise and originality, the main story line being a group of civilians and military personnel stranded on a several 100,000 year old space cruiser over which they have little control as it speeds through space.The kernel of each episode is cantered on the problems encountered while trying to keep the star cruiser running, but the script writers have taken the linear story style of Stargate Atlantis and set it on its head. About 7 out of the 9 episodes I've watched more or less use a very disruptive story telling style, IMO. Perhaps is is just my taste in film style, but I personally find the sudden and frequent changes in time between the present, the past and sometimes the future very disruptive and distressing to watch and I'm talking 15 to 20 seconds between changes from present to past, to future than back to the present. Thanks to the streaming video I am able to fast forward through these horrible ordeals.Additionally, the script writers have written in sudden changes from reality to fantasy such as memories, flight of imagination and such things which are portrayed in a realistic style and therefore extremely hard to follow, and detracts from he main story development which is surviving on this several 100,000 year old star cruiser.The writers seem to have decided that character development is to be done by cutting from the main activity on the star cruiser using this choppy style. It is very similar to the style used in the TV series "Lost" and equally annoying and irrelevant. It is almost as if the writers have to insert this horrible content that IMO adds nothing to the plot except extending and filling out the episodes like they couldn't think of anything else to do.Ultimately, I find myself very often watching in suspense and interest only to be drowned in vanilla cut scenes to personal events in the characters past that does absolutely nothing for the plot or character development that could not have been done in one tenth the time in a more conventional style such as that used on the two previous Stargate series.This TV series has the potential to be a 5 star rating. I gave it 3 and would have given it 2 1/2 if I could have because of the botched up writing of the script.I find this rather tragic as the concept is great and the acting is more than adequate. I hope the writers stop screwing it up and get their script writing together.I recommend this TV series only if you are willing to put up with the 7 out of every ten minutes of crap, IMO, for the three minutes out of ten that are truly great cinema.
Typical short series kinda sci-fi. Worth the watch if your looking for something easy to watch and have time to kill.
Ohmy. I used to think that the brand J.J. Abrams meant something good. Now I guess it means that he is being well paid to put his name behind even beyond bad products. Like this. There is not a single redeeming quality that excuses this disaster. The general plot is so bad, repetitive, and predictable as are the plots of each episode. Having a cute lovely child as main character doesn't do anything to mitigate the fact that the plot, the dialogues, and the acting are just terrible. Renegade group of scientists / good rebels help little paranormally gifted girl to escape from being used by mean scientist and government as a weapon. She is paired with a man wrongfully accused of murder, who is rescued from his own execution (an absolutely unnecessary "plot twist" -- faux pas really). This guy is her dad, which you know in about 5 seconds, but he is very very very slow and the only person in the universe for whom it takes a couple of terribly bad episodes to discover the obvious. And even though she controls minds and objects and reads situations and people and changes reality, they are utterly unable of doing anything decently well. Except, of course, being very, but very, really good samaritans (in case the blonde hair illuminated by an unsourced light was too sutil, you might need clues to understand that she is angelical). So, they escape all the time. The little angel and the wrongly persecuted criminal. None of whom should be in the acting career. Let's hope they catch them soon and put an end to our misery.
Derivative in the worst way, with a low budget look, cliche acting, and lazy editing. Wanted it to be good but.....
Makes you  feel just like your watching a ABC family movie, even the musical score included!Girl  meets boy, and search for each other afterwards without ever introducing themselves. A light hearted watchable film. Stick around for its cutesy ending.
Interesting crimes and more development of characters. Still has lots of unusual crimes with twists and turns as the stories develope.
I tend to watch a lot of off-beat and non-mainstream movies. When you do this, you'll come across as much garbage as there was in the trash compactor scene in the original STAR WARS. However, every once in a while you'll uncover a gem. Sometimes, you'll uncover a really unusual movie that's really not all that great, but is so unusual that the very oddity and absurdity of it makes it stand out and worth watching through. RUBBER is one of those movies.RUBBER is a movie about a killer tire. The film opens with a man (Jack Plotnick) standing out in the middle of the desert covered in binoculars. Then a car comes driving up a dirt road destroying a bunch of wooden chairs that have been set up as though they were orange safety cones. The car stops and a man in a police uniform (Stephen Spinella) gets out and begins talking into the camera. He gives a long monologue about in every great movie there is an element of something happening for "no reason" and that's what this movie is all about. He then dumps out the beverage in his hand and jumps back into the car and is driven off. Then the man with the binoculars begins passing out binoculars to a group of spectators standing behind roped off pillars. The people take their binoculars and turn around and begin watching the movie. Throughout the rest of the film RUBBER moves back and forth between the action of Robert the Tire and the audience. Towards the end of the movie, the audience actually becomes a part of the movie.So, with the absurdist theatre element in place, the main "action" follows the deeds of Robert the Tire. It's never explained in the movie how or why (and Robert isn't even given a name, except in the special features and in promotional materials) Robert comes to be. He just rises out of the dirt and is. It takes him some time to get adjusted to just standing up and then rolling around of his own accord. But soon he's off and rolling. Then he comes across a plastic bottle in his way and he flattens it. Next a scorpion in his way meets the same fate. However, the next object is a glass bottle and Robert can't flatten that. This seems to upset him so tries to destroy it with his mind and succeeds in making it explode. So, now Robert is a living tire who has a type of pyrokinesis, he can't make things explode with his mind. Robert quickly moves from exploding bottles to exploding living things.In some ways RUBBER is a critique at the way Hollywood and the studios usually make movies. It's an insane process that doesn't make any sense to most people and often even confounds those in the movie business. I know there are countless times I've left a film thinking, "How did they get to make that?!" RUBBER pokes fun of that and the way that most people are just there to watch a good show. Yet, that passivity can make us animals. But, don't read too much into that. RUBBER is, after all, a movie about a killer tire.
Unenlightened drivel, acting high brow.  Full of foul language throughout, as far as I know (I couldn't finish the last fourth of the movie because I was so offended by the continued foul language and intolerance of religious persons).  I was hoping it would get better s it went along, showing the professor and his students were mistaken in their beliefs.  But alas they never learned the truth because they did not even want to believe there is truth.  What kept me going for as long as I did was seeing how these atheists act and think.  It did remind me of the bullying done at universities to Christians.
William Dafoe is a great actor and is the only reason why this movie got 2 stars and not 1 star.  The plot was flawed, unrealistic and the overall story did not make any sense.I am upset that I wasted almost 2 hours of my time and $9.99 to see this horrible movie before it was in theaters.  I hope the movie studios learn from the poor rental results and do not waste their money promoting this film.
These are some smart, talented actors doing what they can with bad writing. Bathroom humor is not funny, it's lazy and a huge turnoff. Yuck.
Despite John Thaw's acclaimed qualities as an actor, I find that he was only convincing when he played a character who was very close to himself. So, which ever of his later characters you take, you are really just left with John Thaw. Morse is very much John and, to me, the best part of the show was the views of Oxford University. The plots are incredibly complex which does not really produce a compelling detective story; the viewer, or reader, really needs some chance of being able to solve the riddle. The character of Lewis is equally poor and boredom is never far from my mind. John had a British RADA accent overlaying his boyhood Manchester brogue and it often slips quite badly which is embarrassing.
I didn't like the movie.  The acting was lame as was the script.  It felt like a wannabe grindhouse gone wrong.  There are some one liners said in the movie that were suppose to be funny but fell flat.  The plot is that of a simple revenge movie with no surprises....spoiler alert........if you haven't watched it and want to you may not want to read further...hobo dies taking out final bad guy.  I gave it two stars just for the amount of gore although most is blood splatters but not all.
Gary Trudeau has taken every leftist cliche to form the characters and dialogue in this pilot.  Unfunny, unimaginative, sophomoric---a lot like his career over the past decade or so.
Single Handed is a really good program -- always interested in what the police man's life is like in other countries.  The family can watch this one with you. Only wish there were more seasons.
Sorry, just didn't care much for this one.  Truthfully didn't watch all of it.  A complete wast of time, absolutely nothing there.
Well, I wish I could recite the plot or give the prospective audience a review of exactly what this film is about and what I disliked and liked about it but I can't make myself write an intelligent commentary basically for the simple reason that there isn't any thoughtful remarks to be made when it comes to rating this movie.I'll try to summarise what I understood so far, a bunch of superficial men and women are introduced and they talk about their boring uninteresting lives as well as sexcapades. I just yawned the entire time, this is exactly what the media is trying to brain wash people into being nowadays; mindless, self entitled, unambitious dumb heads who will chase the first trend they see.Ugh, I couldn't even finish it skip this mediocre stupid movie and watch something else more meaningful. Whoever made this mess should be ashamed of themselves.
This sequel starts off promising with a series of bloggers discussing the authenticity of the original GRAVE ENCOUNTERS...sort of a parody within a parody.  One blogger, an aspiring filmmaker, believes the found footage is real, and wants to go to the hospital to prove it.  Ironically, this novice director is working on a slasher movie, another overworked genre.  Anyway, the first half of GE2 looks like a potentially effective sequel, but the appearance of a character from the original film sends the movie on a downward spiral it doesn't recover from.The Vicious Brothers wrote the script but didn't direct this time.  It's disappointing to see a potentially good sequel disintegrate so easily.  Let's hope this ends the franchise.
loved the first 2 seasons, last year it introduced the character in this season that i am so not liking. anyone who remembers the series &#34;V&#34;, and the &#34;starchild&#34; will understand how annoying this show has become. Such a shame because the show has been very good up until now and debating on waiting until i comes to Prime so i don't have to waste $1.99 an episode to be disappointed...bummed
Every aspect of cinematography, acting, plot, script, direction - just fails.  A plot as old a my grandmothers wall paper and just as shoddy and worn.  Nothing new and poorly presented at that.  There is so much better available to spend your time on this this, seriously just pass this one by.
After 3 episodes, I really hope it doesn't go in this direction. Steven's remarks near the end of the episode made my stomach sink. Explanations for evolution as being "given for a reason?" Really? It could have been poor writing, but "given" implied a giver. "Maybe we were given these powers to help people." Seriously? Or, maybe, since these special powers are supposedly the next evolutionary step in human development, they were'nt 'given' but a natural evolutionary path. Uh,m see what I mean? Must everything revert back to the lowest thinking denominator? Yesm floods because we're 'given' punishment, and disease because were being punished, and wealth becsaue we were GIVEN wealth for a reason. Shoddy writing at best.How about this: If everything evolves with survival as the reason, then maybe evolution has provided powers to further the survival of the species. Simple, huh? Oh, but it's so much better to try and wedge in some sort of religiosity, right?I was starting to warm up to this series too in that there are some substantive points being made about morality, technology, human nature, instinct, etc. But if we're going to go the route of explanation by gods, forget it.Update: Episode, "Thanatos."This is my last episode. The writing is simply lazy and unbelievable. So, in this last episode, John teleports Jedikiah into an Ultra safe house with power modules in it, so then John can't use his powers to escape. Really? I mean, are we suppose to believe that this is even a possibility for a group of teleporting humans that have as their main escape teleportation?Are we suppose to believe that of all of the places on earth that John could have teleported,  he chose an Ultra safe house?Are we suppose to believe that the only place they could keep the head of Ultra was in their own safe place? I mean they could have teleportred him to any part of the earth and back 10 times day. You know, "Hey, they're getting close again."Are we suppose to believe that the above people haven't gotten caught based on how stupid a move John just made?Actually, it wasn't any sort of intelligent being who made the mistake, for if this were real, no one with even sub-par intelligence would have teleported to an Ultra safe house.The real problem is that it's just too bad that writers these days don't have the intellectual horsepower to see the contradictions their own creation; rather, they insult viewer intelligence to a point of disbelief.For ages 6-10 (and 10 is pushing it logically speaking)
The info was very interesting and presented in a way that an older elementary student would understand.  I would encourage kids to watch this.
Although I've yet to see the concluding chapter of "Twilight," I can't image it would be any worse than this mess.  Here we have 2 teen age girls, both with issues who meet, get friendly then bleed, vomit and cough up teeth on each other.  I'm not sure if director Bradley Rust Gray was trying to make a horror film, but the film is horrible.The horror element comes in often as Diane (Juno Temple, "The Dark Knight Rises") who also has an identical twin, has nightmares (which we get to enjoy) of some sort of monster (werewolf?)  I couldn't quite figure it out.  We see this growth of long hair, blood, teeth and internal organs mixed into the visuals.  It never makes sense as to what it is or why she has the dreams.Diane also seems like the needy, fair-weather lesbian, just there for the moment, whereas Jack (Riley Keogh, "Magic Mike") is the real deal.  Butch in all ways.  That's about it.  Just 110 minutes with two sour-faced unlikeable young women.  Not funny, not sexy, not interesting, not emotional, not educational.  I needed a shower after I watched it...the warm kind.The Blu ray transfer comes with a 1080p resolution and a 1.85:1 aspect ratio.  Shot in 35 mm film, it looks very good on Blu ray.  Film grain remains and clarity is good for the most part.  Skin tones are spot on as are most of the colors.  The audio is DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1.  The film is dialog centric so the surrounds don't come into play often.  Sometimes with ambient noise but rear channels come alive with the nice soundtrack.  Extras include a 10 minute doc about the special effects, an AXS-TV promo, a trailer and other Magnolia features.
I think this series is the main cause of why my blood pressure is escalating whenever I pay attention to it. I was never fond of Police/Investigation/Crime shows except for a few here and there. My friend insisted this was a good show to watch and don't get me wrong for the first 5 or so episodes it was thrilling and engaging but it doesn't take long for the viewer to realize that the plots just keep dragging on and on and are quite repetitive. In short the fault doesn't lie with the actors but with the plot itself, it's ridiculous even for a TV show.Joe Carrol a former college professor, is well the villain the title "The Following" is based on his ability to reach out for those unloved/unwanted/outcast civilians who also suffer from a disease called psychopathy or otherwise known in today's pop culture Psycho. He more or less uses these people to form an organization that's going to follow his lead of serial murders, kidnappings, torture and all the inhuman activities ever invented to help him write the greatest novel alive which will be based on the real life of these murders. Not Only that he also chooses Ryan Hardy the former FBI agent who had an affair with Joe Carrol's ex wife and was the reason behind his capture a couple of years ago to be the patroness of this great work of literature that he's preparing. But that's not the point. The Point is the bad people are all intellects, sophisticated, dominating, sneaky and have a good strategy. While the good guys on the other hand, are hopeless and by hopeless I mean they can't do anything to save their lives and as a ramification of that the bad guys keep winning over and over while the good once lose everything.I just got bored, the endless killings of civilians in the name of this literally work while no one's able to catch them in the act is a tad unbelievable. The ability of Joe Carrol to brain wash as many people to join him in his little killing spree is just unrealistic and strange especially when we come to realize he was doing it while he was behind bars through the internet? Seriously! Come Join me in my quest of criminal activties and you'll get a chapter in my upcoming book! Yeah, no one will buy that!The minions are pathetic, losers who killed their (-------) and ran away with it cause the authorities are so dumb to catch them especially when they're already suspects entering a freaking Jail to visit a death row criminal who's responsible for the killing of 14 young girls. Did You get that? He's a mass murder and still gets unlimited jail visit times to interview his minions.Just, don't let me go any further I could go on and on and on about how stupid and impossible this situation would be in real life but I don't think my ramblings will end.Not to mention, he escapes prison again! and his followers fly him through a helicopter don't ask me how they afforded it unless they killed it's passengers to a huge mansion where he'll be crowned as their King. If this was happening in some medieval legend I might have bought that but in the real world in modern times with all this technology?I don't really know what the writers of this show are trying to portray by doing all of this? Is it for the sake of entertainment alone? Cause if it is let me tell you it's quite repetitive. Unless the writers have this hate for the FBI and just want to portray them as useless then fine. Whatever!I don't think I'll be watching the following season. What a waste of great potential!
I hope that people enjoy the TV series that did not read the book.  I suspect others who have read the book are gravely disappointed.  Spoilers will appear in this description.  It seems that everyone in town are less than 30 years old other than Big Jim and a few of his cohorts.  The age curve is so skewed that it doesn't allow the sense of town to be depicted.  It feels fake.  In order to believe, you just can't have too many FAKE arguments.  Big Jim's looney son was an excellent demented character in the book but in the TV series he is just a half wit.  Barbie's character in the book was believable.  Again maybe those who did not go read the book first might find his character acceptable but viewed from the books perspective he just doesn't have the true strength of character necessitated for this story.  The red-haired &#34;reporter&#34; walks, walks and walks through her role that really should have been charged full of energy.  The two linked kids finding the egg - too soon, too boring and just too goofy.  Aces for the Book, Jokers for the TV series.
interesting concept and story.  ok acting, but no &#34;memorable&#34; performances. interesting special effects. I will probably continue to watch this show to see what's next.
This is like the lesser red haired brother no one talked about of Fringe. Acting was good except for a couple people who seemed emotionally detached. I know that people handle grief differently, but if I was told my family was murdered I think I would have done more than sit there quietly with a smile on my face. You might get that she didn't like her parents, well you would be wrong, she loved them. So you might see why I said the acting was good except in a couple areas. Its not a terrible show, but its not a great show either.
Ugh! Predictable and brainless. There isn't one chracter on this show that was in any way likable. And the coke-sniffing, gun-toting monkey was utterly stupid. Do not waste your time on this one. Maybe if they gave the monkey a typewriter it could have come up with a better story!
While the first two seasons were very successful, the third season is awful. THe idea of changing the format slightly is understandable and the creators were probably aftaid of getting in a rut. The problem is that the show was really very good. Until, at first Earls goes to prison, during which time he stops crossing things off his list and then he goes into a coma and it gets worse, a lot worse. Also, while previously the storylines were funny now the want to shock also slightly and the whole concept does not work anymore really.
"If the tables were turned, your brother would have found your killer and brought me his head on a platter." Julian (Gosling) manages a small time Thai boxing club that fronts for a drug ring. When his brother murders a 14 year old prostitute a hired hit-man is brought in to kill him. Julian's mother (Thomas) shows up to get her son's body and to get Julian to extract revenge in the name of his brother. I have seen Drive and I did like it but it was different and very slow. This is the same writer and director of that movie and the style and feel are almost identical. For those that haven't seen Drive, this movie is very slow moving and deliberate with the dialog. By that I mean that every word has a point and seems important. Also much like drive this review has more words then are spoken in the entire movie. I know I keep comparing this to Drive but that is really all I have to say about it. Same feel and writing, but to me it wasn't as good. Overall, if you really liked Drive you will like this one as well. I give it a C+.
The formula has been done many times so I wasn't expecting any breakthroughs, however it had its funny moments. If I had to guess the new owner of the team falls for the bad boy quarterback after a series of comedic mishaps....
The show is overall good but this season took a odd turn. Half the characters from first season at the Rub disappear and the new ones well are a hit and miss.  Overall the relationships between the leads are really good. However the one lead they simply put the the back was the original Rub owner.  She needs more screen time and more development.  Without her there wouldn't be a story.  Like I said - good show overall but definitely needs work on structure and overall story.
WHERE&#8217;S HENRY MANCINI when you need him? This thriller about a piano-playing genius needs a better score. And a better script and director.It&#8217;s no fun to slam a movie with actors &#8211; Elijah Wood and John Cusack &#8211; I enjoy. Or a director, composer and crew who, in the extras, appear so talented and likable. But this tribute to Alfred Hitchcock and Brian De Palma fails on so many levels it&#8217;s hard to find anything positive about it.OK. The HD picture looks good, with rich, saturated colors. Set in the world of high-end theater, the camera conveys a sense of opulence and detail from behind-stage dressing rooms and catwalks, to on-stage grandeur. Sound is also first-rate &#8211; as it should be where the story is also carried by its score. Dialogue is clear and music and effects immersive as we follow the action around the theater.But the original score by Victor Reyes is one of the film&#8217;s failings. Mancini, who scored many Hitchcock films, was a master at drawing viewers into the story. The primo number in &#8220;Grand Piano&#8221; is modern classical &#8211; a particular taste &#8211; full of discords and percussion. The rest is so similar to other &#8220;thriller&#8221; scores as to be forgettable. At one point, the conductor (Don McManus) talks about Bach. We could've used some Bach &#8211; Tchaikovsky, Beethoven, Mozart &#8211; anything more accessible to get us into the world of classical performance. Also, we could have used some cue to understand that master pianist Tom Selznick, played by Elijah Wood, actually loves his craft and is as good as purported.But we don&#8217;t and that&#8217;s the biggest problem with &#8220;Grand Piano&#8221;; we aren&#8217;t allowed to care about the characters. Selznick is returning to the stage after a five year absence. Stage fright drove him off after he froze during a performance of &#8220;The Unplayable Piece,&#8221; La Cinquette, written by his mentor. Now, at the insistence of his movie star wife, Emma (Kerry Bish&eacute;), Selznick is back in Chicago, playing to a sold-out crowd on the same stage he ran from years earlier. He&#8217;s also playing on the grand piano, specially designed by his recently deceased tutor.All we get from Wood is varying levels of fear and anxiety &#8211; which are heightened when, as Selznick performs, he is contacted by a sniper (Cusack) who threatens to kill him and his wife if he doesn't play every note perfectly. Naturally, the killer insists Selznick play La Cinquette.The Blu-ray provides nine extras that explore how &#8220;Grand Piano&#8221; was conceived and made, as well as the hopes and inspiration of Spanish director Eugenio Mira and Wood. In separate interviews, they cite the influences of thrillers past, especially Hitchcock and De Palma. And much of the movie&#8217;s visuals reference theater drama as seen in many Hitchcock films, such as &#8220;The Man Who Knew Too Much,&#8221; (1956), starring James Stewart and Doris Day, whose singing is heard over &#8220;Grand Piano&#8217;s&#8221; end credits.Among the bonus extras, &#8220;AXS TV: A Look at &#8216;Grand Piano,&#8217;&#8221; a near-thee minute PR piece, covers the highlights of making the film. That it&#8217;s less painful to watch than the others makes it the best. The making-of gives us 20 minutes of dashed hopes. Additional featurettes &#8211; &#8220;Interviews&#8221;; &#8220;Soundtrack&#8221; with Mira and Reyes; &#8220;Coaches&#8221; about how Wood and McManus were taught to look like classical professionals; &#8220;Following Eugenio&#8221;; &#8220;Stunts&#8221; and &#8220;Visual Effects&#8221; &#8211; offer added information, much of it in Spanish with English subtitles.  &#8212; Kay Reynolds
I wish I could give this a 3 1/2 star rating, because it's not quite a four, but deserves more than a three. I do enjoy post-apocalyptic shows, but I tend to be a bit picky. The show grabbed my attention, but there were some things that annoyed me: the cliche Irishman with his constant use of the f-bomb, the tacky prostitute who dons her birthday suit in the middle of, what might be, an end-of-the-world scenario, (the world might be coming to an end, and she wants to go swimming? And naturally the cliche Irishman wants to take advantage,) and then you have the gay clown. (why make him a clown? Couldn't you come up with something a little better? Why a clown? Too Fizbo.) It's such a cliche cast of characters. But that aside, I couldn't stop watching. I wanted this to be great! And even though it didn't exactly meet my expectations, it was still good. The creature at the end was a little over-the-top and tacky, but I must admit, I want to know why it had some of the same tattoos as the cast of characters. I would definitely watch a few more episodes. I'm not entirely convinced yet, but I'm willing to give it another try... or two.
Not really what I expected.  Kind of plodding and predictable.  The acting seemed very scripted and wooden.  I wanted to be drawn in more to the plot however it played into the stereotypical unhappy wife, boring husband, glamorous boyfriend with secretive controlling abuse issues and fearful ex-girlfriend.  More like a Lifetime movie for me.
It's been a full two decades since Meg Ryan emerged from a series of background girlfriend roles to become America's Sweetheart in 1989'sWhen Harry Met Sally..., but in this strangely conceived 2009 comedy, she still has that undeniable twinkle in spite of all the age-defying cosmetic alterations to her face. The screenplay is the last work of the late actress Adrienne Shelly, who wrote, directed, and co-starred in 2007's agreeably idiosyncraticWaitress, and what they have in common is her supple dexterity in balancing the off-kilter elements of her stories into something deeper. This time, she takes a darker, less whimsical path in exposing the insidious nature of a marriage that has dissipated from a lack of communication. Her "Waitress" co-star Cheryl Hines (Curb Your Enthusiasm) takes the helm in her directorial debut, and her lack of experience may attribute to the fact that it feels more like a filmed stage play despite Nancy Schreiber's expert cinematography.The brief story focuses on married couple, Louise and Ian, on a day when they unexpectedly cross paths at their bucolic vacation home. A high-powered fortyish attorney, she comes home to find her house showered romantically with rose petals and Ian writing a Dear Jane letter to her. He has decided after thirteen years of marriage that he wants a divorce, so he can rendezvous with his 24-year-old girlfriend Sarah in Paris. Unwilling to accept that her marriage has gone kaput, Louise inadvertently knocks him out with a flower pot and takes advantage of his unconsciousness in order to duct tape him to a chair until he relents. This is the beginning of a roundelay in which they spar about the merits of their marriage. Ian spends most of the 84-minute running time stuck on the toilet as he faces one humiliation after another. Even though Louise exhibits vaguely sociopathic behavior, she does not represent the only threat  to Ian.There is a nasty twist to the story in the form of an interloper that turns their vituperative cat-and-mouse game into a game of survival. The open ending doesn't quite satisfy, although the implications that it raises lends texture to what has gone on before. Ryan acquits herself well as Louise, and although it's not remarkable work, it shows that the actress could thrive into middle-age with her fizzy spirit intact. She manages to give heart to the tenacious hold her character has on her flailing marriage. In a welcome big-screen return as Ian, Timothy Hutton does what he can under a lot of duct tape in a mostly passive role with moments of vented exasperation, while Kristin Bell (Forgetting Sarah Marshall) shows surprising grit as Sarah, especially toward the end when the women grapple on the bathroom floor. Justin Long provides a menacing edge to the smallish role of the lawn-mowing low-life. More than Hines' workmanlike direction, Shelly's somewhat uneven screenplay offers enough dark elements to make the contrived set-up worth accepting for the sake of the unfolding story she wanted to tell.
Just an awful, AWFUL boring disappointment of a movie.  I was expecting a film expert(s) insights on what the movie meant, on-screen interviews and a real dissection of what the movie meant and the hidden meanings of things and what went in to it by people who really know what they are talking about. Instead I got scenes from other Kubrick films, played against random voiceovers of people who sound like they were nerds sitting in their barcaloungers in their parents' basement talking about how much the movie meant to them.  A huge, HUGE letdown pile of nonsense.  Real disappointment.
&#34;Zero Charisma&#34; was a crowdsourced film, presumably by geeks who long to see a role-playing game true to the spirit of gamers everywhere. The good news is that &#8220;Zero Charisma&#8221; gets a lot of things right.  The bad news is it gets so many things right that there are several plot threads that are never really resolved that make for an unsatisfying ending.Scott Weidemeyer (Sam Eidson) is the old school game master everyone loves to hate.  If you've ever played Dungeons & Dragons, you know him well: the DM who house rules everything, argues on message boards, gets thrown out of hobby stores, and rules over his players with an iron fist. Scott's not particularly lucky with the ladies, but he&#8217;s got a place to game (his grandmother&#8217;s house) and he&#8217;s not afraid to use it.The players around the table are all gaming archetypes: the hopeless nerd, the aspiring creative types, the guy with a family who is constantly battling with his spouse over his game time. When that player realizes that it&#8217;s the game or his spouse, he gives up the game.  Worse, Scott's mom has returned and has plans to take over his grandmother&#8217;s house and move her into a home. Scott's sweet gaming pad is about to disappear. Reality, in essence, comes crashing into the long-standing fantasy world Scott has so meticulously created.Thus begins a quest to find a new player.  This is no easy feat, and there are plenty of opportunities to sneer at younger generations of players who came to D&D; fantasy tropes by way of World of Warcraft.  In the end, it&#8217;s a different archetype that finds his way into the gaming group: the hipster douche in the form of Miles (Garrett Graham).This new breed of gamer has a successful career in a creative field, runs a popular blog, has a hot girlfriend, and treats D&D; like a fun past time the same way other people treat a card game.  He doesn&#8217;t take it too seriously.Mile's acceptance in the group soon overshadows Scott, who inevitably finds himself compared to someone with much higher Charisma&#8230;and failing the opposed roll.  Miles is everything Scott is not, and it&#8217;s not long before this rift comes to a head that involves a Gary Gygax stand-in, a philosophical argument over the purpose of playing role-playing games, and a lot of heavy metal.The problem with &#8220;Zero Charisma&#8221; is that because of how it was edited, it shambles unevenly along. Considerable attention is paid to glances from Mile's girlfriend, who at one point appears to be flirting with our anti-hero. This plot point goes nowhere, despite the camera frequently zooming in on her expressions.  There's also a lot of emphasis on people filming the climactic battle between Miles and Scott that again, goes nowhere.The climax, which takes place at Miles' party, is meant to reveal the true douchery by showing that while Miles is happy to game with the nerds, he doesn&#8217;t really consider them friends.  This isn&#8217;t really so much said as implied, as not all the other players are invited to the party.  It begs the question though: so what? Is it really that big a deal if Miles doesn&#8217;t invite people to hang out socially? Additionally, the rest of the players never find out they weren&#8217;t invited.  What should be a climactic emotional showdown becomes something of a slap fight.Like the film &#8220;Napoleon Dynamite,&#8221; &#8220;Zero Charisma&#8221; asks what kind of happy ending can there possibly be for the mistfits of the world.  Unlike that film, &#8220;Zero Charisma&#8221; has an answer and it&#8217;s not particularly satisfying. Instead of growing as a person, Miles keeps the game the same and just changes out the players.&#8220;Zero Charisma&#8221; is a fun film for gamers, but it could be so much more. In the end our hero only raises his Charisma a point or two.
This series had promise, but the story is very weak. Feels like &#34;Terra Nova&#34; all over again. Okay, it is a little better than &#34;Terra Nova&#34;, but not much.
This could be a really good show but it's too Hollywood with loud music, zip by photography and they drag everything out.  I stopped watching it after a few shows.
Have enjoyed the show up until season 3, and would have mostly likely continued viewing enjoyment but the series is unlocatable on my Amazon video.
I like this show but it is few and far between with the unexpected plot twists.  Some of the plot lines are being stretched out to long and others receive too little attention.  Biggles is a great character but  receives almost no time on the screen.
This is a very interesting show,  But please remember that this show is done in the spirit as if Mermaids were real.  The have a very short disclaimer that non if the supposed never seen before footage is not real,,, I repeat NOT REAL.  Nor is the sequel.  But taken that in consideration this is a very enjoyable show to watch
Aimee and Steph are up for an adventure; its a hot Summer's night and they are fueled by cheap alcohol and teen hormones.The promise of cool water lures the 2 girls to an isolated fire-water tank. Once there, the intimate mood of the tank takes a dramatic turn, forcing Aimee to make a decision that she will question for the rest of her life
The second episode told me I had wasted my time watching the first episode.  For fiction, to watch all these shows with no idea of how or why there is this dome and the implications was too much for me to continue watching.  These kind of shows are a cheap version of science fiction in which they can use some set of some farm somewhere without any special effects or imagination of any kind.  A cheap version of a good sci-fi movie.
As prompted, &#34;it's okay&#34; but I strongly suspect Season 1 will be enough for me.
If you want to watch a good show about the political scene in Wasington D.C. watch house of cards. This show is just a rip off House of cards on Netfix.  I'll keep watching house of cards this show was not worth watching
The show has some interesting moments but the characters really don't inspire interest and the plot line didn't really engage my interest in a compelling way.
Not bad. The bearded guy is a joke. I'm pretty sure they only put in the nudity for an attention grab. It didn't do anything to help the story. Sounded like the story was still evolving as well as they characters so we'll see...
If you've only read James Ellroy's crime novels, you've been missing out on the eccentric persona behind the pages. Perhaps a little Ellroy will go a long way--he's a bit of a love it or hate it proposition. Having been a successful writer for thirty years, he has a fascination with the dark side and his obsession invariably led to "L. A.: City of Demons"--an original documentary series for the Investigation Discovery network (admit it, you spend hours perusing ID). Ellroy has an inherent fascination with the underbelly of Los Angeles which began with the brutal slaying of his mother and is showcased in some of his most noteworthy books (Black Dahlia, L. A. Confidential). With his larger-than-life personality in full affect and his offbeat verbal stylings in unique form, Ellroy actually kicks off this six episode production with a feature that includes his mother's murder.His potboiler style, nihilism, and noir conventions actually align fairly well with the stories he wishes to share in this series. This probably won't be used as promotional material by the Los Angeles Department of Tourism any time soon.(1) Dead Women Own Me: Ellroy explores cases that have had a real impact on his life and psyche including the aforementioned Black Dahlia and his mother's case.(2) The Scandal Rags: Explores the pulp publications that made notoriety with high profile stories such as the Lana Turner scandal.(3) L. A. Serial Killers: Seems self-explanatory.(4) Dames and Delinquents: Exposes notorious cases that involve organized crime including the murder of a famed mob princess.(5) The Dark Side of Hollywood: A look at celebrity culture.(6) Hot Spot Homicide: A profile on notorious bars, clubs and prohibition era speakeasies.My three star recommendation is an overly cautious warning to viewers that are new to the James Ellroy experience. I could spend hours, personally, with this oddball character. The beauty of Ellroy is that he's his own biggest fan, an unapologetic egotist who fervently believes he is the world's greatest living crime novelist. He may well be--but his unabashed self-idolatry and aggrandizement may be off-putting to those who aren't used to it. In addition to Ellroy, the series really ups the odd quotient with the participation of an animated bull terrier named Barko. Did I just throw you off? Trust me, it is as weird as it sounds. Most of the series and the exchanges with Barko, in particular, seem to exist solely in Ellroy's head. By placing himself front and center (he doesn't share screen time with other real people), Ellroy puts the primary focus on himself. And while I love it, it also pushes the actual show content to a position of less importance. Therefore, I think fans will love it--but I'm not sure if it will be winning new devotees to the cult of Ellroy's greatness. Hence, my neutral rating is largely for the uninitiated. KGHarris, 7/11.
I watched this and thought it would be funny, but most of the recycled jokes and lack of any truly funny moments made it boring.
Like other bad habits, I watch this weekly and while it is not good for you, it is fun to watch.
If you are desperate for a good end of the world movie, you're out of luck with this one. It's not even close. Oh, the producers tried...they tried very hard to give us everything. Every cliche, every stereotype, even every scene from every other TEOTWAWKI movie.Let's see. Band of hardy survivors. Yep. Wrongfully convicted yet innocent black man who we know will be the heroic leader? Got it. Sexy woman who wields a gun the size of a lacrosse bat and says "Ah em trenned an' deddly" in what might be a French accent? You bet.  Hooker with a heart of gold? Present and accounted for. Rich and spoiled society dame?  Drunken Irishman? Check and check. Gay guy in a clown suit? Okay, that was a new one one me. You don't see many of those. Probably struck the writers as quirky. We also have a lady policeman who is an imbecile and a lawyer who is there to take up space. Think Maryanne or Mrs. Howell on Gilligan's Island. They did slip up a bit with the characters. The Irish guy is the villain, and like all lousy tv show villains, he has no qualities other than being mean.  Sorry, but this is not in the stereotype playbook. A cliche Irishmen should be happy, with a twinkle in his eye, talkin' o' the leprechauns and the auld pub back in Galaway. It's the lawyer who's supposed to be the jerk.The adventure begins with our little troop getting stuck on an elevator. Almost 15 seconds elapse before they all panic, faint, go into semi-comas, and fight among themselves. Another a grueling moment goes by before they manage to open the doors and escape. This is where things go downhill. For them and for us. Mostly us. Now they are trapped on the building's parking level. Oy, already. The horror. The mesh security gate is shut and there they are starving and thirsty (yeah, it's been fifteen minutes, but back off), succumbing to mysterious illnesses and being attacked for no apparent reason by armed escaped convicts. And despite all this drama, the mesh fence shows no sympathy and stays shut.  They slap it with their hands. They shake it. It doesn't budge.  Hello, this is a parking a garage. Cars? Jacks? Tire Irons?  Fortunately for them, the handsome wrongly-convicted convict shows his leader credentials early, escapes, comes back like the hero he is, and saves them and now they're free. So what do they do? Get in their cars and go home like normal people.  Don't be silly. They all pile into a vacant ambulance and head toward the Rich Lady's house.Several adventures ensue. We get to see mob scenes that are comfortably familiar to anyone who has seen 'Walking Dead,' any remake of 'War of the Worlds,' or one of those Aliens Have Landed and They are Ugly and Have Issues epics. People run this way and that way, stuff explodes for no reason people push, shove, and trample one another, kids cry out for mommy. Helicopters randomly crash into one another. There are no phones, no power. Gangs are on the prowl. And just when you think our Survivors have seen the worst,gone through every syllable of recycled B-movie dialogue and every bad script retread, they go and spring The Big One us.  This is not just some Grid is Down/Bomb Has Fallen/Martians Are Eating Bakersfield adventure. It's multifaceted and complex. Boy howdy.  Get this. The survivors discover they all have the same birthday. What a twist! Why, this could be a discarded moment from "Lost."And then, without even hardly giving us time to recover from that shockeroo...we get The Monster. One smooth glide from "Lost" to "Lost in Space." It's not much of a monster. just a skinny guy with gray body paint and bulging red eyeballs. A sort of unwrapped mummy who didn't get much sleep. But don't snicker. He's scarier than the hairy rocks that used to chase Will Robinson and the Robot. But not much. And The Monster does manage to do an upside down backwards scuttle on all fours that has only been used only in about five or six movies since we first saw it in the Director's Cut of 'The Exorcist' about a decade or so ago. Anyway, that's how it ends. We are left wondering if this is a monster? Demon? Creature from the Planet 9 without his gorilla suit?  Or just a naked guy with dry skin and a hangover. Incidentally, although he appears to be nekkid as a mutant jaybird, he's pretty much Ken doll if you know what I mean.I wish the pilot was better. I wish we had a great new show awaiting us. This one isn't in the ballpark.  I'm giving it three stars because there is no sick little girl who needs special medicine and no lovable little puppy in imminent danger.  That shows the writers had some restraint. Unless they just forgot or are waiting until the season finale to spring them on us.
Of course, one may criticize Amazon for so baldly imitating "House of Cards" from That Other Streaming Web Service, but such metacriticism doesn't really do justice to what they're actually doing here.  Which, for the most part, is a pretty amusing show for political junkies.  If you're not one of those, your mileage may vary.As the title indicates, "Alpha House" is about 4 Senators (all Republican) living in a rented house near the Capitol.  John Goodman plays a Senator from North Carolina who thinks he's going to coast to reelection until he hears that the basketball coach at Duke is going to challenge him in a primary.  His Senatorial roommates have their various problems too, most particularly a nebbishy guy who has to prove that he's manly enough to take on a gun-cradling primary challenger of his own.  The set-up is that they're all going to have to take a much-dreaded trip to Kabul for photo-ops with the troops.Garry Trudeau is surprisingly gentle on our politically conservative heroes, making a little gentle fun of GOP priorities ("Council for Normal Marriage", for example).  Aaron Sorkin could take lessons from Trudeau on how to be less strident when depicting people and issues with whom you don't agree.It's hard to give this more than 3 stars, since the pilot is only 22 minutes.  It's a little worrisome that Trudeau couldn't fill at least 50 minutes -- 22 may not be enough to get people wanting more, although this page has over 3,000 reviews (well, the viewing is free).  Amazon may have to try a little harder than this to keep up with their online entertainment competitor.  We shall see.
Why is it that no comedy show can go a half an hour with out making fun of Jesus or Christians? American Dad started out great but now it seems they will take the road most traveled. All jokes revolve around Christians. This episode was no different. It started out really funny and I almost said "see you do not need to bash Christians, but I interrupted by the show bashing on Christians. I have quit watching Family Guy and The Simpsons because of this. The only shows that I really like to watch any more on FOX was Futurama and it was canceled and then there was King of the Hill and it is being canceled. Oh well, after I stop watching American Dad I will stop watching FOX altogether. Which is not such a bad thing? Almost all shows on FOX are garbage anyways.
Al Pacino goes to heroic lengths to add some stature to this mess, but even he cannot lift it off the ground.  The supernatural slash hallucinatory scenes would normally add a lot of snap crackle pop to most films.  But here they just seem gimmicky and tacked on.  It presents the mid 1980's in a cliche revisionist way.  This is audience manipulation of the worst kind.
Entertaining, decent cast and not super cheesy.  Some nice bunnies in there too... Worth a watch. Better with some wine!
Note: I have seen every episode of this show in HD via XFinity On Demand.WARNING: CONTAINS MAJOR SPOILERS!!!After a fantastic debut season, minus the disgusting and unneccessary gay romances, could SMASH maintain the momentum and story for season II? Well, it's no fault of the actors and writers. They certainly tried their hardest, and for the most part, it worked very well. The episodes were finely structured, and the characters more than two-dimensioned. Some traits, however, came completely out of left field and were entirely unneccessary, both from a creative and dramatic standpoint. Example: It was so never hinted at that Kyle was gay until he's seen kissing a guy in a bar, who shortly thereafter breaks up with him because he sodomised another man, and the scenes of guys kissing each other, and being in bed next to each other were totally unneccessary, as they added NOTHING to the plot, and above all, they're immoral, both socially, and Biblically. The Bible saith, "Thou shalt not lie with a man as one lieth with a woman; it is abomination." The show could have succeeded without that garbage in it. However, that is the only fly in the ointment of what was otherwise a spectacular television series. Kyle was a sympathetic character, and I think he & Karen would have been a perfect couple, had things not worked out with Derek & Karen.I was very disappointed with how the show ended things, in terms of relationships. Karen & Derek should have ended up together, Jimmy should have died, along with Sam (good idea to excise him for a number of episodes; shame that it wasn't permanent, though). Tom also should have gotten a girlfriend, and stayed with her. The drama with Daisy should have been explored more (I would loved to have seen the coup the dancers did against her, and the confrontation between her and Jerry when Derek tells her that there's been a change of plan. Season I had a lot of great songs. Season II, though, not so much. The quality of the storylines were still strong, minus the gay b.s., but the overall quality of good songs just seemed to drop drastically, though there were some good ones. So, in regard to the male/male gay stuff aspect of the show, SAYONARA, PIGS!!! Good luck finding another mudhole. Katharine McPhee, Jack Davenport, Debra Messing and Anjelica Huston were really good in this show, and Ms. McPhee has a big future ahead of her.Rated TV-14 (gay people kissing & in bed, moderate profanity).
After seeing the pilot I was hopeful for an exciting and enjoyable season. The premise made sense and the acting was great (especially James Spader  and Megan Boone). That said, I was greatly disappointed by Episode 2, which crammed a complex story into a short running time and did not offer meaningful character development. What a waste! I hope subsequent episodes are better.
SPOILER:  Finally the overworked Pond companion is finally written off.  Steven Moffit again wrote another bad story, but it does not matter because the most irritating and annoying of companions ever conceived for Doctor Who is gone.  He at least was able to do that, but again in a very predictable way.  I hope the new British female model they hired as the next companion can actually bring some talent and creative interest to a sadly fading storyline, which gets worse each episode, starting from the beginning of last season.As I stated in my first review of this season, (just after the first episode) the Doctor Who saga is in desperate need of an injection of unpredictable story lines and crafty inventiveness, which Doctor Who used to be infamous for. The writer for the past few seasons refuses to bring anything fresh... this of course means no new creatures, new planets and worlds to a 50 year running saga, which is my favorite SI-FI of all time.  I do appreciate that the BBC keeps on releasing older episodes, from last century, back again in DVD and remastered. For those of you who only got into Doctor who since 2005, you would do well for yourself in investing time into the previous adventures since they truly mirror the genius behind the reason why the legend of the Doctor has lasted so long on television, and not just in England, but everywhere around the world.It is just so disparaging that the worst writer ever of this show, is getting cart blanche in making all of the new episodes (not fresh, just new) and dragging the franchise down with his predictable, repetitive and boring style of writing, which disgraces the great name of the series.  Instead of another female British model as a companion I really wish they could bring about a real person we all can identify with, like a Donna Noble, who (in my opinion) should have been kept on as long as boring Amy Pond did during her OVERLY long run on the show.  It would, at the very least, have been more fun and more entertaining, because for one thing, she can believably act.Anyway, cross your fingers and hope with me that the rest of the season and seasons (hopefully to come) will improve now that there has been a cast change.Thanks for reading my review.
Set in dreary Indie symbolic winter, &#34;Motel Life&#34; is a story of despair and unconditional love Frank (Emile Hirsch) has for his brother Jerry Lee (Stephen Dorff). After Jerry Lee accidentally kills a kid on a bicycle, Frank abets him in disposing of the evidence and moving on. The brothers and everyone they touch have lives of despair which are brightened by Frank's story telling.When the film wasn't slow and boring, it was filled with despair. It was certainly well acted and well scripted, for what it was. However on the entertainment scale, it was one I could have missed; a good movie I didn't like.The film won the audience award at the 2012 Rome Screen Fest as well as best screenplay among 17 films.Parental Guidance: F-bomb, sex, nudity- much of it was cartoon.
My guess is TLC thought they hit the Redneck jackpot with this family and planned to exploit them for fun and profit.  They've got extreme couponing, the Redneck games, the teenage, unmarried pregnancy, obesity, toddler pageants, roadkill bbq, and a couple other negative American stereotypes thrown in for fun.  They're probably kicking themselves that they couldn't manage hoarding. (I mean TLC is more carnival side-show than learning channel anymore).  I think it backfired on them when the family didn't turn out to be a bunch of fist fighting, bitter and angry Rednecks on food stamps who were paranoid over the government. Instead they got a family that loved and supported each other.While I think the entire pageant system is a huge scam and detrimental to the self-esteem of young girls (and boys), Alana seems to think they're fun. Her family has a much healthier attitude towards her participation than most pageant parents as in, it's great if she wins but they don't punish her if she loses.  I do think they'd be better served if they directed her energy elsewhere.I'm just glad they got rid of Glitzy the pig. THAT was annoying.
Even though the first episode was written by Stephen King, the show kinda got very dorky, very fast.  The way that the writers got the hero out of his predicament (with Junior ready to pull the lever on the hanging) was wack-ola.  And then nobody could kill Big Jim, with all his snarling and threats? And then, the heroine jumps into the lake to save a young girl, but has a still bleeding bullet wound that she just regained consciousness from?  Eek, this is one nutball plot.  Acting seems a bit better, but its just so incredibly DUMB.Never fear,  I'll watch it anyway for laughs on Amazon Prime; at least I don't have to endure the commercials.
ONE GREAT THING IS THAT THIS IS NOT A &#34;FOUND FOOTAGE&#34; MOVIE!Filmed with grayscale effect and at some scenes it will go into full colour. Yes, it will go into full colour especially on those scenes that has upper body nudity. In terms of demon characteristics of the characters, I find it weird how a succubus is portrayed in the film. Succubus does not make a dead person comes alive!Exorcism does not work as it is portrayed in the movie. Demons don't die. It can only be banished. And you have to make the demon tell you its name to banish it.The following are what I found good in the movie:-Audio overlay throughout the movie-Yay! Not one of those handheld camera movies :DThe following are what I found to be no good in the movie:-How the story escalated-Lack of research regarding demons and spirits-Sexual scenes are the &#34;honey trap&#34; of the movie; you don't need those scenes in a good horror movie!-Please stick to one video format; either grayscale or colour but not both!
I did not enjoy the music in this one as much, it took them till about halfway through the season to get to the good music, and it definitely seemed scattered having everyone all over the place. Also, the preachiness came through a lot thicker in this season.
I watch this show for Nathan Fillon cause I really don't care that much for Beckett.  I love the relationship Castle has with his daughter and mother.
I watched one episode and that was enough.  I wasn't watching this show to become smarter or to learn anything, just thought I would check it out and maybe be entertained a little.  After watching this show I was saddened that teenagers could be watching this and maybe think that some of this stuff was a good idea.  I know I only saw one episode, but it was the exact opposite of what I would teach any young kid how to live their life.  Once again I know that this show was made for entertainment only, but it lacked in entertainment and wasn't worth watching another episode.
You know how The Wire: The Complete Series starts out slow but in the end everything comes together and you realize that you've watched the greatest show on television? This is the opposite case. Call it theTrue Blood: The Complete First Season (HBO Series)effect. Every episode is exciting and drives the show forward. Every episode has something cool that keeps you watching to the next one. And the title sequence? VERY cool.Yet when it's over, you'll feel like you've just wasted 13 hours. It's not so much that the whole thing falls apart at the end due to the stupid denouement of the major mystery (although the answer as to why Rose Byrne comes into a police station all bloody with a dead boyfriend in her bathtub is very stupid) but also because once it's over all of the missteps in the piece become glaringly obvious. When you are watching it, you just enjoy Glen Close and Ted Danson at their crazy manipulative best. Glen Close is in pure bunny-boiling evil form (and she does kill the dog) and Ted Danson is like a version of Sam gone to pot without conscience. The games that these two (and Danson's lawyer) play to one up each other are particularly amusing and convoluted.Sadly, once it's over the plot holes become way too obvious. A simple malfeasance case is probably too dull to sustain an entire show, but in one episode, Glen Close manipulates one of her own witnesses to lie in deposition in order to ruin her case and make the Danson camp think that they are winning. In another episode Close kills a dog which I believe might be problematic even for lawyers. And Ted Danson openly talking to one of the people suing him in order to manipulate the lawsuit is just dumb all around. And if we enjoy watching Glen Close be evil, why do the writers think that we need to see her crying like at the end ofDangerous LiaisonsBut really, the entire thing falls on Rose Byrne's tiny shoulders and Rose Byrne is just not up to the task. Yes, she's supposed to be a naive lawyer just out of law school but most of the time she comes off as utterly stupid. When her assistant ruins all of her appointments and messes up her day, she has to wait the entire episode to fire him. And it's supposed to be some kind of fall from grace when she's no longer a nice person. Partially it's the problem of the scripts. She is supposed to be naive, but most of the time the scripts make her act like an utter idiot. But mostly, it's Rose Byrne's fault. When Glen Close is telling her that she admires her because she is very shrewd, well there's nothing all that shrewd about her. Even though, it's obvious that she's been hired in order to get to a witness, there's nothing about her acting that suggests that she's anything other than a vacant and pretty face to be manipulated. This is Mary Sue characterization at it's worse. She has nothing to offer, yet everyone claims that she offers the world. And if this is a woman who comes from hardscrabble circumstances who clawed her way to the top of her law school class and can turn down a 130K starting salary, we SHOULD believe that she's actually intelligent and shrewd and just as much of a force of nature as Glen Close. She SHOULD be Glen Close's chaacter in process.Instead she's just dumb. Sure, it's fun watching Glen Close push her around and play with her like a tiger playing with a bunny rabbit; but if the script is telling us that she's this amazing lawyer learning how to be a manipulative powerhouse, then that potential should be obvious. Yet it's not. And that's why overall, this thing fails.I'd recommend buying it if you watched a few episodes and liked it, but be prepared to be disappointed. Fortunately it's TV, not HBO so it's reasonably priced.
I wonder what people who actually live in Oxford think of all the murderous activity associated with that locale in British detective mysteries? Oxford would have to rank right up there with St. Mary Mead and Midsomer as being among the most dangerous places to live in all of England.Once again murderous forces are at work in Oxford but this time seems to focus on mathematics and mathematicians. The story is well crafted and held my attention all the way through. The acting is good and involves the viewer in the activities and emotions of the characters although it was not easy to identify with any of them. The major roles are well done with Elijah Wood as the graduate student, John Hurt as the famous professor, Leonor Watling as the significant female interest, Julie Cox as the frustrated female interest, and Jim Carter as the determined police inspector.The scenery and settings do a great job of enhancing the mood of the movie and all work together to create an entertaining evening's viewing. There is some partial nudity and bedroom activity which limits it to adult audiences. This one is not for children. All told it is a well done British mystery.
Theatrical review.  There may be spoilers.Scott Waugh brings the successful video game to the big screen.  I expect the film be in the running for worst film of the year.  I was lured in to see some cool cars (especially the Shelby Mustang), some cool driving sequences and wasn't expecting much else.  There was one surprise.  A pretty good soundtrack which for me was highlighted by Jamie Common's version of Dylan's "All Along The Watchtower."  So I was satisfied with my reason for going.  But still, I love movies and was expecting something more than this claptrap.The so called plot consists of garage owner, Tobey Marshall (Aaron Paul) a wannabe race car driver agreeing to spruce up a Mustang owned by his high school nemesis, Dino Brewster (Dominic Cooper).  Dino has gotten hands on the Mustang being developed by Ford and Carroll Shelby that wasn't finished after Shelby died.  Once Tobey and his misfits of a crew fix up the car, they would get a quarter of the sales price, expected to be in the neighborhood of $3 million.In a just-for-fun match race between Tobey, Dino and a close friend (Harrison Gilbertson) of Tobey's who also happens to be Dino's girlfriend's younger brother and she happens to be the former girlfriend (Dakota Johnson) of Tobey's.  Well, high speeds on city streets can be dangerous and you guessed it, something bad happens. This all leads to an eventual big-balls-takes-all-shootout in northern California and Tobey and his now sold Mustang's new owner's associate Julia (Imogen Poots), now must cross country to get to the big 6 car race where the winner gets all the cars.This story is so full of holes it's just absurd.  About every 5 minutes something really dumb happens.  Here's an example.  Since Tobey is behind schedule, he decides to gas up while on the fly.  His compatriots are always nearby in a truck that somehow manages to keep up with the 230 mph Mustang.  So this little bit of putting gas in the tank while flying down the freeway, is followed a few scenes later with them stopping to get gas and allow Julie to change clothes or something.If you must, see it for the cars...and there are some beauties including a Bugatti, GTA Spano, Lamborghini Gallardo, Mercedes-Benz McLaren, McLaren P1, etc. and some great stunt driving.
In my review of season one I had written that I felt this was an odd interpretation of the Thomas Harris characters. Season two though has taken it to an all new level. This supposedly was a prequel to events in the book and movie Red Dragon. Yet in this season they are killing off characters that play pivotal roles in both RD and SOTL. So how exactly does that work ?What the writers have done to the Will Graham character here makes the events that occur in Red Dragon impossible. A case of "you cannot get there from here". As a stand alone series this can be interesting. Any link to the stories of the author Thomas Harris have been tossed to the wayside.
"Nothing changes unless you make it change." After 20 years in prison for killing his friend Foley (Jackson) is out and is determined to go straight. Less then a day after being released he runs into some old friends and discovers the old life isn't easy to escape from and the only way out is to go back in. I have to start by saying that I have never been a Samual L. Jackson fan. I liked him in "Pulp Fiction" but he plays that character in every movie that he has done (except "Resurrecting The Champ"). This movie is no different, although for some of it he is toned down and isn't screaming every line. The movie itself is really not original. Guy gets out of jail and wants to go legit...meets people he used to know...has to pull off one last job...yada yada yada. While the ending of the movie is really good and helps the movie getting to the end is a struggle. Some parts are good while others are pretty boring and tends to drag on. There are really interesting plot points that are brought up and forgot about which makes no sense. The movie isn't all bad though and if you are a Sam Jackson fan you will really enjoy this one. For me the last movie he did "Meeting Evil" was much better. Overall, not a bad movie but nothing to rush and see. I give it a C+.
wasnt a bad movie but not the one i thought it was. but i will watch it again i'm sure.
V/H/S 2 (or S-V/H/S) is the sequel to the horror anthology last year, and damn if it still isn't one of the most entertaining horror movies to come out in recent years. The structure is identical to the original where some people break into a house and find a bunch of VHS tapes, with some more mythology added on to the overarching story without explaining much. The shorts themselves are one-less then the last one. So how are the shorts overall? Well, none of them were really scary, instead they're more just fun and creepy at times. Also the tapes themselves are all basically average instead of the wild variety of quality from the original. So while there's no short on here as good as Amateur Night, there's none as boring/terrible as Second Honeymoon. Let's go over them, worst to best:Slumber Party Alien Abduction - While the kids were good at playing kids (and not dumb horror kids that quietly stare at the camera) and the set-up was fun, the actual alien payoff was overall disappointing. Maybe it's because grey aliens aren't automatically spooky for me but after the aliens are there the aftermath is run/hide/run/hide, and the camera simultaneously shows too much of the aliens while showing too little with the atmosphere. Could've been much better if the camera followed the kids up into the saucer or something. However the CPR scene was pretty damn creepy.A Ride in the Park - A guy with a camera on his helmet goes for a bike ride and runs into the living dead or something. The zombies were pretty well designed and it had an interesting twist on the genre by showing a first person perspective of a zombie. Also like Slumber Party Alien Abduction, there could've been more. Instead the short ends after the zombie gets a call from his girlfriend and kills himself, or something cheesy like that. However one thing that caught me by surprise was that this segment was pretty funny at times, and I don't think it took itself too seriously with some of the stuff.Phase 1 Clinical Trials - Basically the Sixth Sense on camera. A guy gets an experimental eye-camera put in his head where he can see dead people around his house. The premise was pretty creepy and some of the designs were unsettling, I liked this one more than the other two since it was pretty spooky in parts. The main actor had some pretty funny reactions to the stuff going on and the girl had an interesting yet impractical method of avoiding the ghosts.Safe Haven - The craziest of the segments by far, similar to the orignal's 10/31/98 where insane stuff happens on camera. In this one a crew of cameramen go to a cult in Indonesia where the leader promises the usual shangri-la stuff. The cameramen are pretty weirded out and try to extort some dirty secrets about the place, until the time comes for the cult to claim absolution. When that happens the entire compound turns into a suicide-cult, and that might be a weird enough place to end the segment, but the director goes above and beyond afterwards, where the aftermath is straight crazy. This segment has been a bit over-hyped by people but still, Safe Haven delivered on the goods.So all in all, V/H/S 2 was a consistent ride of average segments, none too terrible, and none really amazing. Maybe I've been spoiled by Amateur Night though and was going into this expecting more horror than anything, but for what it is, V/H/S 2 is still a hell of a fun time to watch.
Being the smartest person in the room doesn't always help. It truly hinders when trying to tell a story where you have to make things palatable for the masses trying to entertain while at the same time discussing topics that perhaps the majority of them have no interest in. This becomes the biggest problem with THE OXFORD MURDERS.The movie tells the story of Martin (Elijah Wood), a young man who desperately wants to study philosophy with the predominate author in the field, Arthur Seldom (John Hurt), now at Oxford. The problem is getting to even speak with Seldom let alone have him be mentor for your grad thesis.But Martin has an in by staying at the home of a woman named Mrs. Eagleton (Anna Massey) who once was friends with Seldom and her daughter Beth (Julie Cox). The love/hate relationship between the two makes Martin a tad uncomfortable but he gets by, listening to his landlady's stories and trying to know more about Seldom.At a conference where Seldom is discussing his views on philosophy, Martin raises a question which follows with Seldom putting him in his place. Afterwards both turn up at the residence of Mrs. Eagleton, Martin going home and Seldom to pay her a visit after receiving a note instructing him to go there. What they find is the landlady/friend murdered.Thus begins a teaming of the two as they attempt to use their own methods of discussing philosophy and the meaning of life to determine who the murderer is. Unfortunately for much of the movie the viewer sympathizes more with the chief detective on the case Inspector Peterson (Jim Carter) than they do the philosophical duo. Listening to their wordplay does little to clarify the situation but instead confused more issues that either do or do not connect with the case at hand.Along the way Martin falls for a young woman he meets on a squash court, Lorna (Leonor Watling). At first explaining his theories and computations to determine strategy for the game, the two meet for a weekly game but eventually become enamored of one another. It isn't until later that Martin discovers that Lorna was once involved with Seldom.Clues to the identity of the murderer continue to pop up, mostly in the form of notes that he leaves behind as he alters from a simple murder to a serial killer. Each note posts a figure that the discussions of philosophy used to determine what the next symbol will be which in turn will lead them to who is doing the deeds and where he will strike next. The problem is that we're watching as two great minds discuss what would apparently be simple things they would understand in an attempt to explain things to us but at the same time explaining things that most of us won't get.So does that make this a bad movie? Not really. To begin with it is extremely well made with fantastic cinematography and acting that truly makes each and every character believable. And the base story itself, the murder that does indeed get solved by the end of the film is one that uses plot twists and skullduggery to make those seeking the truth go this way and that trying to follow each clue. Even the discussions of philosophy can become interesting at times, though they feel out of place when the whole idea of catching a serial killer is in question.Perhaps the movie tries too much, combining these two elements (murder mystery and philosophy) to little effect for either one. A film like MY DINNER WITH ANDRE showed that two people sitting and having a discussion over dinner could make for entertainment. Here it just feels like we have to emotionally detached loners more interested in impressing one another than in actually discovering whodunit.Its not that this movie doesn't entertain at all, but it makes the viewer work far more than one would expect for a murder mystery and not in the form of solving the murder. Instead it makes you consider the thoughts and theories being discussed around the murder and then try to apply them to solving the case much as the pair attempt. At most it is enlightening, at worst a muddled mess.Is it worth a rental? I'd have to say yes. It might not be one to add to your collection though. Perhaps the best things is seeing a murder mystery that relies little on gore and bloodshed and more on trying to locate the killer. That's a rare commodity these days and should be encouraged as something nice to see in the genre these days.
I really liked SG-1 and I liked Atlantis even more.  And after watching Atlantis for the second time I decided to go ahead and try to watch universe.  I agree it is somewhat like BG although honestly I loved that series.  This is almost work to watch.  It complicated and annoying and dark.  BG was dark too but it moved right along.  Atlantis was exciting and fun and almost campy.  I could watch it while I did other things and still enjoy it.  SGU demands my attention and when I waste time just watching it it's not fun at all.  I'll try to keep going but if they don't get off that ship soon I'll have to quit.  I'm up to episode "Life" and so far overall the series sucks.  Half way through the season, there is no one moment of joy so far.  I'm going to skip to the last episode of season one and then hope season 2 is better.
Flashbacks and dream sequences take the place of a story this week. No one bothered to write a real script.
As a fan of Major League and sports in general, I thoroughly look forward to any sports tv shows, especially comedies.  However, the execution was lacking in this show.
weird...
The file is damaged or something, plays a few minute and then locks up.  How do we complain about this?
I had not been interested in seeing this movie,but watched it after  reading all of the positive reviews. I stayed with it,but basically cannot understand why people liked it to the degree that they did. Virginia Madsen and Morgan Freeman are obviously excellent actors but their lines seemed stilted to me and they did not seem to melt into their characters. The three girls who played the daughters did a very good job.It's a  "cute" movie that I would not recommend.
This cartoon is bad in so many ways.  The dialog is poorly written, the use of that stupid chimp noise drives me crazy, the stories are lazy.  Aunt May's house turns into a death trap.  It's not just insulting to older watchers but to young viewers.  Every week it is pretty much the same.  These guys are powerful and they spend 15 minutes getting beat up and then coming together as a team and winning in the end.  Boring.I need to stop watching this show.  It is a waste of money and time.
The past several years have witnessed multiple science fiction movies come out based on a great premise, with top notch special effects and acting to boot, but come up short due to the script.  I would classify this movie as one of these.  The premise is simple, a group of international astronauts are traveling on a spaceship to Europa, moon of Jupiter, to look for life under its frozen ice surface.  Over the course of the mission, both before and after finding life, they suffer various accidents and episodes of bad judgement that lead to their deaths.  The movie's plot of going to Europa to find life is intriguing and original.  The background of story as laid out in flashbacks in the movie are all quite plausible.  However, the movie fails by the very nature of all the accidents that plague the crew.  Everything from the ice cracking under the feet of our intrepid explorers, to hazardous chemicals spraying onto their space suits, it seems this mission was plagued from the start with one mishap or another.  And so the film came out feeling contrived.  Hence the 3/5 stars.
I'm so glade that I didn't spend 4 bucks on this movie I caught it on Netflix . I was so board to the point where I fell asleep if your expecting gore keep moving , if you're expecting zombie action keep moving, if you're expecting a good movie period keep moving. Folks please do not waste your money this movie isn't nearly worth it trust me. If I could give no stars it wouldn't show!
You have to be an expert on Versace and his life to get where this movie starts and goes.  It is lame excerpt for Gina Gershon's portrayal of Donatella she does a superrb job otherwise this thing is unwatchable even for a Lifetime movie.
Watched the SOA sense the beginning and the first episode this season was like a race to be disturbing and plain sick.  No plot completely void of good writing and simple disappointing.  It was almost as bad as a porn flick.  Ironic and you'll understand if you buy it.  How did I unsubscribe to the weekly purchase?  Kill this series FX and go find something worth watching.  Sorry any real lover of SOA that is a critic of good drama has to agree this years opener went over like a turd in a punch bowl.
Did they just stop updating this series? there are way more episodes to this season than are available here on Amazon.
THE REASON I RATED THIS OKAY IS BECAUSE THE SHOW IS CRAM PACKED IN SUCH A SHORT TIME, IT IS HARD TO SEE WHAT THEY ARE SELLING BECAUSE THE SHOW IS ONLY A HALF HOUR, WHICH MEANS THEY RUSH THROUGH SHOWING YOU WHAT THEY ARE SELLING AND THEN THEY BEGIN SELLING AND THEN IT IS DONE.  I ONLY WATCHED A COUPLE SHOWS AND THEN TOOK IT OFF MY WATCH LIST BECAUSE I WAS NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL. THIS IS JUST MY OPINION.
I can't really give an honest assessment because I shut it off after 30 minutes. But I can honestly feel good about myself for doing so in that I saved an hour of my life from witnessing this sad car wreck of a wannabe scifi horror thriller.
i do not know who in the family was watching this one no one will admit to having watched it.
I'm loving the show 'cause I tend to like superhero features and Amell is a nice looking superhero. I think his acting style is kind of wooden but I'm still trying to figure out if it's his acting or if his acting choice as a way to represent a PTSD individual who has been on an island for 5 years and who was tortured at some point during that time.
Here's my trying to give pub to GP506 (a.k.a. Guard Post 506), a macabre South Korean ghost story from 2008 that shares commonality with The Exorcist and with Ridley Scott's Alien in that they all roll with the slow burn approach. You have to be patient. The scares come measured and manifest more from the psychological mind-diddling the story lays on the viewer. So, yeah, GP506 will suit ya if you're the contemplative sort or if your lazy ass can't find the remote.Guard Post 506 is a support base that overlooks the Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea. It's a tour of duty that lasts three months, during which time no one is allowed to leave. When GP506 fails to report in, a squad of military police deploys to investigate. The soldiers arrive to a near abandoned post, soaked with blood and viscera and strewn with mutilated cadavers and gruesome errant body parts. Quickly move that flashlight over there and there's an alarming glimpse of the lone survivor, Corporal Kang (Lee Yeong-hoon), leering from the dark, holding a bloodied axe. Kang is forcibly detained but falls into a coma. So much for questioning him.Sgt. Major Noh Seong-gyu (Chun Ho-jin) is the calm investigative officer whose marching orders come with a caveat. He has only this one night to get to the truth behind the mass killings before the cover-up begins, and not much to work with: disturbing diary entries, a perplexing camcorder message, and one more unearthed soldier, Yoo (Jo Hyeon-jae), who at last confides to the Sgt. Major the terrible events that befell his platoon.GP506 revels in a plot device that I'm really partial to: People who are cut off from the outside world and must now cooperate and face an unknown, terrifying threat even as they gradually lose their sh--. It's a plot device well executed in films like Assault on Precinct 13, John Carpenter's The Thing, and the aforementioned Ridley Scott's Alien. GP506 ratchets up the psychological horror. We're made privy to many scenes that reveal the soldier's psyche and are informed of the constant pressure that weigh them down.Never mind that every few minutes, some panicky sentry runs in to report yet another disquieting event, and that this inadvertently assumes a running gag element. Director Su-chang Kong clamps down with the claustrophobic atmosphere. There's an abundance of spooky corridors and dimly lit bunkers, these making the ideal stage for Kong's striking visual shocks. His payoffs are rewarding.It's not without its faults. It goes on for too long, and too many viewers will interpret the slow burn approach to scenes that friggin' drag. The early stages present an ambiguous tone; it takes a minute for you to catch up. The film relies on faulty narrative structure, specifically on a series of frustrating flashbacks. Kong screws the p00ch by failing to give ample visual clues to separate the past from the present. The transitions come abrupt and unannounced. You have to work to tell people apart, seeing as how everyone's in uniform, and that several characters feature in both time frames, and that most of the soldiers are simply faces in the crowd. And to add to the confusion, both time frames play out to a parallel plotline. All we know is that, with Sgt. Major Noh's squad, the horror is starting anew.So, yeah, it's a thinking person's horror flick, not that the gorehounds are excluded. The director splatters a few extremely brutal scenes along the way. Chun Ho-jin ("Sgt. Major Noh") and Lee Yeong-hoon ("Cpl. Kang") are the two stand-outs. GP506 is in need of a major tweak or three, but it's one of those movies I'm glad I watched. If you're hankering for foreign cinema that steep you in unfamiliar culture and a different style of filmmaking, then you could do worse than with this one.
Europa One is the first mission to send humans into deep space. In "Europa Report," six astronauts are sent to Europa, one of Jupiter's moons, to see if life exists beneath the icy exterior of the planetoid. Studies show that single-celled organisms may exist in a probable hidden ocean beneath the hefty layers of ice. As being alone in the depths of space begins to take its toll on each of the crew members, equipment on the spacecraft starts to malfunction including their means of communication back home. Tragedy rears its ugly head as the crew on the Europa One mission struggle between making one of the most important discoveries in the history of mankind and surviving long enough to actually make it back home.One of the biggest mistakes "Europa Report" makes is that it lets you know very early on that nobody survives the trip to Europa. It would have been even more effective if you had just heard the testimony of Dr. Samantha Unger (Embeth Davidtz), CEO of Europa Ventures, without being told ahead of time the fate of the crew. The science fiction film is presented like a documentary containing footage from on-board cameras and interviews with the crew. As you become accustomed to the crew, you can't help but realize how realistic everything seems. The special effects do an excellent job making this shuttle and its outer space exhibition feel authentic. While "Europa Report" does deal with discovering new life, it never seems to overstep the bounds of reality as the decisions made and the related consequences feel logical.Isolation sets in and the majority of the crew begins to feel its effects; James Corrigan (Sharlto Copley) gets the worst of it. Copley's performance is perhaps the most emotional in the film despite the South African actor having a limited amount of screen time. If anyone in "Europa Report" goes through a story arc similar to Dr. Ryan Stone's (Sandra Bullock) from "Gravity," it's James Corrigan. Just keep in mind that there's no rescuing this time around. The cast is fairly solid from all sides, but Michael Nyqvist also stands out. Nyqvist portrays Andrei, the chief engineer, and Andrei's experiences are a bit more extraordinary in comparison to the rest of the crew.The first person perspective adds quite a bit to the film as does having a camera inside the suits of the crew as you get an intimate outlook that captures all of their facial expressions and emotions. It's a bit disappointing to see so many characters perish so similarly. However when you're surrounded by ice, there's really only one way you can go. The only real payoff is the last shot of the footage seen from Europa One. You'll know it once you see it. Anything Lovecraftian in design deserves some recognition. Coming back to the special effects, while they're mostly very good and add so much to the film they're also a bit funky once the crew arrives on Europa. It's excusable since it's something most humans will most likely never see, but the terrain of Europa is a bit off-balance in comparison to everything else in the film."Europa Report" is never really able to capitalize on the intense atmosphere that it hints at early on. While it does look and feel genuine at times and you're not ever able to shake that wondrous sensation of potential discovery, "Europa Report" fails to ever really wow its audience. While it may share similarities with the number one film to hit theaters this past weekend, "Europa Report" is no "Gravity."Special features on the Blu-ray release include Exploring the Visual Effects of Europa Report (6:37), The Musical Journey of Europa Report (5:41), a Behind the Scenes Photo Gallery, and the Theatrical Trailer.
Chewing gum for the eyes.  I'm not a fan of reality shows but the novelty of one in the bayou was worth a look.  There is a little humor and some interesting cases but not enough to have drawn me in a second season.
As with any series the longer it goes the more the characters have to develop.  This was a fairly good season for that.  Looking forward to season 5.I will include a synopsis of the stories as this season has little to offer.  There are no special features or production of videos to make this offering and achievement rather than a chore.1 &#34;After the Fireworks&#34;After multiple competitive eaters become sick, Hank and Divya treat them. Evan pursues a new business venture, and Jill has her last day at Hamptons Heritage.2 &#34;Imperfect Storm&#34;Jill's nephew is treated by Hank. Evan tries to secure a new client. Divya faces a difficult decision.3 &#34;A Guesthouse Divided&#34;Hank and Evan are pitted against each other when pursuing the same opportunity. A going-away party is thrown for Jill while Divya tries to help Hank and Evan make amends.4 &#34;Dawn of the Med&#34;Hank is hired by a young couple. Eddie returns to try to reconcile Hank and Evan. Divya's mother visits to reconnect with her.5 &#34;You Give Love a Bad Name&#34;A matchmaker is Hank and Divya's new patient while Evan attempts to get his staff back in line. Paige prepares to throw a party. Protecting his family is Boris's main priority.6 &#34;About Face&#34;HankMed treats a country club manager. Evan uses Paige's help and gets the business opportunity he's always wanted.7 &#34;Fools Russian&#34;A secret meeting in Manhattan involves Hank. An Internet entrepreneur is treated by Evan and Dr. Sacani. Divya and her father, resolve their differences.8 &#34;Manimal&#34;Hank and Divya treat a large-animal veterinarian. Evan and Paige comfort a close friend who has experienced an unexpected loss. Boris is obligated to make accommodations.9 &#34;Business and Pleasure&#34;During a stakeout at an exotic car event, Hank treats an undercover DEA agent who fears she may have been poisoned with meth.10 &#34;Who's Your Daddy?&#34;Hank's latest patient, an ailing polo team owner, refuses to stop playing. Divya is having a difficult time with her foray into the dating world. Evan worries about a family dinner meeting with Paige's parents.11 &#34;Dancing With the Devil&#34;A pop star needs HankMed's help while visiting the Hamptons on a tour. Hank meets a pediatrician and Divya falls for an Argentinian polo player.12 &#34;Hurts Like a Mother&#34;A romance novelist and her daughter become sick with what appears to be different ailments. Divya's new boyfriend seeks out Jeremiah's medical help.13 &#34;Something Fishy This Way Comes&#34;Boris asks for Hank's help for Dimitri. Evan and Paige meets a woman who claims to be Paige's biological mother.14 &#34;Sand Legs&#34;Hank realizes what his past relationships have all been about and Divya's recent romance has a surprising outcome.15/16 &#34;Off-Season Greetings&#34;  (Two Part Episode)The bachelorette and bachelor parties both end up in Las Vegas. Before Evan and Paige marry, the weather puts a few obstacles in their way along with a surprise.
This is the same old "something mysterious and bad happens to a group of strangers" show.  Most of the action involves people running around confused.  Nothing new in this show to make me want to see more.  Did not find the plot or the characters dynamic enough to give it more than a slight chance.  On to the next new Amazon offering.  The one I want to see is  program where the monkey has a gun.  That would have made the show much better.  Monkeys with guns take over LA and spring primates out of the zoo in a simian rebellion.Plus, what was with the commercial a la Hulu in the beginning.  Hope Amazon is not going to put out videos and then make me watch the same Geico ad one million times in order to get to the story.
Season One of Lie to Me was promising. The premise was interesting, the plots engaging and Tim Roth is a wonderful actor. However, by Season Two, the flaws that are inherent in a show about someone who ALWAYS knows when people are lying started to wreak havoc. (Hey, why bother with a judicial system? Just have Lightman ask, "Did you do it?")The main problem with Lie to Me is that Cal Lightman is the only character who is interesting.  I mean, what do the rest of them actually DO? There are twenty or so people running around a fancy office suite that is called the "Lightman Group" but where's the group? They've got an intern, Eli Loker, whose job it is to look scruffy.  Although, later he gets promoted to "vice-president" after a year of being an UNPAID intern.  (I should only be so lucky.  And who's president anyway?  Who's on first?) Torres is obviously window dressing.  (She doesn't even have any training in psychology--let alone acting.) And Lightman's partner, Foster, is there to say "I feel your pain" and stumble around on 6-inch stilettos. (To be fair, all the women in the show wear 6-inch stilettos. And don't get me started on the collagenized lips.) And because Lightman is the only person with brains, the writers had to invent juvenile stuff for the other characters to do (i.e. almost kissing, nearly kissing, finally kissing) which didn't require any. Bo-ring.The other glaring problem is that by the second half of Season Two, it becomes manifestly clear that the writers have no idea what they are doing. First, Lightman has to pay off his ex-wife in order to keep her from taking their daughter to another state. (That NEVER happens in real life. With joint custody, neither parent can move the child out of state. Didn't these people watch Boston Legal?) Having paid off his wife, his business is about to collapse. (What is his business anyway? Why does he need all those people? And if all he has to do is stare at a person to figure out what they're thinking, why does he need all that equipment?) So, he gets involved with Clara, who has scads of money but is dumb as a post. (They eventually get rid of Clara because she really, really can't act. She just has these enormous LIPS, which they figured would distract the audience from the fact that there was NO PLOT.) Then, Lightman does something stupid with some Peruvians (who weren't from Peru, by the way. They were home-grown Latinos. You could tell by the accents, and the fact that the Sendero Luminoso has been defunct for about 30 years, give or take a decade.) Now Lightman's afraid of losing custody of his daughter (When did he get custody? I thought his ex had custody). So the FBI agent who hangs around the Lightman Group (doing what exactly?) breaks the law not just once, but several times, so Lightman can keep his daughter. (Although, frankly, I'd give her up.  She's an airhead, and that "deer caught in headlights" look wears thin after awhile. And why is she ALWAYS hanging around her father's office? Doesn't she go to school?) But the agent doesn't get fired, because by now the Lightman Group has broken so many laws it would be ridiculous to fire an FBI agent for impersonating an officer, withholding evidence, obstructing justice...you know, all those little things you'd normally go to jail for.With all the inconsistencies, logic errors and contrivances, the plots got increasingly incoherent, until NOBODY could follow what was going on. Not even the Harvard grad who came up with the idea for the show in the first place. Even if you think you know what the stories are about, you really don't, because nothing the characters do makes any sense...not in this world or the next. (Why get yourself admitted to a mental hospital to have a two-minute conversation with someone.  Why not just go and talk to her?) And when you haven't got a decent story, the obvious thing to do is to keep transmogrifying your main character (all you Buffy fans know what that word means). Now he's a psychologist, now he's a former criminal, now he's Rambo, now he's a gambling addict, now he's an overprotective father, now he's sleeping with that awful Clara with the LIPS god help me ... and then add enough bombs, terrorists, and psychokillers until, you hope, the audience will have completely lost sight of whatever it was the writers thought they were doing when they should have been WRITING.I have to stop, because the more I think about this show the worse it gets . . . and I really like Tim Roth. (sigh)
OK, so I am interested enough to buy this series, season 3, and today expecting to the latest episode in my email, I get this behind the scenes "crap" ... that is, not a real episode, and Amazon charged me $2 for it on top of that.  All the other behind the scenes stuff has been totally free ... not that I watch it ... I really do not care for that stuff.So, is this an Amazon mistake or what ... there seem to be a lot more mistakes lately.DAMMIT Amazon ... I just got another Behind the Scenes video with another charge ... where is the damn episode for this week.Start paying your interns or something or get rid of the incompetent management, please.UPDATE - created an Amazon Customer Service Request and asked to be refunded for what can only be a mistake here.
Can't say I watch this one too easily, however, since Mark Strong is the lead and it does have a compelling storyline, I have been keeping up with it from week to week.  Unfortunately only the second episode really grabbed me, so I am waiting for it to happen again which it probably will do.  The problem is that this is so dark and sometimes gets so ponderous that I want to take a nap even during a murder.  It hasn't been on for all that long, so with any luck it will be able to pull itself together and give us what we are all looking for.  An exciting, thoughtful piece of &#34;Noir&#34;.  The only thing is when you are filming things noirish in color, producers and directors make the mistake of forgetting that their are colors out there and they can make something noirish exciting and real.  &#34;Chinatown&#34; and &#34;The Late Show&#34; which are two of the best mysteries ever made were both in color.  One had Jack Nicholson and Faye Dunaway while the other had Art Carney and Lili Tomlin.  One dealt with glamour and political corruption and the other dealt with little nobodies solving a group of murders of lowlife individuals by lowlife individuals.  Both were startling and held your interest and had guts.  That's what this needs.
This...isn't...Blue's Clues. Or Super Why. Or any other &#34;educational&#34; show. It's *nominally* educational, maybe for the 2-3 crowd. But it's fun, the characters are of solid moral stock, and it's one of the few things on tv these days with *boys* who get billing about equal to the girls.The world makes no sense. They're under water...but...not. There are clouds and trees and &#34;airports&#34; and squirrels. And every. last. episode. plays out exactly. the. same. way....But the kids *love* this show, and it *never* uses the dreaded word, &#34;louder,&#34; and the songs are catchy and yet safe to be sung on the bus or at church or wherever. So when you just need to veg them out for 22 minutes so you can do whatever...it usually works.
They blew it. This is not The Killing of seasons 1-2. It has the moody atmosphere of the Pacific Northwest and that's about it. Holder (Joel Kinnaman) is the only saving grace. The Linden character needs major therapy. Gregg Henry's character has some funny dialogue. But there's not enough of him. Halfway through the season I couldn't care less who did it. And what's with all the smoking? Everybody smokes feverishly. Is the show now set in the sixties?  Maybe the producers thought they were shooting Mad Men. I'm going to check out the follow-up season of the original Danish series to see if they had better luck extending the franchise.
This is like the beginning of any magical preschool series all over again, as in any show that takes you out of your own world kind-of-show! The only way this show is different from those magical preschool shows, is that it's more interactive. When I heard Angela Santomero was going to create this pilot, I thought it might had been as great as one of her pilots last year. I remember Creative Galaxy and Sara Solves It! Unfortunately, I didn't find this as interesting as those two. It might get picked, but I'm not confident. If I were Angela, I would stay with creating Daniel Tiger and Creative Galaxy.P. S.: I would also like to see Sara Solves It on any TV channel, since it didn't get picked by Amazon.
So I was really looking forward to this show. I looks like hard sci-fi. Which I love. It's got two actresses whom I like. Lexa Doig (Andromeda) and Jennifer Spence (SGU). X-file's "smoking man" is in it. And it is Canadian SYFY (I love Sanctuary & Lost Girl). So this seemed like a shoe in. Ugh! 1)65 years is not enough time for corporations to take over the world and impose a police state. I mean, that's just lame. 2) 65 years is not enough time for us to have all that great tech. Biometrically calibrated suits? Transformer guns? Come'on! 165 years...maybe. But barely 6 centuries?. No, I don't think so.3) How is the Kiera's husband not a terrorist when he totally over react to her being stationed in the execution room. )Even though I know it was old Alex's doing. 4) All the ethnic people are bad. 5) One more, all the ethnic people are bad. 7) Let me say that again. There are only 2 black dudes and 2 asians... all bad. 8) The "bad guys" are the anti corporation Liber8 (lame name!) and the "good guys" are corporations?! Really? Is this show funded by BP? 9) Alex, the wunderkin, runs a sky net style lab in his shady (Those folks look all kinds of suspect!) parents barn?! I could go on. This show just wasn't my cup of tea. The science is lack luster and while the tech seems cool it is is just not believable. I will give this one more chance only because I love SYFY but it better get good real quick because I simply don't have the emotional stamina to watch a whole show that promises to be awesome science fiction and delivers nothing but badly thought out she-ite. I'm looking at you Lost.
All the shows were the same. Didn't like the the plots or the stories. Could have use more imagination in the series
Sorry writers, but this series is a snooze.  I like TV that entertains and provides a mental challenge, but after the second episode I gave up on trying to make sense of the dialog and I was NOT entertained.  I suppose if I had been in the mood to be the fly on the wall in the think tank, I might have appreciated the writing effort.  Late at night I don't want to have to sift through all the information presented.
Oh no! After so much anticipation of the great show, the result is disappointing. Kids above age 13 will be bored.
TERMINATOR SALVATION: THE MACHINIMA SERIES was first launched as a web series comprised of six episodes, and chances are that if you've spent $1.99 per episode on iTunes, XBox Live, or wherever, then you may've thrown away some good green. For those in the dark (which was me, not too long ago), machinima, a term combining the words "machine" & "cinema," is a cost-effective but still developing medium which utilizes video-game engines and characters to narrate its stories. In TERMINATOR SALVATION: THE MACHINIMA SERIES, the visuals are generated from the game engine of the Terminator Salvation video game. Regarding the quality of the graphics, the key words here are probably "a still developing medium."The super-sexy Moon Bloodgood lends her vocals to again play Resistance fighter Blair Williams, who in the live action film was either woefully underused or a mere afterthought. Here, she's fleshed out a bit and she takes on the kickasss action heroine role so prevalent in the Terminator franchise. Blair Williams is someone who remembers what life was like before Judgment Day, yet is still young and vibrant enough to adapt to her lethal post-apocalyptic environment and learn how to fight. In six episodes, we see her grit and resourcefulness and just how full of fight she is. I'm not clear on the exact timeline of this story. I've heard of this being touted as a prequel to TERMINATOR SALVATION, but I've also heard that this is actually set after TERMINATOR SALVATION but before the video game. Whatever the case, the story takes place in a ravaged Los Angeles sometime in 2016, with Blair Williams tasked with ferreting out the Ghost, an elusive entity which had been disrupting the Resistance's communication system.Die-hard fans may want to get this DVD to complete their collection, but others can probably make do without. Although there are tons of frantic chases and firefights with the Machines, the story itself isn't really that compelling and I don't think it at all enriches the Terminator mythos. But it's made even less relevant by the faulty animation. Not too surprisingly the look of the thing did make me feel as if I were in the middle of a video game. Thing is, the graphics don't really achieve, let alone maintain, a high level of quality. You know it's rough when the animators don't even try real hard to sync the lip movements of the characters with their dialogue.Bonus stuff on the DVD offers the Making Of TERMINATOR SALVATION: THE MACHINIMA SERIES featurette (which is an extensive breaking down of the machinima technology) and a Character Profile on Blair Williams which includes interviews with Moon Bloodgood who, I'll say it again, is super-sexy. 2.5 stars out of 5 for this one.
So many of these kinds of TV shows are planted federal govt agencies' information. This planted information is to build a body of knowledge. The knowledge primarily is for the lower ranks of IQ people to gain support from these weak thinking American people. God, I hope it does not work and I hope that these weak minded people do not exist after all the Iraqi war and all. These so called masses of people, according to the federal agencies that produce these films, need to be informed in accordance with Agency propaganda. American innocence is gone. When the torture scenes are shown any thinking person will feel as though America is just as bad - based on what Cheney and Bush have done, rendition, black opps ( :) ), Abu Grab (again :)  ), water boarding, and so much more. So, return to the old days of uninformed Americans with this show. The lead character, Sarah Grimes. Naive as a 10 year old. Home problems are of 1950 kind of portrayal. America and American CIA agents are heroes, giants of strength, dedicated beyond human effort of most, pretty, slim, stressed. So silly. Stupid music. How American agents suffer is childish. It is all so laughable. Reminds me of Rocky Horror Show: You know, the film is meaningless, but we go to laugh, throw stuff, dress as one of the dumb characters. If any person continues to watch this series must be one with an IQ of an innocent 10 year old. By all means, skip this show, do not waste your money.
Even though, or probably because of, this season just was not as good as earlier season. Still like the show and will continue watching
This is a pretty good crime show.  Detective Kenda kind of reminds me of Horatio in CSI Miami with his &#34;cool&#34; one liners but overall its enjoyable and well done.
Even though I loved the show, there were great seasons and bad seasons. In ranking the seasons, there are several contenders for worst including season 4 when the show had gotten through its initial 3 season arc and was flailing around for stories when it seemed like it was on the verge of becoming stuck in &#34;whacky characters doing stuff&#34; tedium (with Sarah Chalke hanging out to remind us of Scrubs and what happens when that's the show) and barely moved to growth and development. There was season 6 with Zoey sucking the life out of everything.Still, this one is the worst for several reasons. The growth that the characters have gone through seem to be temporary at best. Even after Barney and Robin get engaged, there are episodes with Barney going back to the Playbook which had stopped being funny years ago. Abby Eliot plays a cartoonish shrew as Ted's last crazy girlfriend. This season also has the groan-inducing episode where Marshall is arguing a case in a courtroom and everyone pretends to be tough in high school. The new joke about Robin always yelling at Patrice is only serving to make Robin unlikeable.There are some ok episodes, mostly when the show is pushing forth the Robin/Barney coupling and when the show mentions the overall mythology. Still, it feels too much like a time-waster before we can get to the final season where Ted meets Tracy.
This film reminds me of Bitter Moon, where an older man recounts to a stranger the sexual awakening and deadening of his younger wife.  In this case, a younger woman recounts to an older man the sexual awakening and deadening of herself.Joe:  I've been a bad, bad girl.Seligman:  No, what you did is like fishing, maths and music.Are the overreaching analogies there to bolster the sex parade or is the sex parade there to liven up the overreaching analogies?  It was amusing to watch him barge into her recollections.  The struggle between purely recalling events and attempting to rationalise them is actually.... worth capturing.  Perhaps this is how it occurs within a human mind regarding its past.While the analogies are interesting, even when they are forced like Fibonacci, the constructs of the sexual experiences seem a bit too porn-y.  What schoolgirl wears a schoolgirl outfit to her deflowering?  Which two girls do a twist on running a train for a bag of sweets, instead of just sharing the bag-- which, by the way, they bought after breaking into the brother's piggy bank?  The juxtaposition of the childishness of the reward and the kinkiness of the quest is filthy.It is said the unsimulated sex scenes shot with adult film actors were digitally grafted onto the film.  First of all, should we believe them?  Secondly, it seems against the thrust of the film to attempt to maintain respectability, by lying, digitally or in press.  But it would have been interesting to discuss the hand of pornography in Joe's realisation of what it means to be a nymphomaniac.
I fell asleep twice while trying to watch this.  Honestly, this could have been done in one episode.  I can't think of a single highlight worth mentioning.  But I was curious about what Carole had done to her lips.  But if you are into whining...you will enjoy both episodes.  If you are into fakeness...you will enjoy Aviva in the reunion episodes.  I did however finally realize who Heather reminded me of...it has bothered me all season.  Her face is the spitting image of Lady Elaine Fairchilde from Mr. Rogers Neighborhood.  And that is pretty much it.
This comes across as a desperate attempt to fill a spot on this season's series preview list. The acting was bad, and the gadgets were unrealistic. I can't see this holding a child's attention, unless they enjoy fart humor. So, so bad! Sorry. :(
I was disappointed with Seasn 5 episode 1. Not nearly as fun or clever as previous seasons. Just not up to snuff
I'm really amazed at all the critical praise and positive reviews for &#34;Big Ass Spider&#34;. A few of the gags worked, but most of the lines were poorly-timed, and the banter between the two male leads seemed forced and flat. In fact, the entire film looked to have been directed by someone whom has never done comedy before. I gave it two stars for a few good shots and laughs, but mostly I sat in my chair wishing I had my $4.99 back.
Overall, the actors do look like their real-life counterparts and are fairly convincing as the Kennedy family. However, as others have noted, there are factual inaccuracies in The Kennedys and the series seems to rush at the end. I tend to be forgiving about minor factual inaccuracies if they are necessary to further the movie or appeal to a wider audience. However, The Kennedys makes a bit mistake by totally ignoring Ted Kennedy. It's as if Jack and Bobby didn't have a younger brother! I understand the producers wanted to fit the series into 8 episodes, but to leave Teddy Kennedy out completely? I like the idea of a TV mini-series about the Kennedys, but it should be done right and give due attention to all three of the brothers.
I enjoy these shows more with the volume very low.  For some reason the participants seem to think their endless talesof woe will somehow make the judges keep them on the show.  They usually end up being chopped, anyway.
In a world full of ironic comedies (Repo Man, etc....)  This one was just too much.  I get it didn't care about anything beyond the entertainment, but it was not entertaining.
Oh, good religious icon! This was hella bad! I will say that the animation was good, writing was pretty crisp, and voice acting was acceptable. However, just the premise alone was enough to make me want to click "x" on my screen. Basing an entire pilot around the crystal skull from "Indiana Jones 4" Is that the best they could do? Say what you want about the sometimes-amusing racist depiction of just about everyone involved, that was hardly the worst offense here. I really wanted to see amazon.com succeed in their first animated show, but this was something even the worst show on Comedy Central couldn't compare to. It reminded me of an old MAD TV sketch with Nicole Sullivan doing her thing, and I didn't care for that show either. I guess you could compare it to The Boondocks with lady characters, but they could have made them at least somewhat appealing. The pop culture references made me think of the now-canceled "Ugly Americans," which worked on about five levels above this. I got the feeling even Adult Swim wouldn't wash their hands with this pilot. Out of all the amazon.com pilots I have seen, this is the only one I wouldn't even consider watching if it somehow got a series order. Maybe other people would watch it b/c they know "so many people just like" the two leads, but that does not mean I would watch a show about them. Consider this a vote of UN-confidence.
Im sorry I LOVE u SGA but this last season was not up to the high level that was set. The best ep was a direct ripoff of momento!
I did enjoy it. I have only seen one episode but will be watching more in the future. I'm a big fan of the actress who plays the mom which is why I ordered the 1st episode.
Boing, vacuous,tedious women.  Their lives are boing to me , go away Vikii Gunvalson.my prayers for your family.  Thankyou for the vent.  Carl Tamari
I like Tim Roth as an actor but in this series his character is not as engaging as it should be for someone of his talents. There is nothing to connect on the human level - no warmth or even cold humor.
My favorite part of this film was the final credits, when various mystics and spiritual experts appeared in little boxes and talked about personal incidents from their lives in a less formal, more off-the-cuff manner than during the previous part.  I've gotta say that the repetition of &#34;Who am I?&#34; and the answer (&#34;I am God&#34;) got a little old, but it's the kind of concept that those raised in a western religious tradition have a lot of trouble grasping because it sounds like the ultimate ego trip. So maybe it does bear repeating. Eastern philosophies are much more in sync with that concept.I agree with other reviewers that the beautiful young lady who was silently emoting throughout the film, and the New Agey music, were also a bit much, and there was a definite fragrance of infomercialism to it.  But the message is a good one.  If we each comport ourselves like we are all divine and respond to each other accordingly, the strife and misunderstanding in the world will inevitably disappear.  But that's a very tall order for most of us opinionated souls, and I don't see it happening any time soon.I assume that the book this film is based on has a lot more substance to it, but this is a good beginning.
This was at one time a free download. I downloaded it, but never had the chance to watch it. On the 31st, some weird power failure completely disrupted my computer. The unbox player had to be re-downloaded. None of my films or downloads was marked as downloaded, but they began to come back - over 90% of them. The rest I simply re-purchased on unbox - though I had to buy Borat on DVD. When I tried to either re-buy or re-download this episode, I discovered it listed but not for sale. Why? Can anyone at Amazon answer that question - several other episodes are also unavailable. ???? I cannot even seem to delete the useless episode. Que pasa? I give it 1 star because you can't give something no stars - a rating deserved by lots of stuff.
I can't understand they hype this film has received. I found it boring and lacking in plot. The special effects are fairly good, what there are of them (not much). There are supposedly several types of trolls, but viewers get to see only 2 types briefly. The filming pretty good quality, but there is little suspense as you know this is supposed to be found footage, thus the viewer knows from the start that the film crew didn't survive the super fast and confused attack at the end of the film.  I thought it was a fun idea to use the troll concept, but the idea was wasted. Most of the film is trying to locate living trolls, chasing the clues, and then there are the quick moments during which we actually see a troll. The CGI is good but goes by too quickly to enjoy. Rent this one.
Yeah, I was expecting something more, and yes, it does seem like a ripoff of more than one previous sci-fi movies.  But the cast does pretty well with what they're given, and I wasn't expecting the ending.
As MST3k is sort of a show within a show within a movie concept, I think it is better to look at the individual parts of the episode to determine if the episode works in totalThe Movie: After finding a relic from Venus, an international team of scientists are sent to Venus to determine why Venus will not respond to Earth's radio signals.  This is a very serious and straight forward science movie that has more in common with "2001" and "Star Trek" than the normal MST3k cheesefests like "King Dinosaur".  It is also sort of dry with most of the movie being about the scientists interacting with each other and performing scientific experiments while traveling in their spaceship.  And yet I found myself sort of caring about the team and I became very interested when they finally arrived on the alien surface of Venus.Host Segments: The invention exchange segment is extremely funny due to the interaction between Frank and Dr. Forrester - both seem to enjoy screwing around during the skit.  The remaining segments range from bad to ok.  Even worse, Joel plays around with Tom Servo's sarcasm meter.  It is supposed to be fixed by movie sign but yet Tom keeps spouting a sarcastic comment that quickly wears thin.Riffs: Joel and the bots start and end strong but the riffing is very sparse for most of the movie (the part when the scientists are on the ship).  There are moments when an entire minute passes before the next riff.  Except for the first and last ten minutes, the riffs were not all that funny with the occasional chuckle.  And Tom constantly saying "Ooooo... &lt;&lt;Sarcastic remark>> Sign me up!" went from mildly funny to quickly annoying by the end of the movie.Overall: I am a big fan of MST3k and will probably have to turn in my red jumpsuit for saying this but... I actually became annoyed with the crew as the few riffs in this episode always come when something important was about to be explained.  I guess I started to pay too much attention to movie during the riffing silence and found myself actually caring more about the movie than when the next riff would be delivered.  I would grade this episode a slightly below average episode with a slightly boring but yet watchable movie offset by bad segments and riffing that reminded me of season 1.
Great to see the gang again, sad to see them together in this.  I'm not sure which makes me feel worse, that I watched this or that I paid for it (okay rented).  It started well I'll give it that, but that lasted maybe 5 minutes and then let the shlock begin!  The only thing that could have made it worse would have been having Harry Hamlin show up for a cameo.
Have to say I really liked the other 4 new "pilots" but this one is just not worth watching. I loved Oz, Shameless (BBC), Prison Break, the Sopranos and a host of other similar shows who certainly had some unpleasant characters but THOSE people were interesting and well written. Transparent has none of that. I do not understand the high reviews. For example: the family is sitting at a table and eating barbecue ribs. Each one of them has their face and hands liberally smeared with goopy barbecue sauce, as they chow down on the ribs.. One fellow has a beard with sauce all up in his beard. Nobody feels like they need to wipe. This is supposed to be funny.The best that can be said about it is that Transparent is boring. With a lot of 4 letter words.
The show contains a group of young interns who are completely relatable.  The biggest draw of course is the incomparable Bebe Neuwirth! Her song was great.  The comedy was good, but the show is a bit dry.  I would attribute this to the show being in its early stages, and the actors ( and the show) getting into their groove.  I would definitely watch this show and add it to my most revered DVR list.
First of all, this is an Eli Roth film. If you don't know who he is, he's the man responsible forCabin Feverand the line ofHostelfilms, all of which are grim, violent movies. (Leader of the "Splat Pack," some journalists have dubbed him.) CABIN FEVER I actually enjoyed, but only because it had a sense of humor about what it was doing, and you get the impression from some of Roth's other work (specifically some of his cameo appearances as well as his work with Tarantino) that he doesn't take himself too seriously. That's to his credit, because when your movie is an onslaught of relentless doom, gloom, and death, it helps to toss in a joke or two to help soften the blow or else you end up narrowing your audience down to masochists, suicidal goths, and aging serial killers who miss the good old days.This movie is about a random group of people in Chile who experience a massive earthquake and then must deal with the horrific aftermath, including aftershocks, looting, crumbling buildings, and general anarchy. The movie is notable for refusing completely to follow any kind of traditional story conventions. I can't decide if they were trying to be avant-garde or if they thought it would lend the story (as much as there is any kind of story) more impact, but a lot of choices left me scratching my head. For instance:-- Nothing happens for thirty minutes. We meet three guys -- Gringo is white and Ariel and Pollo are Spanish/Latin American -- who are partying hard down in South America. They party and talk about/hit on girls and dance for about thirty minutes. There are a few stabs at character development (the white guy has a daughter; the fat guy has a rich daddy who's funding his fun; the skinny guy is obsessed with an ex-girlfriend), but mostly nothing happens.-- Approximately 60-70% of the dialogue is in Spanish, and at least in the version of the movie I watched, there were no subtitles. I actually looked around for a version with translations, but I couldn't find any. If you know Spanish, you'll get more of the movie than otherwise. It's not that hard to get the basic gist of what the Spanish-speakers are saying (maybe this decision was meant to make non-Spanish speaking viewers as disoriented as the foreigners in the film), but it is also off-putting.-- Protagonists? Forget about it. There seems like there could be, but ultimately isn't, any kind of lead character that you can hang your hopes on or root for. The film starts by following the three guys, but people join and leave the group intermittently as the disaster causes them to run for their lives. Maybe they thought that if audiences realized anyone could die at any moment then it would give the movie more tension and suspense, but what it really does is make it impossible to get too attached to anyone at all, making the chaos and killing even more mind-numbing.Relentlessly nihilistic to its final frame, this movie is only entertaining if you enjoy watching people suffer for literally no reason at all. At least with the Hostel films (at least the first one), you could argue a point is being made about the corruption of power and wealth, and there's definitely a hero figure who satisfies even a splinter of the audience's empathy. This film, however, has no deeper message (other than that life sucks and then you die) and no satisfying level of personal engagement unless you have the heart of a barbarian and get your kicks from vicarious raping and slaughtering.I give the film points for most of its actors doing decent jobs (Roth's general aura of smugness implies that he's a much better actor than I think he is) and for also pulling off a lot of horrific stuff with an obviously small SFX budget, but the overall film is so brainlessly dark and despondent that it made me wonder how anyone with such a vision in their heads would also have the motivation to put it up on the silver screen. Seems to me anyone with this kind of outlook on life would be more compelled to take a bath with a toaster than actually write a script about it. Movies are usually made to a) tell an interesting story, b) entertain, or c) teach lessons about life. This movie doesn't do any of those things unless you think the cold, tarry abyss of your waiting grave is a) intriguing, b) enjoyable, or c) a profound morality play. If you do, congratulations, you're among this film's target audience and should enjoy it. Otherwise, I'd steer my ship to calmer waters if I were you.
While the first two seasons were very good, and season three was okay, this season seems to have lost that indefinable something that made the show enjoyable. It is hard to explain, but something in the chemistry of the show was lost in season four. Some of the characters seem to have lost their depth, and the artifacts, which were key parts of stories past, seem to have become mere props. I'll pass on season 5. Have lost interest.
It can be difficult to &#34;catch&#34; an audience with a pilot and right now, I'm about 50-50 with this series.  I saw the secret of Jeffrey Tambor's character a mile off (and no, I'd not read any spoilers).  The characters are so far only marginally humorous -- not what I expected from the creator of Six Feet Under and United States of Tara.  But due to that pedigree, I'm willing to try more episodes.
I watched two movies last night (The other one was THE FIELDS) and both movies showed promise but both ended without satisfying resolutions.ATM sets up a simple but intriguing premise:  three young business people stop at an ATM, only to be terrorized by a psychotic killer.  Suspense ensues with some incredibly stupid plot devices.  First and foremost, why does David park so far away from the ATM kiosk?  As does the security guard.  Why does Corey lie about having a lighter?  Other questions would serve as spoilers so I won't go there.Brian Geragthy, Josh Peck and Alice Eve are fine in their roles and director Chris Fisher uses the claustrophobic setting effectively.  Too bad his script didn't measure up.ATM could've been a tidy little thriller but ultimately is a misfire.
Hey, this turned out to be a far sweeter and interesting movie than I expected it to be.  The actors brought some real depth to their roles...if given the chance in bigger productions, I think they will do well.However, it does take a bit of footage to get the premise set up...be patient and maintain course...you'll enjoy this one.  It is kind of like a box of inexpensive fancy chocolates;  they all appear boring on the outside, and many taste pretty bland--but once in a while, you'll get a creme-filled center that just BURSTS with flavor and richness.This is that kind of movie.
Richard Gere wasn't up to his usual sparkling acting in this. Maybe it was just that the character he portrayed was a bit tired, but I felt it was deeper than that - Gere himself seemed to be pushing himself in this.
This is crazy.  In reading other reveiws, I see that you guys are not giving those of us who have a "TV Pass", a full episode to watch, instead many have viewed a version that is missing some scenes.  That sucks!  But at least they got to watch SOMETHING.  Now it says there is NO version available for me to watch at all!  I must agree with the others who are upset about this. I have a "TV Pass" for several shows currently.  If this isn't resolved soon, I may just pull all of them AND my "Prime" acct. Unacceptable Amazon!.....Here I am at 3:00 p.m., on THURSDAY and this  episode is STILL UNAVAILABLE!!,...Just about reached my limit in dealing with this issue...I spend a BUTTLOAD of money here, every week, on videos and T.V. shows, I want this fixed NOW!!..Or me and my money are done with you  inept fools
Updated Dec. 11, 2013: I used to LOVE NCIS. When Ziva left it was a bummer, but the guys & Abby were doing fine. Mark Harmon rocks as always. However, this Bishop character is irritating. In her debut episode, I felt she was a bit interesting as a temporary character, and when it was obvious she would become more permanent I wondered how that would be. Watching this episode, I have to say UGH. So immature and wish she would just stop talking, stop making faces, just grow up. Seriously, to replace extremely classy Cote w/this character is like bringing a barn animal to dinner at the palace. NCIS has always had mature, elegant actors. Why ruin it now? Unless they want the show to fail... maybe the writers are tired and want to end with season 11. Just thinking now of Prentis, who was with Criminal Minds. Now that would have been a very cool choice for a replacement. Sadly, I won't be looking forward to the next episodes as I used to, and may not even watch anymore. Too bad because NCIS used to be one of the very few great shows left.
Uneven story-telling makes this an average episode.  But, this is always the case with this series.  One episode is a bit off, but then the next can be absolutely brilliant.  Still my favorite show of all time, so of course, I'll keep watching.
Having finished watching Stephen Frears' "Lay the Favorite," I am still unsure what to make of this "true story" based on Beth Raymer's memoir of her experiences in the sports-betting industry in Las Vegas. The film has one interesting subject matter, to be sure, and benefits from the fine performance from Rebecca Hall as the spirited heroine, but with its unfocused and disjointed narrative "Lay the Favorite" simply doesn't know what it is doing.An in-home exotic dancer Beth travels from Florida to Las Vegas, dreaming of becoming a cocktail waitress at a casino. As luck would have it, she gets a job working for a bookie Dink Heimowitz (Bruce Willis). Beth, who is good with numbers, becomes a sort of good luck charm for Dink and even gets romantically involved with him before his wife Tulip (Catherine Zeta-Jones) comes back and interferes.The story may sound interesting. Actually, it is not, jumping from one scene to the next without developing any of the characters. In "Lay the Favorite" you will never know anything about the betting industry. That itself is not a big problem if the film allows us to know the characters. Beth meets characters played by Corbin Bernsen, Frank Grillo, Joshua Jackson, John Carroll Lynch, Laura Prepon and Vince Vaughn. The impressive cast does their best, but frankly, we really don't care what happen to these uninteresting cyphers.The only exception to the mediocre writing is the film's protagonist Beth, who, thanks to Rebecca Hall, remains attractive even when her character is not really credible. Despite her effective acting, "Lay the Favorite" seems trying not to entertain us, by omitting or blurring critical points of her story that should be more interesting.
will probably not watch it unless they to tone down the &#34;F&#34; words, i suspect they won't so it will be just another piece of trash
Overall, this show has a great flow to it, the acting is well done, and the writing is solid. However, I'm not sure if this would really make a great series. While I feel like all of the characters are compelling and I do want to see more episodes, it's probably better as a movie or mini-series. The way the characters are setup, they're clearly all having significant moments and the resolution of that setup is best if it's short and sweet. Dragging things out over multiple episodes could make the show feel like it was meandering a bit in the interest of slowing character progression.
I used to crack up with The Onion... however, I must say, I think I've... well... out grown this sort of humor, in general.I did laugh at bits of it, but it stretches it a little too much... kinda like... okay, okay! I get it already. It gets to the point of, if you have to explain the joke, then it ain't funny. The subtleties are great, but it's more over the top than subtle.I wouldn't tune in often to watch it... but, for what it is, it's okay.
Director Terrence Malick is most certainly an acquired taste, but one I acquired early with "Badlands" (1973) and last saw in the remarkable "The Tree of Life" (2011).  It's pretty rare that he follows up so quickly given his record (10 films total).  Maybe that is the problem with this film.  And make no mistake, it's a problem.  "To The Wonder" certainly isn't a terrible movie.  Mallick's use of the outdoor landscape resonates throughout the film.  Set in Oklahoma, he edits quickly between everyday scenes.  A setting sun, a flower, an insect.  The film is sparse of dialog.Neil (Ben Afflick) has fewer lines than you can count on your fingers and toes.  He has a romantic affair in Paris with young Marina (Olga Kurylenko, "Oblivion").  She has young daughter, having been abandon by her husband.  Neil agrees reluctantly to bring her to America where they are to be married and she can get her Green Card.  Neil works for the state or federal EPA and is seen taking soil and water samples throughout the film.  Why?  Dunno.As he becomes more distant emotionally, Marina and daughter will return to France, but eventually return.  In the meantime, Neil rekindles a relationship with Jane (Rachel McAdams, "Midnight In Paris").  When she starts a discussion about marriage, Neil retreats again.  Hey, the guy doesn't want to get married!While all this is going on, Father Quintana (Javier Bardem, "Skyfall") is having his own mental issues.  Is he doing all he can do for humanity?  Should he even be a priest?  He eventually becomes a confidant to Marina, when she returns.  Marina and Neil reunite, but their bickering and emotional struggles increase to the point of being violent.  Is anything resolved?  Love isn't always perfect.  As I look back at Malick's films, this one is certainly his least impressive but perhaps most personal.In spite of my reservations about the film, there is nothing not to like about the Blu ray transfer.  Shot using 35mm and 65mm cameras, it all comes across beautifully in the 1080p picture and with a 2.35:1 aspect ratio.  The grey and brown starkness of rural Oklahoma comes across with excellent color and hue.  The contrast is spot on and the detail is excellent.  Malick's films always have great soundtracks and this one is no different.  Using DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1.  There are numerous outdoor shots with staging in Paris and Oklahoma and the range from street noise to whistling wind come through the speakers loud and clear.  I'm not sure why, but I had to raise the volume level a couple notches over my usual setting.  Subtitles come in Spanish and English SDH.  Here are the extras:*The Making of To The Wonder (HD, 10:25)*The Actors' Experience (HD, 5:54)*The Ballet (HD, 5:59)*Local Flavor (HD, 4:55)*Theatrical Trailer (HD, 1:59)
I was determined to make it to the end but I should not have been wanting the film to just be done.  The writer seems to have forgotten where the plot was supposed to go.  Scenes and actions and the choices that the characters make should be derived from the story's thesis---what was the writer's argument about life?  The writer knew the answers at the beginning and then forgot.I was bored throughout.  I got tired of staring at the main character's depressed and confused facial expressions.The main character had no direction in her life but plenty of commitment to self-centeredness.  Worst of all, I did not respect her.  Life just came along and pushed her into choices instead of her being a deliberate actor on her own behalf.  Who was she?  Where was her determination and sense of purpose?  And, finally, as far as the plot conclusion goes, where were the inevitable consequences for her lack of self-determination and purpose?
Dear Hollywood: Please stop making bad movies about Mars. The Red Planet alone is not enough to carry a movie.The best example possible is "Last Days on Mars," which has no plot or concept beyond "there are zombies... ON MARS!" I can't imagine that anyone involved put any more thought into this movie than "zombies... ON MARS!", because there is literally nothing else to it. It's a mediocre, unscary zombie story transplanted into a shallow copy of "Alien."And while it stars two actors that I adore, their good performances couldn't save this wretched pile of festering fetid celluloid -- it has no plot, no real climax, a third act that drags on forever, and characters with the depth of a shopping list.Mankind has landed on Mars, and now scientists have gone there to do... stuff. Their goals are never really explained. Then a team finds a mysterious bacterium growing on Mars, but before they can study it further, one of the astronauts falls into a sinkhole and dies. Then he comes back as a desiccated mummy, and immediately power-drills one one of his crewmates... and no, that is NOT a euphemism.Yes, the mysterious bacteria turns people -- living or dead -- into zombies, and it takes almost nothing to infect people. The astronauts frantically try to stop the zombies who (for some reason) are desperate to kill them, and must find a way off Mars before all of them are infected. And since this is trying to be "Alien" with zombies, they want to keep it from reaching Earth.It is honestly difficult to summarize this turd. Here's how I imagine the conception of this movie went: two inept Hollywood producers were sitting together, having a conversation."Hey, I've got this idea. It's zombies...""Totally overdone.""... ON MARS.""Genius! It technically hasn't been done before! We're greenlighting it!"That is the entire plot. No twists. No unexpected discoveries. No suspense about how they will stop the bacterium. It's just a string of zombie attacks that lead to nothing, placed in a third-rate "Alien" clone -- there is literally nothing to watch except the astronauts being infected and zombified one by one. It's not suspenseful, just depressing.First-time director Ruairi Robinson just doesn't have the chops (yet) to pull off a full-length movie. Most of it is shot at night, where it is impossible to see anything except darkness and clouds of red dust, and the assorted astronauts all look identical in their suits. Even worse, the ending drags on forever. The final half-hour is the longest third act I've ever seen in a movie -- just a slow, climax-free drag that finally putters out when Robinson runs out of things to do.It also has characters just deep enough to give you paper cuts. There's a halfhearted attempt to give Liev Schreiber's character a tragic past, by hinting at a disaster that has made him claustrophobic (for some reason). But the disaster is never expounded on, and it's just sort of dropped halfway through the movie. The rest of the characters can be summed up in one or two words -- Abrasive, Leader, Perky, Coward, et cetera.And honestly, the actors deserved better. Liev Schreiber gives a sort of halfhearted but serviceable performance; Romola Garai seems to be pouring her heart into a thanklessly shallow role, but she does give the movie its only moment of real pathos. There are other good actors here -- Goran Kosti&#263;, Elias Koteas -- but they're pretty much cannon fodder. Tossing out a mention of a character having kids does not make them three-dimensional."Last Days on Mars" is just another dumb, inept zombie movie, and setting it on the maligned Red Planet doesn't really improve matters. Only die-hard fans of Schreiber or Garai should even bother.
I think it's boring but the Mr. likes it.  Not much changes from episode to episode.  It must be a guy thing.
This animated sci-fi pilot waan't all that interesting to me.  I like sci-fi but only occasionally watch animated series.  I don't think I am the right demographic for this show.  This would likely appeal to young adult males.  So I don't think I'd watch any more of this.
The storyline was pretty good at first but soon got boring. I haven't completed watching it yet. Too much arguing
no story line.  not enlightening about life within the &#34;family.&#34;  presenttion of women who probably as street as their husbands.
This story was sadder than I expected at first, and the twists it contained were expected by the time they were revealed, but still very unsettling.  It was interesting to see, but I doubt if I will watch it again.
complete waste of time at least for me, absolutely no high drama here!!! after 5 minutes I had to turn to something else!!!
The premise isn't bad.  It could have been a good movie, unfortunately it wasn't.  I wish someone would understand that the POV of the camera doesn't have to be the whole movie.  They could do traditional and POV and have it make more sense.  I mean...come on...when you are running for your life you aren't going to be running with the camera eye level.So Daddy gets &#34;taken&#34; and the close knit family seems to deal with it really really well.  I mean, if my dog was &#34;taken&#34; I would be upset and mad and it would be for the whole time....not just the first hour.Then there is the autistic kid.  Um...if they didn't say he was, you would never know.Finally the hillbilly red neck mountain man.  Someone took every stereotype and made a character out of him just to have someone narrate the &#34;situation&#34; that they are in.  Like a good ol' hunter.MY ADVICE...DON'T RENT IT.  Wait for it to come on TV at 2am .
What a bunch of crap this program is.  The best original programming Amazon has produced to date, and it isn't saying much, is the Bosch pilot.Could only watch 15 minutes of this 30-minute pilot and wanted to stop at 10 minutes, but thought I would go for another five, just in case things improved, but they did not.Everything about this TV show (compared to so much available content out there) reeks of mediocrity, including the writing and acting!
Again, I did not like the start and could care less about the characters. There was nothing to draw me in.
This started off as a good follow-up to the first season, and after a while the show just got too esoteric and the characters too whiney. Things just got on my nerves and the show is now more frustrating than entertaining. Everyone complains instead of solving problems on the show. Bleck.
However it tries way too hard.  Compared to the other shows that Amazon has in the pipeline this one is just good, not great like Bosch.  I could really care less if they make it a show.
Mediocre at best. The shoddy acting is really what holds this show down, but if you can look past that then there are a few good points in it's favor. It's really hard to overlook the fact that it's so obvious that the Hood is Oliver, until this episode he didn't even bother wearing a mask. I know, I know, he had some kind of greasy face paint that did NOT fool anyone.  Oh wait, it fooled everyone. While I am facepalming thinking to myself &#34;Is everyone in this show really that stupid?? Yes, apparently they are.The action sequences are very well done, the costume and the hardware realistic.  The plot (in my opinion) is fairly cheesy and cliche. Every new character introduction is a new love interest and will, unwaveringly, develop some kind of superpower. A superpower that will, by inevitable misunderstanding, turn them against the protagonist and an entire season will be filled with correcting said misunderstanding by fist or by politics.  blah blah blah  but watchable. If I was to write a detailed review it would be summed up as &#34;fun, but predictable and overly cliche&#34;.So in summary:  If you like a show you can fast forward to the fight scenes and still know what's happening, and what's going to happen next, then this show is for you.
terrible horrible movie, no fx, no good pic, no good view, nothing, bunch of good actors after get high decide to do a terrible horrible movie ...this is a low cheap budget movie...stay away..so bad, bad director, bad producer, really this is a vomit of movie..stay away..do not buy, do not rent, do not copy, bad movie
why would anyone be interested in these women? Just bad, rude behavior that they seem quite proud of. Just no value at all.
Ha ha ha, this show is a filler of major turkey proportions. At least judging by this episode, in which Ozzy Osbourne's son (of all people) is trying to find a Skin-walker (a shape-shifting demon in Native American mythology), while some of his colleagues are on the lookout for the Ozark Howler, apparently a demon feline of some sort.Bad acting, extended scenes in complete darkness or the multi-coloured chaos of a thermal camera, and absolutely no action whatsoever - that seems to be the concept behind "Haunted highway". The investigators come across as super-gullible, at one point confusing the Ozark Howler (which is supposedly the size of a cougar) with a racoon or possum!Sure, it's an entertainment show, but I admit I wasn't. Entertained, that is. Judging by the Youtube comments, the average viewer of "Haunted highway" is a 15-year old sexually starved boy with a bad crush on Dana, Ozzy Junior's female (feline?) assistant. I admit *that* was pretty entertaining. And yes, it *is* somewhat strange that both Dana and Devin can keep their make-up on after two days chasing monsters in the wilderness...OK, let me guess. This show is...scripted?Sorry, this episode only gets one star - and I doubt the search for the El Dorado Hell Hounds or Louisiana Swamp Woman get much better than this. Besides, I doubt the Swamp Woman can beat Dana & Devin's make up, LOL.This is a real "ghost turkey".
Two thousand years ago, northern Britain's native people, the Picts, rallied against the Romans.  In the northernmost outpost, a small garrison was massacred, except for second-in-command Quintus Dias (Michael Fassbender).  He is rescued by the Roman's Ninth Legion, commanded by popular General Virilus.And then the Picts take on the Ninth Legion.So this is a sword. spear, and archery intensive, blood spattering (as in the300), chase, get caught, and escape type movie.The Romans, supposedly one of the most sophisticated and well-trained armies of the world, don't fare very well.  And why does escape seem to involve tramping over snow-covered mountain ridges, sensuThe Lord of the Rings?  Aren't there better ways to escape detection and get from point A to point B?There were just enough problems like this that made the plot irritating.  Be warned.
really liked the TV series The Closer, gave this series a try when The Closer ended, Season 1 & 2 of Major Crimes are okay but Mary McDonnell is not as likeable or interesting as Kyra Sedgwick's Brenda character
I think it was the acting that blew it for me. Jafar was the only character that stood out for me. The queen and Will were so obnoxious and unbelievable as actors. Alice was fine but still not interesting. I was excited because it was a spin off from one of my most fave tv shows ever!!! But, it really didn't live up to .... idk. If I never watched another episode and it lasted for another 2 seasons, I don't think I would be missing anything.
Maria Wern is somewhat of a standard cop series with some twists. Maria (Eva Rose) is a lead detective on Gotland Island alongside Sweden's mainland. She is somewhat damaged goods from the loss of her fellow officer husband who left behind his son and daughter and Maria. She is numb from the loss as well as from what she see's and has to deal with at work, but does try to have a relationship with an old flame. Eva's looks and on screen personality exude tough competent cop to a Tee and she does a very good and realistic job playing lead detective Wern. Her fellow cast members help sell the story and add layers and depth to the show and its stories.The direction is good and the locations and cinematography have many breathtaking views that add a sense of being there with the cast and crew. The cinematography ( aerial, towns and cities, seascapes and landscapes)  alone are worth the time to watch this show.  The writing is solid with interesting stories and good dialogue, but they do lack some details that hinder the stories somewhat . The show does have some violent scenes (as expected for a cop show) , but nothing to graphic and the murder scenes can sometimes be pretty graphic, but again not as bad as many other shows of this genre. The dialogue contains at times cursing and in the last few episodes they even contain the f&#8230;word here and there. There is no graphic nudity or sex scenes, but some lovemaking scenes that are really tame and cut away before things get going.This is a must see cop show that does touch on the realities of cause and effect on the people who enforce the law. Its not the best, but it is well worth the time to get to know Maria and her squad crack the cases that are handed to them.
This show is poorly made, unprofessional, and boring. The host seems to barely know what he is talking about, and the content is filled with speculation and rumors. Don't waste your time!
Example: scientist walks into the bar where there is only 1 patron & the bartender.  That patron, the pilot who shot down the UFO asks the scientist to his table & in his second sentence, he's hitting on her.  Unexplainable given he had just been on the phone with his girl friend begging her not to break up with him.Example: scientist shows credential at the gate to a secure military base holding the UFO.  Guard doesn't have it verified. Really?  Then, scientist doesn't or can't go into the hanger & examine the UFO with the other scientists.  Why doesn't she verify what's she's seeing?Then when she & the pilot go to the hospital, they are admitted without it being verified they can have access.  Hunh?
My big problem with this film is that it simply does not flow. It's like a composition that meanders all over the place and does not fully explore any thesis. Characters do things which one simply wouldn't do in real life. If I was a graduate student at Oxford, I surely wouldn't drop the "F" bomb on a Don whom I want to become my mentor. Romantic relationships appear "out of the blue." Some characters disappear into thin air and the plot is so disjointed that I felt the whole thing was a waste of time. It's a pity because the trailer looked good and Lenora Watling is certainly easy to look at, but Elijah Wood is just plain HORRIBLE and quite frankly, other than her looks, Ms. Watling doesn't impress much either. Hurt spends his time pontificating and the whole thing is a jumble. Don't bother with it.
Although showing excellent production values and acting, I found this series disappointing. It seems to be edging away from the detective thriller mode into the horror-macabre mode, with scenes added for the benefit of masochistic viewers who want to experience fear and revulsion.
Not sure if I would watch long it was just curiosity that made me watch.  I don't know if I will watch anymore
Formulaic apocalyptic &#34;thriller&#34; with: scripture quoting prostitute who goes &#34;Full Monty&#34;, lots of gratuitous brutality, standard issue homosexual and racist elements and even a seemingly unkillable tattooed alien who treats us to a few new phrases in his/her dialect,  Oh yeah, they economized on the script by using the &#34;F&#34; word for more than 25% of the dialogue.
Something to watch, somewhat entertaining.  If you are the kind of person that is annoyed by hollywood stereotypes of rural people, you'll be annoyed.  If you are the kind of person that likes realism in your movies you'll be really annoyed.  But if you like more or less mindless action (I kind of do) and can ignore the BS stereotypical "art/social commentary/propaganda message" crap, it's not a bad movie as far as action goes.  And they used great cameras and professional directing.  But they leave a major part of the plot unresolved.  Also, it's extremely annoying that people are able to just brush off major injuries that would put incapacitate the average person or at least slow them down.  The worst example of this involves the girl's brother.  But I could go on and on about the realism, there isn't any.  The way guns work is also completely unrealistic but typical hollywood.  I'm not going to give this two stars only because the camera work is so well done and there is plenty of action.
IT was ok not refiting could have been more stimulating to my senses perhaps or not, three stars is sufficient
this is for either teenagers or adult women kind of show. I doubt most men would enjoy it. It is okay nothing great.
Just the redheaded reporter is enough to warrant a look-see into this Stephen King based series.. Dont get hooked because series gets cancelled I bet LOL
With a dour and uninspiring script, the fabulous acting and the remarkable photography are wasted in this grim look at the future, 10 years &#34;after the collapse.&#34; Post apocalyptic films are quite common, and many of them can be grim, but even in the grimest of films there is someone or something to root for. This films give you virtually no one to identify with. There are the bad guys, the very bad guys, and the even worse guys, with only the occasional transient character who might have some redeeming quality. The film is not enhanced by pseudo-aboriginal music that tantalizes the listener that perhaps some symbolic native magic is in store, but it never comes.
Though Louie CK clearly has a degree of talent, He relies much too heavily on emphasis on sexual matters.  It actually detracts from his abilities as a comedienne.  The man had a story to tell, but the plethora of sexual remarks clouded the narrative.I would not recommend this series unless you have a high tolerance for what I consider offensive language when it is used so freely.
No complaints about this movie.  I would recommend this movie to others. It was not boring kind of slow and easy going.
Funnier than I thought.  My husband wanted to watch this so bad, and I was hesitant.  The newer seasons are better!
I have high hopes for this, because the onion were really funny. I watched it till the end, but when the credit rolls out, I dont think I care to watch the next episode, if they have any. It has some funny moments, but It feels like it was just... okay, nothing special that makes me care about the show. I like Jeffrey Tambor from Arrested Development, and the other guy from 30 Rock, but this pilot fet like it needs something more, imo.
Ah, love to love the boys and their casts. Crowley's lost his charm, Kevin is a darling, the reintroduction of some characters we truly love and the boys having a "home" is great.. But the variations on the poor Sam getting a bit wore out. Would love to see this show go another five years, but, they are going to really need to get a decent story line, or better monsters.The introduction of strong women hunters (as well as demons) is always a plus.Stay tuned for possible revisions.Once again, the main or is it the side story, is a bit confusing and disjointed and doesn't seem to go anywhere.. It's night quite as bad as the Leviathan storyline- which actually was pretty good once it played out- but confusing. The show hasn't been able to recreate the Cas magic, and seem to want to refuse to, even when the potential is there. Meanwhile, we'll keep hanging in there just because, well, it's the boys.Stay tuned- spoilers from mid-season finale may change the majority of what is written above.
need better stories; seems like the same old thing just with a different &#34;monster&#34;.  I wish they hadn't killed off Cutter.
I was hoping for a bit more Larkrise to Candleford - some of the same actors are in this, but it just did not grab my attention like Larkrise. I couldn't latch onto any character that I liked.
Unlikely plot, single lonely astronaut. Looks pretty, makes no sense.
Ugh, I can't take it - making the presidents right hand man involved in terrorism ?! The first lady clinically insane.  Then making you think it's the vice pres, then it turns out to be the president himself.  Uhhh, yeah, right. I thought at first at least they didn't do another mole in CTU (which they had done every single stinkin season).......then, turns out they did have someone in there following the 'right hand mans' orders! But he 'thought' he was doing the right thing.  Either way, STOP RECYCLING THE EXACT SAME PLOT LINES.  And they still have everyone respond to anything with "I understand".  Choose a different line once in awhile !  I give this 1 star, no idea why this has an average of 4 1/2 stars.  This is by far the worst of the first 5 seasons I've watched. It's more boring daytime soap opera than action/drama like the seasons before this one.  Feel free to skip this season, I wish I had.
I'll try to be succinct:  1.  This isn't as good as the original, regardless of the cgi or special effects, which, btw, are cheesy and not so good - especially the graphic of Saturn (with a missing lower half of the orb) and especially the godawful spaceship.  As bad as the original spaceship was, it is better than this one.2.  Do we need 7 minutes of credits from the 'producer', 'executive producer', 'co-executive producer', 'executive co-executive associate producer', etc. etc.? I'm surprised the FOX logo isn't placed in the lower right of the screen for the entire episode - thank god it isn't. 3.  I'll wait for the complete series to come on DVD and then borrow it from the library, for free.
It seems that in order to get away from the sheer sameness of most episodes - Hank goes somewhere - someone has an emergency - Hank saves his/her life - there are complications which Hank figures out, the writers have added new plots - many of which are silly - Paige and Hank's brother almost don't get married because no one can show up in a Hamptons snowstorm - postponing a day or two not an option. Hank's mysterious landlord is virtually into black ops because his relative in Budapest is trying to have him killed - Hank hops over to Hungary and convinces the wannabe murderer to hire him - sees the landlord's half brother murdered - does not go to police and hops back to the Hamptons. Moreover, the acting and characterization, while attempting more depth, have gone slack. There are so many plot points that none stands out; one can drop in anywhere without much sense of having missed anything crucial. It was a nice show - never great - but nice. It should be over.
To start with, once again we are seeing some suspiciously polished five star reviews. This show, however, is not at all five star worthy by any honest stretch of the imagination. The show has low production values, low budget actors, and consequently poor acting. And for a crime show it makes leaps and jumps that make it impossible to follow, which means there is no chance that the viewer will ever figure out who the killer is. As well, there is a lot of product placement -- even more so then usual nowadays. The show also is something of a surreptitious pro-smoking cigarette commercial, with all the young hip, cool people conspicuously enjoying - really enjoying -- their cigarettes. That this show lasted four years is more of an indictment on our society and our exceedingly low expectations than any evidence that it was a "successful" program. Below are some sites you can check out about the very common practice of fake reviews. Small businesses are popping up all over who profit from full time fake review writing. Check it out, and inoculate yourself, if you haven't already, against this despicable practice.http://www.forbes.com/sites/suwcharmananderson/2012/08/28/fake-reviews-amazons-rotten-core/http://www.wikihow.com/Spot-a-Fake-Review-on-Amazon.Comhttp://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/sep/23/new-york-fake-online-reviews-yoghurt
I bought this once 2 years ago and will never buy again I can only watch on amazon or with amazon software and could never burn this is not buying or owning this is rentingAnd I'm not falling for it again this also why I don't buy from iTunes
There islet tail in this series. There are times when it seems 'acted'. In other words it fails to hold my attention. Needs better writing and acting.
Set in the year 2707, a sci-fi action film "Mutant Chronicles" revolves around a group of soldiers on a mission to stop and destroy the "Machine" deep under the ground, that turn humans (dead or alive) into hostile "mutants." Though the storyline sounds very familiar ("Resident Evil," for instance), it has got potential. It could be a very enjoyable film with well-made actions, which "Mutant Chronicles" sadly lacks."Mutant Chronicles" offers lots of battle scenes, some of which are violent and gory. As to the gore and violence of "Mutant Chronicles," I have little to no problem with them simply because they are not very impressive here. Murky photography, badly-staged actions and bland choreography only make the viewers feel "What is happening?" And you have to sit through the convoluted, sometimes implausible story. I like the designs of weapons and machines, but the obvious use of special effects is very disappointing.The cast is interesting: Thomas Jane, Ron Perlman, Devon Aoki, Sean Pertwee, Benno F&uuml;rmann and Anna Walton, who was Princess Nuala in "Hellboy II." John Malkovich briefly shows up as a religious leader, but he has little to do in the story."Mutant Chronicles" is based on the game franchise. Well, that's what they say. I don't know anything about the source material, but I judge from what I read on the net (including some commentaries from the angry reviewers) that the film's story is not very faithful to the game universe. Perhaps a faithful adaptation needs a budget of "Lord of the Ring." What we have is the filmed version that is neither terrible nor particularly amazing.
I remember being so psyched during the entire first season of HEROES, and yet we all know how it went downhill after that first season (I still blame the writers' strike). I didn't have that same level of excitement when watching the first few episodes of ALPHAS, and maybe it's partly a case of fool me once... ALPHAS doesn't present as intriguing or sweeping a mythology as HEROES, or as sprawling a cast. It lacked that sense of grandeur. Still, ALPHAS makes for decent viewing for comic book fans like me. After the dismal showings of NO ORDINARY FAMILY and THE CAPE, I'm just glad the networks are still throwing superhero televison a bone.If you're down with the X-MEN comics, then nothing in ALPHAS will throw you for a loop. There's a creaky familiarity to ALPHAS, with X-MEN having done it first and better. Instead of "muties," the mistrusted super-powered contingent in this world are labeled "alphas." In Season One, our point-of-view character is Cameron Hicks (generic handsome hunk Warren Christie), a grocery clerk who'd served time in the military. Hicks boasts unerring marksmanship coupled with unnatural grace and athleticism, except that Hicks tends to buckle under pressure and so is unable to consistently perform up to his potential. Still, when he becomes a suspect in an implausible fatal shooting, it doesn't take too long before he's recruited by the government-sanctioned team of alphas dedicated to solving alpha-related crimes.Part of my "meh" attitude springs from the overall blandness of the characters, even though they do exhibit an array of interesting abilities. There's an FBI guy (Malik Yoba) who can, at will, trigger his endocrinal "fight or flight" response, endowing him with temporary strength and durability, except that his channeling of this talent has a detrimental affect on his health. Britisher Ryan Cartwright, who last we saw had a dramatic death scene in BONES, plays an autistic young technopath, meaning he can manipulate the electromagnetic field, enabling him to access even the most restricted of computer databases. There's a morally-challenged "pusher" (Laura Mennell) who bends people to her will once eye contact is made. To me, the most interesting role falls to Azita Ghanizada. She plays a fragile woman who can heighten any of her senses, although when she uses her ability, she tunes everything else out, rendering her easy to sneak up on. Not surprisingly, she's an exceptional crime scene investigator. David Strathairn has the thankless Professor X role, the on-the-surface wise and benevolent head of the alphas task force. But, as episodes unfold, we learn that Strathairn's character harbors sneaky shades of gray. I do like that all these characters present feet of clay. They all exhibit some type of flaw, and that helps to sustain interest. I only wish they were even more interesting. Strathairn's role is borderline unlikable. Warren Christie as the prohibitive male lead is vanilla.Because I like superhero stories in general, I did have fun watching Season One. But it's no breath of fresh air, no game changer. I watch it on Cable On Demand, don't value it highly enough to DVR it. You see where the narrative is heading. The overarcing conflict plays out in familiar ways. The episodes give you just enough steak but not enough sizzle. I did like the moral ambiguity exhibited with regards to the protagonists' choices and actions. Our alphas gradually come to suspect that they may be acting in concert with the wrong side, what with the government seemingly harboring a nasty agenda concerning detained alphas. And, really, what's a thriller show without an ongoing conspiracy? I perked up a lot when the fifth episode, "Never Let Me Go," swung around and featured Dr. Vanessa Calder (Lindsay Wagner). Dr. Calder's appearance plants ALPHAS squarely in the same universe as EUREKA and WAREHOUSE 13. With EUREKA now canceled, there better be a spate of ALPHAS/WAREHOUSE 13 crossovers. 3 out of 5 stars for ALPHAS Season One. Thankfully, in Season 2, the storytelling is even stronger. The characters may yet grow on me. Even the technopath with Asperger's syndrome seems less annoying.
This is an interesting show. I like shows that deal with the paranormal and hearing these kinds of stories from celebrities is neat. Ive heard of or seen most of the celebrities featured on the show.
The first season was interesting and this second season was silly, now the third season looks soooo stupid I'm all together passing.....if you are going to buy this get the first season, the second is pretentious and not worth the money.
Like most of the reviewers here, I too am a King fan.  I have been since I was a teenager and that was many, many moons ago.  Anyhow, after the beginning scene I understood that this was going to be a condensation of the massive book as far as characters and events go.  That is understandable, therefore I am going to try to stop comparing the show to the book and just sit back and enjoy the show. It has starting out better than I expected and I am looking forward to the next installment.  Thank you Amazon for having it here!Episode 2 - Well, it has not developed as well as I hoped.  I thought the whole house fire rather badly done.  I mean, come on, the preacher should have been a crispy critter.  Instead he comes out just having a bit of a cough.  And the bucket line was a bit, no, real hokey.  There are better ways of showing the community coming together, this was just stupid.  There is no love/hate developing for any of the characters as of yet which is rather disappointing.  Not excited for this Friday show but will watch and see just because I do like King and read his letter to his fans on the shows website saying give the show a chance.  I hope things back in line, so far it has not developed any strong anticipation for the next installment.  If this Friday is as lame then I will make better use of my video watching time.  Dropping my stars down a notch.
So far too much of the focus has been on a young girl held captive in a shelter and the tweaked out guy who is holding her captive.
OK so its a guilty pleasure. I never thought id watch this ...but i got sucked in.. I think shes crazy, loud mouthed and her teaching methods border  on child abuse. ON the other hand she does get results and says she makes rl dancers that get jobs
It isn't required viewing to see Julie Delpy's 2007 film "2 Days in Paris" before diving into 2012's "2 Days in New York" to fully grasp or understand what occurs in the romantic comedy sequel, but it would more than likely help you appreciate "2 Days in New York" a bit more. However, "2 Days in New York" doesn't leave you with this overwhelming sensation to view or revisit its predecessor either. The film leaves you feeling like secluding yourself from your family and any sort of responsibility would be the absolute best thing for you when things get really hectic.This movie makes it seem like living in New York leaves you with no time to do anything ever. Maybe all of this was supposed to be funny; family members who don't know English getting away with things no normal person can just because they're from another country and being too busy to be intimate with the one you love despite talking about it all the time. It just felt sad and kind of pathetic. There's a huge emphasis on language barriers, ignorant racial jokes that are pretty preposterous, and how a simple thing like buying drugs in front of a child can really impact them. Most of the humor seems like it's stripped away for a last ditch effort just to stay on top of an already sinking ship. It's emotionally exhausting more than anything.Chris Rock is surprisingly the best part here. He really breaks away from whatever comedy he has associated himself with in the past and brings logic and reason to an already well developed character. The highlight of the movie is his scenes where he has full-blown conversations with a cardboard cut-out of Barack Obama. The whole brain tumor thing and what it leads to is amusing as well as is when Marion takes Rose to her yoga class. One of Marion's art pieces is a contract for the selling of her soul, which results in this quest for Marion where she's just searching to find herself again. It's very reminiscent of when Bart sells his soul on "The Simpsons.""2 Days in New York" just leaves you feeling drained. Its conclusion feels extremely clich&eacute;, as well. Not only could the movie have ended nearly 45-minutes beforehand, but it's something so simple that always seems to happen in movies containing this plot device. It's like shaking a Magic-8 Ball and getting an "Ask again later" type of response. Having too much on your plate and its inevitable consequences outweigh the laughs here. Even though Chris Rock is fairly impressive here, "2 Days in New York" is a frustrating attempt at romance that isn't overly amusing or charming.
These shows are interesting because of the exotic foodstuffs that they find in the baskets.  I find it amazing how many I've never even heard of before.
For the first 30 minutes or so, this seems promising. The acting and script are ok. Then, as the main character develops increasingly bizarre symptoms after her one-night stand with a mysterious stranger, the whole movie loses all credibility. No one around her seems to notice that she is beginning to look like a ... um.....zombie. She has weird blues lines all over her face and her eyes are full of blood, but the restaurant manager where she works insists that she come in and work anyway. Duh. And then the doctor she goes to completely doesn't note that she is looking like something from outerspace, not just someone with an STD. Oh well. And forget the ending. By then, it's become a comedy.
Once again TV Types get it WRONG Lying is Lying is LYING .... and so the whole premise of a person becoming better TANKS ... watch the rest on the internet for free .... don't support these writers ...
This series just drags and drags____ i lost interest and have not watched the rest of the season. I got about 3/4 of the way through the season waiting for a big moment of some sort to happen. It never happened. I may try to finish watching it
Six episodes in, the last ten minutes of Episode 4 "The Stewmaker" is worth keeping - these minutes are PERFECT in evoking the loneliness of having a really bad day - the kind the bad guys give you in Auschwitz, in Unit 731, in Manila when you dare to defy the Japanese invasion, the music is perfect, the setting, the performances even of Elizabeth Keen paralyzed = PERFECT.I can't believe the hype about the success of this show.  It kind of drags when James Spader isn't on screen and even when he is on screen, I find myself thinking that this seems to be about his paritcular style of line delivery where some of the stuff coming out of his mouth is  such nonsense like how so and so was diving the barrier reef off Belize - it sounds like Mad Libs where you just insert exotic notions here and there to create an impression like James Spader's dead eyes and drawl.  I enjoy James Spader even more now that he is weightier despite his character's penchant for hats here - it is SO close to being Truman Capote ridiculous - pulled back from tipping over the edge by James Spader's constantly pressed lips throughout the series.  Megan Boone is nice and has very cute baby feet so there is all this cuteness hidden under boring work clothes but really this show is a demonstration that James Spader can command attention in more than one way.That doesn't make the show watchable to me but the Stewmaker episode ... Red Dragon is very creepy here and the last ten minutes - I wish I could buy just that scene.The way the show is written so that James Spader is the most interesting is very similar to the kdramaThe Greatest Love - Korean Drama (4 DVD) All Region with English Subtitleswhere the show is kind of flat whenever Cha Seung Won is not onscreen and that has everything to do with the writing and not the rest of the cast as indicated by the subsequent kdrama with the same lead actress and a very similar underlying message, Master's Sun.The show gets much better with the last two episodesAnslo Garrick (No. 16), Part 1and then you really have to wonder if James Spader's character wants everyone on his hitlist taken out for him facilitated by his orchestrating their appearance as well as getting into the government's files AND inexplicably seduce Elizabeth Keen into being on his side which Elizabeth Keen probably smells if she was raised by that hardnosed cast as her foster father.However, the big thing is that the premise of his reentry into the CIA building MAKES NO SENSE and picking Elizabeth Keene - newly hatched makes less than NO SENSE - but she's being surveilled at home as a result - even in the BATHROOM - by a bunch of old dudes across the street so the whole show may be about making her bait.
There are enough similarities between The 100 andBattlestar Galactica: The Complete Series(BSG) that it merits a comparison. Indeed, The 100 even brought over a couple of BSG actors: Alessandro Juliani (Lt. Gaeta), Kate Vernon (Ellen Tigh), and Hiro Kanagawa (as Cyrus Xander in Caprica). Before BSG fans cry bloody murder, let me provide a caveat: BSG was a 5-star masterpiece, and The 100 can't touch it. But both serials are post-apocalyptic and portray the struggle of the remainder of humanity being stuck in space with limited resources and a ticking clock; furthermore, The 100 uses similar camerawork, ambience, and post-production color grading. However, the target demographic is quite different, and this has a negative impact. But don't give up if you dislike the first episode... it does get better, despite persistent flaws. Things start to get pretty wild in Episode 9.PROs+ Groovy cast+ Compelling storyline that keeps you coming back+ Occasional unexpected plot twists+ Eliza Taylor excels in her role as Clarke Griffin+ Isn't afraid to present provocative ethical/ philosophical questions (along with the mindless entertainment)+ RENEWED for a 2nd season, so no worries about being left hanging at the end of s1CONs- too many plot aspects simply just don't add up... this is mainly what separates The 100 from 5-star sci-fi productions- emotional and intellectual capacity feels constrained, as if the producers figure the intended YA demographic can't handle more- the pop music that crops up in too many scenes is unnecessary and obnoxious (although they tone it down in later eps)And a bunch of unanswered questions, including (but not limited to):- Why did the folks on the space station have so many kids? (lack of birth control? whatever the case, they surely should have had enough foresight to prevent overpopulation)- The alpha male character (of the 100 sent to Earth) becomes and stays a dictator?- What is up with the giant snake and 2-headed wildlife? Hiroshima, Nagasaki and Chernobyl didn't create giant or two-headed animals, and evolution takes millennia. While huge snakes can be found today in tropical regions, The 100 is set in a temperate climate, like Canada (it was shot in British Columbia). Not to mention, Octavia walked away from her snake encounter how?- How did youths who had previously never held a gun become sharpshooters (Episode 9) overnight?
Yet another verry stupid &#34;hollywood&#34; idea of how to &#34;fight a war,&#34; any war.  I especially liked the part where, while being hunted by an enemy who has absolute control of the air and space, the &#34;resistance&#34; find a hospital with a generator and what do they do?  They fire the generator up, light up the hospital like Times Square, and &#34;rest&#34; there for a couple of weeks.  Of course the enemy never notices this brightly lit hospital.  That's ok though, the enemy never notices them driving around, at night, in military tactical vehicles with the HEADLIGHTS ON!  Oh, and we must not forget going out on &#34;patrol&#34; while having extremely LOUD internal &#34;Ihate you, you hate me, we all love one another&#34; fights.  During which, while there is much shouting, no one is paying any attention to their surroundings.Any &#34;resistance&#34; unit, in an occupied territory,  operating like this, would be wiped out in hours.The only reason to watch this show is, there is nothing else on.
This is the one season that they could have done without.  Too much prison time and Woodberry time.  Not a good mix.  But you have to watch to keep up with the story.
This was another one of those movies with lot's of dialogue that gets muddled by the sound team! There entire conversations between the two main characters that I could not understand! It's unfortunate because otherwise it was a good movie.
I gave this TV show 3 stars mainly because of the awful OVER THE TOP sound effects and awful, hip hop music score. I had to mute or lower the "Drama Music" and cringe over the rest.The use of the sound effects is way too much and is used to over compensate for the lack of "scary". I wish they would give up on the scary part and focus on story/script (since that's what makes shows truly scary not music). This is a typical, unrealistic teenage life show with a little Sci-Fi/ Wolf thingy involved. I like the main characters. OH how I feel sorry for GEN Y. Our music generation in movies/TV was 1000% better. The father of "Allison" I have seen in way too many other TV shows ie: The Secret Circle among others.. heeds the need for new talent in U.S. Acting scene is at desperate proportions now-a-days. Otherwise, so far in Season 1 is a fun watch.
Stopped 15 minutes into the movie.  This movie wasn't so bad as it was irratating. The quips from the Satellite of Love crew didn't make up for it.  There is a vast differance between a bad movie and a bad movie that is worthy of the MST treatment.
"You're telling me to go out and get high so that I can get into rehab?" Eli (Eisenberg) has his life worked out. He has an audition to get into an elite music school, he wants his mother (Leo) to get into rehab so she can take care of his sister without him worrying. Once she is out and sober he can leave and not worry. They only problem is that his mom's test came back clean, so they need to get her high in order for her to get into rehab...sounds easy. First off this movie is not bad and it is a comedy, but not really a laugh out loud comedy. The idea itself is pretty funny and the writing is pretty clever. Jesse Eisenberg is turning into an actor who plays the same character over and over, but he is good at playing this type of kid. The movie overall is nothing special but it is entertaining and if you are looking for a mindless movie to put in and enjoy then this is a decent choice. Overall, nothing special but still a pretty good comedy that is entertaining. I give it a B.
Not quite sure what this movie was trying to be.  Really, really bizarre.Seemed a bit too focused on off-putting shock value over telling an actual story.  Most all of the kids were pretty atrocious actors, and by no means anyone's best work - be it Patton Oswalt, Knoxville, or Rob Riggle... Although Riggle was definitely the best of the bunch.  One scene in particular where he talks crap to the guy in the yellow shirt was pretty hilarious.I mean.. it's free and on demand, and I've seen plenty of worse movies from the service.  Don't go in expecting much and you'll be rewarding with 10 or so pleasant minutes out of its 104 total minutes.
This is a good movie to rent if you were into the series like I was. I'm not sure how the producers thought this was a good idea for the big screen. For people who had no clue about the series did not get any back story on the characters who participated in the movie verses the series and why.....It is like picking back up although 10 years later straight from the series....leaving out the cliff hanger from the last season though. For those who did not see the series, I'm not sure will get much from the movie other than, &#34;hey, this would be a good tv series&#34; which it would!
I was hoping is was more like &#34;flip this house&#34;, and was disappointed.  Mostly arguing with family members and not really showing great success with the home.
couldn't watch it for long.  Bad acting does not do it for me.  I like good direction and really good acting.  I do not really like method acting -being oneself just saying the words.  This is not acting.  however, even with method acting this episode failed miserably.
Unfortunately this show has little resemblance to the excellent book it is supposedly &#34;based on&#34;. Well, I guess there is a ship. Yeah, that's about it. As usual, they have taken an excellent and intelligent written work and gone for the lowest-common-denominator and dumbed it down tremendously. It's also fallen into the current trap of &#34;everything being about a virus or plague or disease&#34;. Too bad, as the book's premise was much more compelling. Go read the book and skip the show.
The first season was fun with the cast and all of it's musical numbers, now its just blah.  The music is still fun (most of the time) but most of the new cast was just not good ...
From Josh Berman ("Bones", "Drop Dead Diva", "Vanished") and Rob Wright ("Charmed", "Walker, Texas Ranger", "The Magnificent Seven") comes the medical drama series "The Mob Doctor" which premiered in September 2012 and finished in January 2013.The FOX series starred Jordana Spiro ("My Boys", "Trespass", "Must Love Dogs"), William Forsythe ("The Rock", "Once Upon a Time in America", "The Devil's Rejects"), James Carpinello ("The Punisher", "Gangster Squad"), Zach Gilfrod ("Friday Night Lights", "The River Why"), Zeljko Ivanek ("Donnie Brasco", "Argo", "Hannibal") and Jaime Lee Kirchner ("Mercy", "Carlito's Way: Rise to Power")."The Mob Doctor" revolves around Grace Devlin (portrayed by Jordana Spiro), a surgical resident who is trying to protect her brother Nate (portrayed by Jesse Lee Soffer) from being killed by mobster Paul Moretti (portrayed by Michael Rapaport), unless Grace does one job and that is to kill a man that has entered the hospital that Moretti wants dead.Grace meanwhile is helping out a mobster named Constantine Alexander, who was released from prison and has been a father figure to the family since her husband was father (who worked with Constantine) long ago.  Working for Constantine is Grace's ex-boyfriend Franco Leoni (portrayed by James Carpinello).But Grace is currently dating Dr. Brett Robinson (portrayed by Zach Gilford) and although she despised her father (who was always drunk and hurt the family), she has wanted to know who killed her father.When Grace decides not to help Moretti, Moretti comes after Grace's brother but when he's not at home, he threatens to kill her mother.  This leads to a confrontation between Grace and Moretti in which a car chase leads to Constantine's home.  When Constantine tells his former subordinate to drop his gun, he starts telling Moretti how he's nothing and he should shut his mouth.Constantine shoots Moretti and this gives new life to the former criminal who realizes, being a mobster is the life he enjoyed and now he has come out of retirement.He tells Grace that if the family leaves town, her family is safe.  Otherwise, if she stays, she must continue to honor the deal with Moretti, which has now transferred to him.Grace agrees to do Constantine jobs as in helping mobsters in hiding or people of interest who require a doctor.  As for Nate, he doesn't like the fact that his sister has to do these jobs for Constantine, so he begins working for him.Meanwhile, Grace's relationship with Constantine is strained when he finds herself having to help out criminals.But as things seem to be going OK, what Constantine doesn't know is Paul Moretti is still alive (and is helped out by Franco) and now Moretti wants revenge.VIDEO, AUDIO & SUBTITLES:"The Mob Doctor: The Complete Series" is presented in 1:78:1 anamorphic widescreen and audio is presented in English 5.1 Dolby Digital. Picture quality is good for what one can expect on DVD. Lighting is well-done and for the most part, most viewers will be pleased with the picture quality of the series on DVD. As for the audio, the series is presented in English Dolby Digital 5.1. Dialogue is clear and understandable.Subtitles are in English and English SDH.SPECIAL FEATURES:"The Mob Doctor: The Complete Series" comes with no special features.JUDGMENT CALL:We have seen many medical shows on television and today, they continue to be popular.But how can one created a medical drama series but not be considered another copycat?  Josh Berman and Rob Wright decided to throw a crime element and what if a doctor must secretly provide medical services to a mobster.While the concept was rather intriguing, the fact that the series revolves around a major mobster having to call a doctor for medical services, does get a bit overboard.Fortunately, the series is interesting in the fact that the main protagonist, Grace is not so thrilled about working with the mob and having to be under mobster Constantine's beck and call.Keeping her illegal medical services secret and trying to have a normal livelihood with boyfriend Brett, meanwhile her brother Nate is getting deeper involved with a crime family, her ex-fiance Franco is working for two mobsters who want each other dead and with so much going on in the criminal world, she's busy as it is at work.  Trying to be the best doctor and trying to solve intriguing medical cases (as her fellow doctors are doing as well).Meanwhile, you have one mobster who is thought to be dead, is very much alive and is trying to kill the mobster and all mobsters who have crossed him.There is no doubt some fascinating twist and turns in this drama series but unfortunately, viewers are not going to get any more episodes of the series as FOX had cancelled it three months after the series premiere.  The series was panned by critics and due to the plain title that turned people off and a storyline that combined the underworld of criminal organizations and a surgical resident, it was not exactly winning over viewers.  And it didn't help that a month into the show's release, the cast were not even sure why the show wasn't cancelled yet. (Note: It was reported that FOX refused to cancel "Mob Doctor" because the network only featured three new shows and waited for the other networks to cancel a new show first.)But at least FOX let the show complete its 13-episode run unlike some shows that are just canceled with no closure for fans.Granted, writers were able to end the series with the final episode but it seemed as if it was a tacked on ending just to complete the series.  Grace had been portrayed as a moralistic character and the final actions were not what I expected of her.  But there had to be an ending to give closure to fans of the series."The Mob Doctor" was not a bad series, in fact, I was entertained by it.  It's just that for a medical drama series, it focused solely on Grace Devlin and very little on its supporting cast.  With most medical dramas, they tend to rely on its ensemble cast and various storylines that revolve around them.  With "The Mob Doctor", too much was focused around Grace and with most surgical residents very busy, it was just hard to see this character always off doing underground medical services and trying to coverup illegal activities at the hospital.Overall, "The Mob Doctor" is for those who enjoyed the series or people looking for a short 13-episode drama series that combines medical drama and the mob underground.  It's not terrible but the series does get entertaining at times and may be worth someones time.
There is nothing whatsoever sexy about a nearly sixty year old slut with a hotel blanket showing her wrinkley upper arms, shoulders, and neck. Sutter is overexposing Sagal and making her looks and behavior grotesque. An elderly whore is not an interesting character. Then she gets loaded and wrecks her car with her grandchildren in it. The strong matriarch has lost her throne and turned into a nauseating loser. That's not a character study, that is not character development, that is just plain character assassination.
My son recommended this film but warned me in advance of content.  I should have stopped when I saw JACKASS was involved.  However, I continued.  To think one family terrorizing their own community, living solely on their terms with no consideration for others was glorified in anyway, kind of speaks to the state of our precious home - USA.  If you enjoy JACKASS, you'll like this too.
I MELT WITH YOU is a disturbing film - in the psychological/ psychosocial sense - but perhaps the most disturbing aspect of it is the fact that the title it is based on a song lyric, suggesting that the story may indeed be more universal than we imagine. To read the lyric is imperative to understanding the film: `(Let's stop the world) I'll stop the world and melt with you/ (Let's stop the world) I've seen some changes but it's getting better all the/ Time / (Let's stop the world) There's nothing you and I won't do/ (Let's stop the world) I'll stop the world and melt with you/ The future's open wide'When four 40-something college friends - Richard (Thomas Jane), Ron (Jeremy Piven), Jonathan (Rob Lowe), and Tim (Christian McKay) - meet up for their annual reunion, things start to spiral out of control, and a suicide pact they made as young men is revisited. A loud, and rather repulsive weekend of hardcore partying with drugs, alcohol, and sex - a binge in the beautiful Big Sur area - leads them to recognize that now they're all middle aged and not really happy about the directions their lives have taken. The fact that in their younger they made a pact while under the influence of drugs that if they were unhappy as middle-aged men, they'd kill themselves a pact they signed in blood. One of the men - Tim - is gay and is the most distraught and his decision to carry out the pact drives the remainder of the story to its end.This sad but conceivable story was written by Glenn Porter who with director Mark Pellington wrote the screenplay.  The dialogue borders on inane at times but the theme of the film is riveting. It is a disturbing story that only grows in the degree of wastefulness of lives in retrospect. Grady Harp, September 12
This is an 80's family sitcom. Mostly entertaining, while exploring family values and issues of the day. It's great to have on in the background.
I don't get the almost perfect reviews of this show - have these people watched anything else ?  I'm halfway through the first season - the acting is only OK, the characters don't really gel well together and the plots are usually so ridiculous they go beyond unbelievable.  I just finished watching Mile High where at the end, with cheesy graphics they land a 747 SAFELY on the Key West 7 mile bridge. James Bond called to say this show is ridiculous.  I keep waiting for the bad guys to burst out laughing when they are 'duped', instead of falling for what's being done on them.  And most of the shows don't move around location - one was entirely filmed in a house, another was entirely filmed in a plane, etc. This isn't a bad show - it's ok, just be very weary of all the 5 star reviews which I find very odd after watching half the first season.  I love the show Burn Notice which crushes this if you are looking for something better.
all I did was watch the trailer. It did not sound really all that interesting. Did not add it to my watch list.
Don't waste your time or money watching this show. 3 red-necks and a woman running around in the woods looking for big-foot banging on  trees and yelling to get a response. either way its not as good as I thought it would be. The people make the show and these 4 don't make it happen. It must appeal to some because it has returned for its 5th season. and don't get me  wrong nothing wrong with red-necks. yee haw  :)
This season is just silly:  talking dogs, Dorothy from &#34;Oz.&#34;I'll stick it out, hoping that it returns to more, in depth, character driven plots between Castiel, Sam, Dean, Crowley, & Kevin.
The series has lost its way and is not as focused as it was in season one.  The resurrection of the bad guy, a real &#34;Mr. Evil&#34; was a cheap shot at plot control. The rest of the cast are just a weak...  Thank heavens there was a 3rd season when things improved.RSC
'The First 48 Hours' offers an interesting view of psychological profiling. The emphasis is not on sensationalism but the efforts to find the perpetrators. The episodes chosen were usually those that took place in Harris County, Texas. Since this was a TV series, there is repetition (noted in another review) that allows time for commercials. Some episodes switch back and forth between two different criminal investigations and others address a single incident. The episodes take place in different locations and feature homicide detectives in the area. Emotions run the gamut from tragic to humorous. The narrator gives both a description and an explanation that is easy to follow. If you like this genre, the portrayal and cases are well presented. Note that this program is produced by A&E; Television Network and is probably of better quality than other similar productions. The name is derived from that 48 hour window after an investigation begins. Each episode ends with this quote: ". . . presumed innocent until proven guilty." Certainly a reminder of our criminal justice system . . . in theory and probability.Personal comment:Now I know why my 'recommended list' changed. 'Secrets of the Dead' offered several episodes concerned with WWII and military history is within my study background. The puzzle has been solved. . . it took me longer than 48 hours!
no plot, seems as if it will be a bunch of short stories in each episode. Made to order for kids under 12.
There have been other comedies about football &#34;behind the scenes&#34; before. This one is a little fresher in its approach, but was not a &#34;laugh a minute&#34; show. Seems to have some of the ingredients for a hit, but needs development of characters to be engaging.
&#34;Prime Suspect&#34;, is, as a crime-drama program, an over-all good program. However it is just too status quo: PREDICTABLE. The best thing this show has going for it is its actors; especially Maria Bello.
Not as good as some of the other ones like paranormal witness and Stranded. What evidence they do get it seems they hardly show. It's kind of laughable how they want the spirits to react to them and then freak out when they do. Not as good as the previously mentioned two, but will watch because it's about the only paranormal show going on right now.
There were two reasons why &#34;Intelligence&#34; caught my eye: First, I was a fan of lead actor Josh Holloway on LOST.  Second, I was intrigued by the concept of a man being &#34;plugged in&#34; to the Internet at all times.  However, while the acting on &#34;Intelligence&#34; is quite solid and the underlying concept is indeed interesting, the show is set up to be little more than a case-of-the-week action slugfest.For the basic premise, &#34;Intelligence&#34; revolves around &#34;Project Clockwork&#34; of the American future's Cyber-Terrorism center.  Gabriel (Holloway) has had a chip implanted in his brain that allows him to be connected to the information grid at all times.  An unforeseen aspect of the experiment, however, is that Gabriel is also able to extrapolate on the data, making him a useful tool at crime scenes.  Created by Dr. Cassidy (John Billingsley), overseen by Lillian Strand (Marge Helgenberger), and partnered with Riley Neal (Meghan Ory), Gabriel is called upon each week to help solve another seemingly impossibly, usually politically-oriented case.To be frank, I am not a huge fan of &#34;case of the week&#34; shows.  Basically, I have become spoiled by the storytelling conventions of shows like &#34;LOST&#34;, &#34;Homeland&#34;, and &#34;Mad Men&#34;, for example, where plots and characters are continued for episodes or seasons.  &#34;Intelligence&#34; is not that type of show.  Besides its &#34;Pilot&#34; and maybe a little bit into the second episode, it becomes little more than a new case for Gabriel and Riley to solve each week.  Some viewers are perfectly fine with that type of storytelling, but I tend to get antsy (the only week-by-week show that could ever hold my interest was &#34;The X-Files&#34;).Another part of the problem is that the show's advertising on CBS was very misleading.  While watching the trailers and viewing other promotional materials, it looked like a show about a guy trying to find his missing wife (and using the chip in his head to do it).  Well, that plot line was essentially dropped (though perhaps not for good) after the second episode, with all the rest (at least to episode 7 after which I stopped watching) focusing on a &#34;plot of the week&#34;.Thus, I made the decision to drop &#34;Intelligence&#34; from my weekly viewing slate.  Though Holloway is superb as the leading man (in fact, I wish them would let him emote even more, but too often he's just quipping tough and running around) and the &#34;Internet brain chip&#34; concept is enticing, there just isn't enough here to sustain my interest week-to-week.
In true Real Housewives fashion, it delivered the best demonstration of cattyness (not sure if that is a word) amoungst grown women in the 21st century. Darling, really can't we all just get along? (in fakey english accent)
I loved the first 2 seasons, well ther were shades of it sliding into soap opera land at the end of season 2, but I'm emotional invested. That is all  changing. Harvey is flying off the handle way too much, and whom is sleeping with whom is getting so boring!!!!! They could really benefit from going into the court room more--like the Goodwife. This one is sliding off the rails&#8211;&#8211;if doesn't improve, this will be my last season. The writers need to take lessons from the Breaking Bad crew.
I would much rather read or watch fictional mysteries because I find true crime a sordid occupation after a while.  But I liked how the authors explained how their writing was inspired by the true story.
Horror anthologies have made a triumphant return. With "V/H/S" and "The ABCs of Death" being released in 2012 and being surprisingly good, these modern takes on the horror anthology are in the same vein as "The Twilight Zone," "Creepshow," and "Tales from the Crypt." Less than a year has passed since the release of "V/H/S," an anthology revolving around the handheld perspective, and here we are getting its sequel "V/H/S/2." "V/H/S/2" won't sway those who hated the first film, but is bound to appeal to those who did.The wrap around story, known as "Tape 49," has Larry (Lawrence Michael Levine) video taping a husband cheat on his wife before getting caught, barely escaping, and then meeting up with his partner Ayesha (Kelsy Abbot) to investigate a missing college kid. Going through the window of a broken down apartment, Larry and Ayesha find a multiple TV setup similar to the one in the first film with the same stacks of video cassette tapes lying around and the addition of a laptop computer. Naturally, Larry has Ayesha watch the tapes to try to find a lead while he investigates the house.Stories include an eye injury leading to a bionic eye implant with a recording chip and glitches that allow the recipient to see the dead, a bike ride in the woods interrupted by zombies, a man promising that he's found a way into paradise, and the pranks of teenagers thankfully being put to rest by an alien abduction.The eye injury story, "Phase I Clinical Trials," has an interesting concept, but a lame execution. It just feels like more could have been done with the glitching aspect and the climax in the pool is underwhelming. The zombie bike ride, "A Ride in the Park," is intriguing. The main character is bitten while wearing a camera strapped to his head, so you basically see the life cycle of a zombie from his perspective. Victims are infected, change rapidly, and throw up a nasty black liquid. There's also an up close and personal shot of the victim eating intestines that is just disgustingly great."Safe Haven" is the crowning achievement of "V/H/S/2." A man referred to as Father (Epy Kusnandar) leads a cult that is promised a trip to paradise and a journey to immortality. Watching the horror that unfolds is unreal and it's particularly strong. The ending is both outrageous and completely satisfying in the sense that the blood never stops flowing, but the final scene is likely to make you roll your eyes and snicker. Closing out the tapes is "Slumber Party Alien Abduction," which is a rather disappointing effort from "Hobo with a Shotgun" director Jason Eisener. Seeing the pranks the kids play gets tiresome very quickly. Its most inventive concept is the dog's perspective, but there's a particularly creepy sequence on a pier and the loud commotion featured whenever the aliens appear is unsettling.Featuring returning "V/H/S" directors Simon Barrett and Adam Wingard and uniting them with new directors Eduardo Sanchez ("The Blair Witch Project"), Timo Tjahjanto ("The ABCs of Death"), Gregg Hale, and Gareth Evans ("The Raid: Redemption"), "V/H/S/2" is a smorgasbord of horror and violence filled with a variety of ups and downs that is sure to whet the appetite for those craving a bloody trip through hell.
life already has this pace this feeling of ennui and helplessness. if you would like to increase your sense of ineptitude and undesirability, watch this film.
Admittedly we're only 6 episodes in but sadly there's been a big drop in comedic quality since season 15. Something has gone sadly wrong this year where the normally sharp satire has been replaced with parodies of TV shopping networks, other TV shows and 'specials' that don't make any sense in the South Park universe (Cartman becoming Jewish?).I've been a huge fan of South Park for years, often wondering how they manage to maintain quality for such a long running show. But unless things improve soon, it looks like season 16 may be South Park's "Simpsons moment", marking the turning point where the show loses its edge. Are the best days still to come for Stan, Kyle, Kenny and Cartman? Please prove me wrong.
The support characters add more to the story than the &#34;star&#34;. I don't recommend because the episodes are too similar.
Another dumb comedy about teens and high school . Not funny and the music is awful and sounds like its from rejects from American Idol or The Voice .
I enjoy the series on regular TV.I would recommend that everyone would enjoy this show.Easy to understand and good clean subject matter.
I didn't like it at all.  The same characters are used as in the first season playing different parts.  I didn't find it interesting but more on the bizarre & weird side.  There was no &#34;tie in&#34; into the first season's parts played by the same actors like I had hoped.  The writers are borrowing from aliens to &#34;Snake Pit&#34; to Hitler's reign with no continuity.
Show starting to find reasonable plots hard to find, but I enjoy the actors and their characters therefore I found the series enjoyable.
it didnt feel like the characters or actors actually knew each others characters.  it was okay but not good enough for me
"Last Night" stars four gifted players Guillaume Canet, Keira Knightley, Eva Mendes and Sam Worthington. It also has Peter Deming's nice, atmospheric photography and Clint Mansell's mesmerizing score. Largely set in New York, the film has everything that would make a witty and insightful drama about loyalty in marriage, with a realistic look on married life, told in a romantic but not sentimental fashion. Sadly, well-acted as it is, the film lacks something emotional that would draw the viewers into the characters' world."Last Night" follows the story of married couple Joanna (Keira Knightley) and Michael (Sam Worthington) living in New York. While Michael is in Philadelphia for a business trip, Alex (Guillaume Canet) Joanna's ex-boyfriend arrives from Paris to meet her. In the meanwhile, Michael in Philadelphia is alone with his co-worker Laura (Eva Mendes), and he is clearly attracted to her.What will they do? The unpredictable story has some touching moments, but after all, it is very hard for us to care about these characters, especially Sam Worthington's Michael. His uninteresting character works against the film's attempt at creating suspenseful romance. Knightley and Canet fare much better, but with barely enough chemistry to make us believe the flimsy back story of the characters they play, their romantic relationship is not very involving."Last Night" is a drama that is sometimes pretentious (see the ending) but overall watchable, thanks to the compelling performance from Keira Knightley.
This could have been good..it could have been great. But, in order to please blood-thirsty audiences, I assume, too many scenes were sensationalized with blood, violence, and gore and a huge turn-off.
My wife and I like the first two seasons more than this one.  Seems off the rails to us.  The main character, Annie, comes off as very lucky instead skilled.  The other seasons where more effective at showing her developing her CIA skills.  Hopefully season four will come available on Prime soon and we can see if things change.
The premise of this show, in which two seemingly everday females tackle supernatural evil, is an intriguing one.  However, it's obvious the show is written by men, and so I think that will lose much of any female audience it could have otherwise snags - a market that is poorly unaddressed in the world of animation.  I'll give it a couple more episodes, to see if they work out the kinks, but at this point - it might as well be two male heroes yet again.
`All good things `is a story which would be a constant fodder for the tabloids and the likes of Nancy Grace. The story is about a rich boy, his problematic childhood and subsequent problems. It is also a murder mystery about the disappearance of his wife, whose whereabouts are still unknown almost thirty years after.Sanford Marks (Frank Langella) is a prominent real estate developer who owns several prime properties in NYC. He has two sons, one of them is David Marks (Ryan Gosling), who is expected to join the fathers business but is not interested in it. Damaged and devastated since he accidently witnessed his mothers' suicide many years ago, he seeks life away from the family wealth and finds it in the arms of Katie Marks (Kirsten Dunst). His father displeased eventually agrees to this match and the newlywed couple settles down in Vermont operating a small home goods store. Circumstances however force David to rejoin his father's business and this begins his downward spiral, resulting in the disappearance of his wife and his eventual life as a fugitive posing as a woman in Galveston, Texas.The movie is inspired from the real life story of Robert Durst and this is the films uniqueness. The real life events have been fictionalized and presented in a lively manner. All the actors are top notch, Ryan Gosling excels in another unconventional role and Frank Langella is the evil dad avatar. Kirsten Dunst is the real revelation as she plays the part of a smart but ultimately gullible woman unable to fit in to a world that she does not belong. She conveys the anguish and the destruction of her dreams with such finesse that you begin to sympathize with her. Hers is the best written role. "All Good Things" is definitely great in parts and is appealing because they have a ring of truth which probably occurred. I liked it mostly because of the well known cast and some great acting. Three stars. 6/6/2011
I found the storyline boring. Every character has been done before & the combination of 8 different people thrown together is old.
Trite, disrespectful. Dishonors the dead and the people involved and affected by death...including the audience. From the first minutes it's as if we were watching an episode of Desperate Housewives where murder is a joke. We all deserved to seen life treated with reverence and value.  Shame on whoever presented this disgrace, must be a sociopath. A death is not merely an inconvenience in an otherwise sunny day. The question is not, will the cop ever be able to have his anniversary dinner with his wife. The folks involved in the show should be ashamed but they must be clueless to do this.
This is one of the 'must pass' shows of the season. Bill Pullman plays the president in a comedy ensemble--trying to convince viewers that the 'First Family' also has problems like other Americans.It would be a great premise, except the scripts really suck. In the pilot, the eldest son Skip Gilchrist Jr. (Josh Gad) manages to get himself booted from college. Not only that, but the audiences are supposed to actually believe that in the 21st century, these pyrotechnic exploits would not make the 24-hour and international news cycle. Somehow everything is kept esentially hush-hush. It's dropped after the pilot?Since Skip's higher education career essentially ended, he's now trying to help out dad. He does this by unwittingly botching a tennis game which dad was supposed to let the visiting elected official win. Again, no concept of reality. If the President knows about diplomacy, he is not going to let his idiot clown son screw up a social event. Appearances do matter.I wonder who had connections at the network to authorize this series?
Am I missing something here?An entire season on one(1) disc and a running time of 60 minutes.No thanks, especially at $31.89
It was exciting to see the All Stars go head to head..but..thought in the end..it came with a slant, left me feeling disapointed
Kroll is a genius when he taps his comedic talents correctly.  Unfortunately, this show does not do him any justice.  The skits are absurd and ludicrous, but never funny.  Just amusing.  The characters are more annoying and off-putting than they are fun to watch.There are a few skits that will make you laugh, but most of the season is just a waiting game: waiting for something to be funny.  Unlike his character on the League, who is ALWAYS funny, this show's offerings are pretty lame.I recommend you watch The League instead.
Based on the pilot, this is a show I'd watch again.  It did it's job: I found most of the characters interesting and would like to see what happens to them next.The nerd stereotyping for comedic effect got a little heavy-handed, but it was still entertaining.
This show used to be everything one could hope for in Reality TV.  The characters were real, the setting was real, the &#34;action&#34; showed real process.Sadly, with this season, the producers rolled out a new over-wrought title block and a new production outline that has substituted fakey acting and dialog for the old idea of showing the process of &#34;Restoration&#34; at which they used to be so good.Now the show has devolved to be just another gabfest, and largely a waste of time.Its just sad.
Why in the world was this show produced? It's horrible. I couldn't force myself to finish. Ugh. Such a complete waste of time.
Abby is doing what she said in season 2 she wouldn't with the team replacements. Christie is the star. We bet on what she will say next. No one does a smart ass comment like her. You want to feel good watching. The show was more fun earlier. Also I paid for prime just to watch this show and justified.. then I don't know if I can even watch them anyway
Centurion, a Roman empire epic set in Britain in 117 AD, has many of those qualities we see in the best of this genre: A plot line as empty as Gladiator's; self-polishing abs breast plates for all officers; and Life of Brian's attention to historical accuracy. It adds blood arcing for some distance into the sky when a lance meets an eyeball. And there are two feral lady barbarians, one blond with what looks like bad teeth (Aeron, played by Axelle Carolyn) and one brunette, whose teeth look just fine, as do her breasts (Etain, played silently by Olga Kurylenko). The brunette fancies skins when she goes out hunting Romans in the deep winter forest and scanty skins when in a hut.Centurion, in other words, is as silly as they come. Briefly, it's about an attempt by the Ninth Legion, led by General Titus Flavius Virilus (Dominic West), to march north into what is now Scotland and eliminate the Pict threat. Evidently Virilus never read up on the fate of Publius Quinctilius Varus, no general but a good administrator. Marching deep into the Teutoburg Forest in what is now Germany, he and his three legions were attacked by combined Germanic tribes. Varus committed suicide in the middle of the battle. His three legions disintegrated. Probably 20,000 or more Roman soldiers died compared to a handful of barbarians.General Virilus, virile and confidant, who didn't read his history, marches his men into the thick forests of Pictland.  Flash forward to the next day. Virilus is in chains in the squalid camp of the Pict king. Most of his men have been slaughtered. Later, a handful of survivors led by Centurion Quintus Dias (Michael Fassbender) try to rescue him. No luck. The Pict king's young son is killed and the general dies in a forced fight with Etain. The seven Romans escape and head south with a handful of Pict hunters (led by Etain and Aeron) hot on their trail. Pict hunters die one by one; the Roman seven almost die one by one.What's good about Centurion? The make-up and the set-designer. Picts look as dirty and flea-bitten as their filthy encampments. Most of the Romans look as filthy as the Picts. There are stunning, craggy, shivering cold scenes of the Highlands.What lacks in Centurion? Characters we can give even a small hoot for. Most of the time we can't remember one from another. Fassbender seems to be a rising star, but all he's called upon to do in this movie is fight, run monotonously and look tired. Only one actor in the cast stands out as tough and smart, and that is that fine actor Liam Cunningham. He's made a lot of drek, but look for him inShooting the Past,Dog SoldiersandThe Wind That Shakes the Barley. The movie's battle scenes, particularly Virilus' march north, is shot only to show slashing swords and more spurts of blood. There's no way to follow the battles. A plot also is lacking. The first third is an excuse for gore. The last two-thirds is an excuse for gore and long-distance running. The roles of Etain and Aeron are a sop to the 18-29-year-old audience the director seems to care most for.Centurion is not a movie. It's a mediocre comic book for all those who love abs-enhancing armor, horsehair helmet crests and the inspiring National Geographic maps showing the Roman Empire at its greatest extent.
I loved Melancholia, so I rented this movie since it was another Lars von Trier film.  I had heard a lot of outrage over this film being pornography, but outside of a scene in the final 5 minutes with Shia LaBeouf (which I would have not even realized but for the fact that due to all the controversy I was looking for a &#34;no no&#34; by American standards), there was no more nudity than what is seen on American cable tv these days.The plot is slow, but intriguing.  I liked Skarsgard's performance in this film and I like Christian Slater's performance as well.  Joe's father's death sequence was impactful and was the first time I've ever seen Slater really act.  Overall, I am torn with this movie. It is neither fantastic nor horrible, it just is.
After I finished watching I just sat  here not sure if I liked it or not.  It did not move me one way or the other.  The title gave away what Jeffrey Tambor's character wanted to discuss with his kids.  I don't think I liked any of his kids. Maybe I wasn't suppose to???If this is picked up (but not the only show selected) I will give it another try.
I only got the trailer and it was too late in the evening to go through the process of getting it on my computer first and then getting it on the roku.  I'm sure it's good but I really haven't seen it.
Doesn't tell us anything new but it is well made and entertaining if you care about this sort of thing.  It does drive home a basic lesson about paparazzi.  If you want to avoid them don't live in LA.  Also most of these people (except for a few A listers)  want the publicity and will scheme to get into People or US magazines.  For the A listers that have a real problem a) don't live in LA, b) drive a Honda Civic and c) dress down.  Pictures of you looking ordinary don't sell nearly as well. Oh, and avoid scandal.  That should do it.
I enjoyed all the seasons and episodes. Yea, sure there are some better than others, but if you are willing to take the good with the bad I think you'll give it 3 stars also.
Criminals are criminals.  Their behavior is repeated from one murderer, con, & fugitive.  It is still something I like to watch as human behavior is interesting.  Especially when it is so foreign from my own lifestyle.
I didn't know anything about this woman or her many marriages, but it shows the selfishness and self-centeredness that movie stars can attain, the empty lives that they can lead, and the torment that they can cause others.
An interesting concept:  survivors of pandemic confined to ships.  The acting is so/so and the dialogue mediocre, actually, most of the time a series of cliches.  Nonetheless, the series is fun and different, so I give it a &#34;pass.&#34;
&#34;The After&#34;, except for Aldis Hodge is jut plain horrible. It has no idea what it wants to be. It endlessly drags on and then further down the path to nothingness; boring as hell.
The same old same old, another cop show with a so-called best selling author sidekick. This kind of show has been done to death. ANOTHER cop show? Adding a writer of fiction cop books to the same old same old mix is something new?It was cute for the first season, all that sexual tension between them, but now that's over and now the show is slowly dying. It won't see another season.
First of all - why? Second of all - if anyone likes Pretty Little Liars simple because its so cheesy and the girls dress well, then you will not be able to stomach Ravenswood.  PLL was great its first season, but then the plot lines just kept getting dopier and dopier and finally my friend and I just gave up.  Well, we both realized that sense we're adults, it was just hard to keep watching because it was getting so ridiculously stupid.  But then with the Halloween special I thought: Okay - maybe they will wrap up some of these plot lines that have gone nowhere for five seasons.  The Halloween show was their attempt to introduce Ravenswood.  Basically Hannah's boyfriend Caleb came to &#34;rescue&#34; her from Ravenswood and he meets some other chic on the bus who is all &#34;i'm cute and in distress,&#34; and then Hannah is like, &#34;Oh i love you Caleb, so please stay in Ravenswood and help this other girl.&#34; WTF???? It's just so convoluted and completely unbelievable.  And then Ravenswood turns out to be this place with all these secrets but no one cares!
The newest housewife Yolanda is a good addition.  Taylor And Kim are Bat-s*** crazy.  Adrienne is too aloof, and  Lisa too self-involved.  Yet, like a bag of potato chips, I can't Just watch one show and walk away.  Now I'm in it for the whole series.
I loved the pilot of this show, but the second episode I didn't care for at all.  It's very violent and I haven't found a character that I can relate to.
I was bored and looking for something to watch. Even as bored as I often am, this show is not worth it. Its not an individual episode show, its more 24 with ones plot and increasing complications. And a lot of characters to keep track of. One detail that stood out and bugged me was Gillian Anderson. She's a wonderful actress, who I remember X-Files. Blond does not work.
This review was written only after having watched the pilot.The Blacklist has been set up as a mashup of Silence of the Lambs and Alias. We get creepy genius criminal-in-custody James Spader (a la Hannibal Lecter) insisting on spilling what he knows only to a young female FBI ingenue with this one being a much prettier alternative to Jodie Foster.  The interplay is similar but with the added component that Spader already knows all about her, a likely set up to his secretly being her father. (Shades of Star Wars)But Silence of the Lambs was done in 1991.  A knock off like this would feel more relevant if it had been done 20 years ago. As it is now, it feels old and stale.  The next component is the TV show Alias starring Jennifer Garner as done by JJ Abrams with a kick-ass female trying to integrate her exciting government agent life with her everyday family life, plus the turns and twists of the girl's personal relationships and people not being who they seem.  Alias debuted in 2001 so at least we're getting closer. This part of the concept is *only* a dozen years gone by.The show is watchable in part because of the casting of the two leads, James Spader and Megan Boone is fair. And it will probably be considered a hit, but mostly because of how dumb and awful most network TV is.  You'll have to suspend your disbelief mightily though with regards to this portrayal of the inner workings of the FBI which looks and feels fake...another thing it has in common with that old trod ground called Alias. And notably the casting of Harry Lennix as the guy-in-charge at the FBI doesn't ring true but it does follow the current New State Religion where TV and movie fiction goes out of its way to cast black actors in positions of authority in which they never are in real life.
This movie angered me a little, saddened me a little, and even scared me a little, but I was interested until the end. I need closure and I have my suspicions, but I recommend for fans of stories based on real-life instances.
I was on this edge with this one. Main character mumbles a lot and hard to understand. This particular episode is Hollywood standard "white man bad - Native American good"  tripe. Tiring. Another episode they let a bear go after it killed a guy. More Hollywood fantasy. A fed bear is dead bear unfortunately, no matter how nice it is. Improbable. I'm Sorry I paid for it.
I like some musicals.  Don't care for Glee.  But that's mostly because of the high school setting.So I was ready to give this a try after choosing some of the other pilots I thought better of at first.  And I'm beginning to find that what I thought would be good was not so much.  And some of the one's I skipped I shouldn't have.The musical numbers are good enough to be amusing and hold interest.They should kiss Bebe Neuwirth's feet in between steps for being on this show as it's the only reason I even thought to try it.  She is fantastic.I got a kick out of the opening blurb about beware this has musical numbers.  That helped to take the spirit of the show as tongue in cheek.  So for people using criticism that they didn't like the musical numbers, I think they were well warned.As a musical (show), I guess you'd have to take the quality of the singing into account and perhaps the song writing too.  But I think both were good enough.  I did start to feel the opening number drag on.  But in the context of introducing the show for what it is completely appropriate and well done.  If you can continue to watch after that, you might find you really enjoy this show.To that end I did start to suffer some fatigue at the musical numbers, but just when I started to check the time remaining it was over.  I realized it had charmed me enough to sit through the whole thing without realizing I had.I definitely would like to see this show get a chance to continue.  What I fear is that it's not sustainable.  But I'd like to find out.The characters are starting out too stereotypical.  I'm sure that's "pilot-itis".  If they can flesh out the characters and be less stereotypical then it could be something.Bebe's character's musical number was hilarious.  I thought it set a great tone for the character.Also I thought the production values were very good.
Somehow I do not connect with the acting, especially the main character. This may be a problem of the writers, I am not sure. I doubt I will watch more of the series.
Do they even know what a miniseries is?I can tell you, it doesn't have Seasons. This should have ended with episode 13. On that, (and pretty much the bad acting, nonsensical actions of the characters and horrendous dialogue)  I give this show a 1.
There are some good actors and interesting characters, but the pilot was a little predictable and sometimes pandered to the lowest common denominator. I would definitely try another episode, but I'm not sure I would watch the whole season if it didn't get better.
Save the Date really *really* stinks.  It goes nowhere.  It basically sums up the romance genre in one predictably written cliched 80-minute film.  A young woman with low self-esteem moves in with her boyfriend.  She never really does anything that makes us believe she's a perfect match for the man in her life.  Maybe she's depressed or maybe she just has a negative outlook on life.  Who really knows.  It never says which one.  She cares WAY too much about herself as well, like the world should revolve around her "problems".She just... does nothing really.  Okay, she hangs out with friends and appears in all the places where guys can hit on her despite how embarrassing the men look when things suddenly go wrong (such as the one musician who jumps off stage and proposes marriage to her resulting in her running out of the concert as quickly as possible due to overwhelming shock and embarrassment).  Somehow even *this* scene blows due to lacking excitement.The tone is way too serious to be a comedy- that's a MAJOR misleading part of the movie description.  Nothing's even remotely funny ever.  The movie never even makes an effort to be hilarious.  All the characters are lifeless and dull with no personality whatsoever and the writing wouldn't make the grade in any other context, let alone a film.  Save the Date reminds me of a time when a film as poorly written as this wouldn't have stood a chance of seeing the light of day in theaters or DVD.  It's amazing amazon doesn't create a 0-star rating feature because Save the Date would easily be placed in the dark hole of 0-star ratings.  I highly recommend avoiding this.
Gimmicky.  That&#8217;s X files, American Horror Story, Lost, John Doe, 666 Park Avenue, and many other single season supernatural mystery series in a nutshell.  In X files, the actors were good, and we played along as the plotlines become convoluted and ridiculous because we figured Chris Carter had an end game in mind.  In retrospect, he didn&#8217;t, and X files was conspiracy theory for the sake of conspiracy theory and we were left with a sentient oil slick.  In Lost, the reason the number sequence was magical was never explained, and that&#8217;s a MAJOR point of the series.  If this was a miniseries I would absolutely watch it, but as a tv series that Chris Carter will try to stretch out for a dozen seasons, maybe even replacing Aldis Hodge with Robert Patrick as he goes along&#8230; I don&#8217;t think so.  The birthdays, the tattoos, the last five minutes&#8230; I&#8217;m not curious about how it will all fit together because Chris Carter has learned that it doesn&#8217;t matter if it fits together or not.  People will watch as long as you keep the mystery of aliens dangling from a fishing line just out of reach.  Despite my preconceptions and how transparently manipulative the pilot seems, I would give this series a chance.  Who knows, maybe Chris Carter actually has a coherent plot in mind and isn't making everything up as he goes along.
Entertaining enough for a quiet evening's enjoyment, this film presents some interesting slants on the Arab diaspora as well as the Middle Eastern political and law enforcement systems.  Again, it's perhaps most notable for its exotic locale and characters, though it wouldn't surprise me to learn that it wasn't actually filmed in Syria. Which I understand may not be a very hospitable place. All-in-all, this film seems to be a standard "missing daughter" movie with just enough high points to contribute to a 3-Star Rating overall.
This series has become too 'conflict intensive'.  This is destroying the entertainment value of the series.  Red Flag's murderous and destructive propensities are far too intense for this subject material.  Little less love making, and more 'wins' for the FBI and the alpha team and a couple more episodes with Skylar would be a lot more fun for the viewer, in my very humble opinion.
To keep it simple; this is a documentary style movie concerning man's contamination of earth gone wrong. It is a bit gory and is not suitable for the weak of stomachs.  That stated, it lends an insight to what we do to the environment could eventually do back to us. It leans a bit towards being a B flick, but in all it's a good movie.
I don't know, but this season seems to be somewhat slow and really scripted. Will the real Robertson's please step forword. More Uncle Si please!!
Consider this exchange between Titus Welliver (Detective Harry Bosch) and Scott Klace (Sergeant Mankiewicz) when "Mank" wants Bosch to investigate a report of the discovery of a bone:Mank: "The guy says it's human, Harry."Bosch: "Yeah, well, it always is...until it isn't."Mank: "You're right. 99 times out of 100 what is it? A coyote, deer, cow, whatever?"This devil's advocacy might have worked, had Bosch been the one to elaborate, in his vain attempt to avoid the assignment. Spoken by the sergeant, this bit comes off as a clumsy attempt to give the viewer insight and explain the usual frustration in such cases. It would be more believable as true cop banter if it had been Bosch utilizing the argument to avoid the call.This poor allocation of good dialogue is just one example of many ways that the best assets of this show have been mis-managed.Familiar faces seem mis-cast, while it is easy to imagine them doing a brilliant job in a different role. Alan Rosenberg is billed as a guest star, but it doesn't take much imagination to see him as a great choice for a regular role in another part. The same can be said for Lance Reddick, Abraham Benrubi and Jamie McShane.The production values/cinematography are very good and may be the best features of this pilot. However, don't expect the edginess of "The Killing".Nothing groundbreaking is happening here.
The acting in this was poor and the quality of the film was poor. It would stop and start several times. This is a movie back from the early 70,S Lots of T&A but you can go to american Pie for that!
$3 an episode in HD and I have to watch commercials!? WTH, Amazon. You need to amend your licensing agreement with FX and fix this nonsense with a quickness. It's a total rip-off and detrimental to both of your brands.
Watched on the strength of its creator who was responsible for The Gilmore Girls which I thought was exceptional.  The same witty comments are heard but not delivered with same brilliance as the cast from The Gilmore Girls.  The initial premise was thin (a showgirl in Las Vegas is wooed into marrying a mundane man who actually still lives with his mother - Kelly Bishop who was Lauren Graham' s mother in The Gilmore Girls).  The showgirl inherits her husband's property when he dies only two days following the wedding.  She also inherits the studio where the mother teaches dance to a group of teenagers (the bun heads).  It is interesting enough to keep watching (seen only a few episodes so far) but hope for improvement from the cast overall.
SPOILERS WARNING....J.J. Abrams has a huge slap coming from me. The reason is simple: I swore to my wife years ago that if I should ever discover an actual name behind the 'pioneering' camera shake, I'd slap him (or her). No one needs to see a film that looks like a frightened tourist's film of an erupting volcano while fleeing it.That is perhaps my biggest beef with this film. Abrams is shown in the mini-documentary actually shaking and/or slapping the camera as he is shooting key scenes. This, along with "the glare" (from stage lighting) is Abrams' big innovation. This camera quivering and vertigo-inducing swooping is why I have wanted to slap him for so long.As to this film, let us speak as we find: this is not even a remake, much less a homage. It is a highjacking. Though the actors are flawless and talented beyond description for their performances here, it is en evil waste. By starting the film with a history-shifting time traveler, Abrams has cheated everyone who sees this, everyone who retains the love of the original series.Having said that, it is a bloody brilliant move. The so-called Star Trek "franchise" was at an apparent end. The TV series "Enterprise" had failed miserably; no one seemed to be in control of the intellectual property of Star Trek itself; fans felt a sort of dying era taking place right here, right now. This film saves us from that fate...or does it?In the distant future, an elderly Spock gets embroiled with angry Romulans since he apparently is responsible for their home planet (Romulus) being destroyed. A surviving faction of Romulans--especially nasty leader Nero--go flying backward in time, and Spock is forced along behind them. They appear 25 years before James T. Kirk is born, and they wait.Kirk's father is captain of a starship. The nasty Nero destroys the ship...and James T. Kirk's father. Here is the bloody marvel and the disgrace: this event has offered us a parallel universe-reality, and from thence the film takes off, going boldly where I wished it hadn't. The elderly Spock is now on a mission to see that Nero is destroyed, which task can only fall to Kirk, of course. Meanwhile, the alternate reality trick goes stale rapidly. Vulcan, along with Spock's mother Amanda, is destroyed (and so is the screen time for Wynona Rider); Young Spock is entangled and enamored with Lt. Uhura; Chekov is a little faerie who is damned good at beaming people anywhere; Kirk himself is a rather gay-looking idiot and part-time drunkard; the rest of the clan is essentially ignored.Abrams and all involved are truly innovative and brilliant. But this film cannot pass without further comment. The ghosts of De Kelley and Jimmy Doohan will never rest now. Too many people still remember them with happiness and the pain at the loss of them. Yet here they are, along with the others, being mimicked or parodied or whatever one wishes to call it. I cannot fathom how Nimoy could agree to star in this, but he did. Who else could play "Spock Prime" as he is credited?My advice is that if you are a purist, don't see this. If you are a curious, adventurous and sacred-cow-kicking fan, see it. Don't miss it if you are a fan of lunk-head director J.J. If you like cinema for its own sake, see it by all means. I for one felt a bit robbed by it all. I cannot begin to imagine what Rodenberry might have thought of this desecration.
After season one it was all down hill. The change in the theme song to such a foreboding ballad matched the tone of the last two seasons.There were great characters in the beginning that just fizzled out. Lulu started with a bang and then turned boring, selfish, and whiny. By the middle of the third season I cringed every time she opened her mouth.Eventually the story lines became mundane - there are only so many times you can watch a crack addict lose custody of their children.It was such a disappointment. Season one really got me interested and I wanted it to keep the same momentum.
I loved the X-files so I wasn't too surprised that this hooked me. However, not to sound prudish, I felt like it was a race to see how many f-words could be said in an hour. I don't mind a few but this was a bit over the top for me. Having said that, I would like to see where the show is going but not if they continue with language like that. It makes me feel as if the writers don't have enough imagination to come up with better dialogue.I will probably watch another episode to give it another chance. I am quite intrigued.
not a terrible movie,but not great. the story line was predictable and the acting mediocre,but pretty scenery.i would not recommend it
This British indy film had received a lot of attentions and favorable reviews, mainly from British film media.The film has a simple story about 2 semi-professional(?) contractors received orders with a "kill list".The first 3 acts are alright with a good cast but the last act is too slight to make it a good and satisfyingthriller and doesn't justify the foregoing grisly violence.
This show would be fine for kids to watch.  I enjoyed it and think most young people would think it is fine.  The teens in my house are a bit old for this humor and type of show but it's ok.
every one has their personality and sticks to it - but are all very moral decent peoplethe good thing if you watch on a regular basis - is that you see the ancillary California communities as the locationsthe best thing was Bradley Whitford's episode and the next best thing is Morena Baccarin's episode otherwise I found these episodes to be really horrible.
The show is very intense, but this season seemed to go against one of the main themes that made it interesting; survival at any cost. It was a different dynamic to be certain but took away from the intensity and turned it into a stupid drama.
I really don't think that this show has enough depth of characterization (or enough lead characters) to sustain it longer. The initial mini-series format was fine: important people were killed off and characters reached unrecoverable extremes very quickly because the end was in view. Now there is little left for more plotting: I see the series becoming very stale very soon. The only source of freshness could be in some interaction with what is happening on the outside and the relationship between Barbie and the military. But somehow I don't see that happening. Too many promising characters are now "sheeple," and others too compromised or too inept to continue. It should have ended in a well-plotted two-hour finale instead of the crowd's unbelievable acceptance of Big Jim and what he wants to do. Whatever symbolism the butterfly might have (I thought probability/chaos theory for awhile), it's going to be buried in the dullness of the characters and plotline next season. I doubt if I will watch.
Characters that grate and dialogue that annoys rather than entertains. Is this a comedy because a man in a dress is supposed to be funny (it's not)? Let's hope this one doesn't make it past the pilot.
This one was the most promising of the amazon originals, but not enough to keep me coming back for more. It's a decent storyline and the acting is good, but no character really grabbed me. I have to really connect with a character to be drawn in to a show, but Bosch is just not all that likable. The actor is great, but I'm not sure I really care about what happens to Bosch...that's a problem. This would be one I'd be willing to watch another episode to see how things developed, but, in general, I can take it or leave it.
A new show with great potential, but I'll need to see more clarity in the future stories since this one gave bits & pieces of many things to come.  As long as some of the mysteries and/or underlying stories start to come together in an overall idea, then I'll be watching.  Otherwise, just another remake that didn't quite make it.  We'll hope for the best.
This is a fun and okay movie worth a watch.  Makes you feel good when he sees the light.  We enjoyed this movie.
The premise is Intriguing, but the execution fell short.  All involved in the show are well intentioned, but they just couldn't raise the level of the show above the crowd.
A colleague asked that I view this season because there is an overlap in our specific medical interests. With heroine addiction as in other types of substance abuse, there is decreased ability in the body's immune system and infectious disease becomes more difficult to treat. I very much doubt that I would be able to accomplish what she does with interventions. There seems to be so much darkness before there can be light again . . . if death doesn't intervene! Yes, I do understand addiction and the absolute need for intervention and treatment. Diagnosing an infectious disease process for substance abusers requires treating both conditions . . . it's the same body/mind. It was past difficult to observe that one intervention and this is certainly an accurate portrayal of the 'real' one.Recommended? That's a good question that I don't have a glib answer for . . . those considering an intervention? Substance abusers? Those interested in human behavior? Perhaps one episode if you are interested in finding a few answers to your own questions.The above was my review for Season 10. All of these episodes present variations of the 'typical' profile of substance abusers. This is not to negate an individuals circumstances but to emphasize their personalities. There is an accurate portrayal of dysfunction within the family unit and other relationships. The multiple substances of choice offer a wide spectrum and an accurate description of the medical/mental consequences.I've viewed 'Chasing The White Dragon,' 'The Global Addiction,' 'Afghanistan: The Opium Trail,' and 'One Man's Seduction.' If you have an interest in grower to user, 'The Global Addiction' is a 30 min production by ABC Australia, that is well narrated and reasonably accurate.
In the early `70's, the tawdry adult film industry discovered a new star.  Linda Lovelace (Amanda Seyfried) whose real name was Boreman had what was at the time, an unusual gift for fellatio.  This film attempts to provide some context as to how she became an icon of the porn industry.  To some degree the story comes from her own biography, "Ordeal."Linda was a somewhat nave teenager growing up in a strict religious family.  Her mother, Dorothy (an unrecognizable and excellent Sharon Stone) was particularly tough on Linda.  Perhaps that was due to the fact that Linda already had a baby which was put up for adoption.  While the film mentions the child, it is quickly glossed over.  Linda meets an older man who owns a cheapo disco club.  Chuck Traynor (played with remarkable sleaze by Peter Sarsgaard) has eyes for Linda and slowly builds up their relationship to the point that she trusts him with everything.  Next thing you know, they're married.Chuck has a number of low life connections including those involved in the porn industry.  At that time, much of it was controlled by the mob.  He convinces Linda that auditioning for an adult film would lead to legitimate acting gigs.  After a few head bobbing lessons from Chuck, he films her abilities and shows the film to a director (Hank Azaria) and producer/mobster (Chris Noth).  She's in.  They make the film "Deep Throat."  By the standards of the time, the film was top shelf stuff.  With a decent budget, a modestly interesting script, some humor and of course Linda's deep throat, the film begins to draw in mainstream audiences.Chuck, by now is squandering money he doesn't have.  He's coked up most of the time and even rents out Linda to a handful of business men for their enjoyment.  This is disgusting stuff to be sure.  The film presents Linda as just a victim in all of this.  And certainly, based on her mother's warnings ("Just do what your husband wants you to do.") and Chuck's temper, is honest in some degree.  But Linda says that this is the only film she made and she only was in "the business" for 17 months.  I'm not sure that's true and I know there was more than one film she appeared in.The film can be shocking at times, but most of the explicit scenes aren't.  There are plenty of bare breasts but otherwise not much beyond suggestion.  The acting is very good, but the film left me cold.The Blu ray version comes with a 1080p video resolution and a 1.85:1 aspect ratio.  The film has a bit of softness to it which certainly isn't offensive and actually seems appropriate for the era.  There is also a fair amount of grain in the picture but again, no big deal.  The disc comes with a DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 track.  The surround feature comes in primarily during the several party scenes and nights at the clubs.  Otherwise, this is a mostly dialog driven movie and comes in clear and concise.  There is only one extra called "Behind Lovelace" which is a 13 minute piece consisting of the cast and crew commenting on Linda.  Yawn...
The show is too scripted. A reality show is SUPPOSED to be off the &#34;cuff&#34; and spontaneous. This show is too scripted. And why is Roy Williams (one of the dirtiest football players that ever played) on the show? He's an absolute idiot!Talk about scripted...when was the last time YOU were able to walk right up to a famous athletes house and ring his door bell?What a crock.
It was the first episode.  Sometimes they aren't so great and it takes time for a series to evolve.  Maybe it will get better as it matures.
I am done with this show. The first episode of this season is too much. I heard it was violent, and some people complained. I was like yea... whatever.I got to the part where it happens. The last 10% of the show. I stopped watching. This is in horrible taste, and piss poor timing. I am done with a series that panders extreme violence for ratings. I am done with Sons. I won't be watching the rest of the season, or any future season.I saw enough of this crap in the news, and in my time in Iraq. The last thing I want to see is something like this spun out just for for higher ratings. As far as I can tell, it serves no purpose to the story.Considering I would give previous seasons all 5 stars, to give this 1 star on the first episode. That is how totally wrong this is.
Great storyline and good set work. The English actor really needs to leave, he is terrible and distracts from the others. I will see how the next release is to make a decision. The profanity is way over the top...no normal people talk that way so why do the writers need to have &#34;F&#34; words dropping left and right.
Somewhat convincingly acted - B.Somewhat creative/twisty, ghost in a house with a sordid history, storyline. The ghosty kid in the hallways, their toys and hiding places and the bad adults that send them to ghost land does get a bit old after a thousand similar previous iterations - B.Somewhat well made & novel CG effects, prosthetics & set staging - B.The problem is the ending (last half hour or so) seemed weak, stereotypic and suggested that the writers just ran out of those &#34;living dangerously&#34;, creative juices - D.Writers moralizing about how death, no matter how horrific the event and how young the victims, reassures us that they are in a better place and happier for it. Well, sorry writers about your fantasizing, but the young people I've seen die, a few in not pleasant ways, would disagree with your comfortable arm chair writing imaginings.
Premise of movie was excellent in the beginning...Acting satisfying...Then...towards end of movie they HOLLYWOODIZED it and FLOP...If you don't mind a typical, sensationalized ending, or if your just starting your thriller/horror journey this can entertain you....
Uninspired directing looms darkly over this AWFUL script that is already inundated with negative, cruel humor. From bland, uninteresting shot choices to meager performances with moderate intentions, Coffee Town is one of the worst movies I have seen in some time. I thought it would have promise because (although I expected some negativity and cynicism from them) it was a joint effort from CollegeHumor and the guys from Always Sunny... but just doesn't have any heart or comeuppanceto win back a little empathy for the characters, and so it just falls completely flat and unfunny.
King could certainly write a soap opera where nothing happens from day to day. Overall, the show has enough going on to keep me returning to watch. But it is so so slow for any of thing of the bigger plot to unfold. It's enough to pick apart a plot from a &#34;could this happen - really&#34; point of view, but I'm able to suspend my disbelief and enjoy the idea at least for now...Overall, it is a nice distraction, but ultimately it seems more of a mini-series than anything that could really survive more than one season.
As a longtime fan of Stephen King, I went into TV's "Under the Dome" with an open mind, knowing ahead of time that many changes would be made to the original story.  What I didn't realize was that the writers' intention was to keep the most basic elements in place, then write an entirely new story that bears only minimal resemblance to the book.  Here's a laundry list of changes that I see an either unnecessary or downright absurd, followed by what I think is good about the show:1.)  Linda Everett from part-time cop married to physician's assistant Rusty Everett, both trapped under the dome,  to Linda Esquivel, Hispanic female police officer in a small Maine town (??) engaged to firefighter Rusty Denton who gets caught outside the dome.2.)  Phil Bushey from zombified meth cook known as the Chef who hides out in an automated religious radio station to a popular contemporary radio DJ with ambiguous ties to the gambling underworld (???).3.)  Junior Rennie from a disturbed, homicidal psychopath with a brain tumor who sleeps with women after he kills them, and who secretly despises his father, to a slightly off-in-the-head, somewhat psychotic, but also sometimes strangely reasonable young man who craves his father's admiration and respect.4.)  Big Jim Rennie from a Christ-driven mini-dictator who never curses to a slightly religious-minded mini-dictator who swears lightly.5.)  Julia Shumway from lifelong small-town newspaper editor to disgraced out-of-towner who scrapes up a job in Chester's Mill.6.)  Thurston Marshall and Carolyn Sturges from a May-December tourist couple who find two young dome-orphans named Alice and Aidan, to Alice and Carolyn Hill, a lesbian couple from L.A. who are in Maine to drop off their daughter, Norrie, at a girl's reformatory.  (?????)7.)  Norrie Calvert from town "riot grrrl" who is friends with Joe and Benny to the daughter of the aforementioned lesbian couple.8.)  Dale Barbara from fry cook with a troubled military past to mercenary with a troubled military past who roughs up people with gambling debts.  (??????)9.)  Angie McCain from pot-head waitress at the Sweetbriar who gets murdered by Junior to Angie McCallister, Joe's big sister, who gets locked in the Rennie fall-out shelter by Junior, then becomes Big Jim's blackmail pawn against his son.10.)  Dodee Sanders from pot-head friend of Angie who also gets murdered by Junior to Dodee Weaver, radio sound engineer and co-worker of Phil Bushey who gets murdered by Big Jim for knowing too much.  (?????)11.)  Andrea Grinnell from the town's Third Selectman who makes Big Jim's railroading of Chester's Mill more difficult to concerned citizen who has no importance to the plot.12.)  Pete Randolph from clueless cop promoted to chief to Paul Randolph, crazed deputy who fires shots at the dome and kills one his fellow officers, then leads the town on a manhunt through the woods.13.)  No Andy Sanders (town First Selectman and Big Jim's scapegoat in the book), no Carter, Frank, Mel, and Georgia (the rapist deputies), no Brenda Perkins, no Sammy Bushey, no Reverend Piper Libby, no Romeo Burpee...basically, all subplots from the book eliminated.Those are just some of the character changes, which don't even scratch the surface of the differences in the plot.  For instance, in the most inept stab at a plot twist I've seen on any show, a new character, Maxine, is created.  She's a femme fatale crime kingpin (who looks all of about 25 years old) who gets caught in the Mill, has illicit ties to both Barbie and Big Jim, and begins running a fight club to make money after the dome drops.  Can I just say .... BWAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!  Okay, now that I got that out of my system, I'll follow it up with a heaving sigh at the inane butchering of a pretty good book.  As for other changes, you have to ask, was it better in the book, or is the show an improvement?  Take the case of Officer Randolph.  In the book, a young boy drives at the dome on an ATV during a town gathering, shoots it, and blows out his own eye.  That's replaced by Randolph shooting the dome after the town pitches in to put out a fire and accidentally killing another officer.  Personally, I think the book version is more horrific and compelling.Two more quick notes on changes.  One, the death of Reverend Lester Coggins is far more dramatic and intense in the book, with Big Jim and his son teaming up to finish off the meddling minister in their house.  On the show, Rennie smashes Coggins's head into the dome and it's over.  Lame in comparison.  Second, the show offers the source of the dome as a mini-dome with an egg inside that the teens find in the woods, then they carry it around, hide it in barns and friends' bedrooms, find secret magic spots on it that are like keypads for their hands, find a butterfly inside, see the pink falling stars from the book, put sunglasses on it and take it to parties .... okay, that last one was "Weekend at Bernie's," but you get the picture.On the plus side, a handful of actors stand out.  Obviously, Dean Norris as Big Jim is a highlight, Mike Vogel does well as Barbie, and the characters of Julia Shumway and Officer Linda Esquivel are mostly good.  Other than that, though, much of the acting gets annoying, especially the girl playing Norrie Calvert.  The seizure scenes she shares with Scarecrow Joe look like something you'd see in a comedy.  Ridiculous conceits, like Big Jim several times dispersing scared, angry crowds made up of the whole town, by saying things like, "Everybody go on home and let us take care of things," then the crowd just drifts away...these moments pop up frequently.  Political sermonizing, like Carolyn telling a skeptical farmer something like, "We're a gay couple with a daughter, welcome to the 21st century" pop up seemingly to push an ulterior agenda and inspire massive eye-rolling.  Only a few of the book's original plot ideas remain in place for this show, and its saving grace is the suspenseful way the plot is presented, making expert use of today's propensity for serialized TV drama.  Also, even though so much of the plot is different from the book, I do find at least more than half of it compelling and suspenseful, such as the showdown between Big Jim and farmer Ollie Dinsmore, Big Jim's complex relationship with his son....actually, now that I think about it, just about all of the plotlines that focus on Big Jim, as Dean Norris is hands-down the best actor in this series.I'll be tuning in and hoping beyond hope that some positive changes are made when Season 2 premieres next summer, but right now, I'm worried that the writers will continue re-imagining so much of the story that they ruin it with droll like the Maxine character and subplot.  If they find a way to right the ship, make the changes work, and bring the story back to some similarity to the book (which I didn't see anything wrong with, anyway), I'll come back and upgrade this review.  Stephen King himself is slated to write Season 2's first episode, so we'll see what happens.
Acceptable adventure film of the sword and sandals genre, set in Roman Britain, has some Roman soldiers, survivors from a massacre against the bloody Pict tribes, fleeing behind enemy lines. Historically dubious (the ragtag platoon includes, seemingly for PC reasons and ludicrously from a historical point of view, a black roman soldier), this violent and bloody, muscular and masculine film is, for all its flaws, certainly entertaining. I found this better and more enjoyable than the recent, similarly themed Eagle of the Ninth. The pristine, misty Scottish outdoors where this movie was filmed certainly helps. Acting is not the main point of this movie, as the actors have to put up with some terse, rough lines. Michael Fassbender, who was fine in the more recent X-Men film, fails to make much of an impression here as the top Roman soldier here, but Ukrainian model Olga Kurylenko, is surprisingly OK as the top warrioress of the Picts.
I don't know why writers have this overwhelming need to bring down every happy couple. Why can't some of them remain happy? However, it turns out the divorce doesn't really happen and Rory and Amy love each other as much as they always did. Sorry, spoiler.Lots of color, action, bangs and noises as usual. Not much of a plot. The final couple of twists to the story were interesting, I won't add any more spoilers, though.I like Matt Smith as the Doctor. But the Matt Smith stories lack the emotional depth and character interest of the David Tennant stories. That's not Matt Smith's fault. It's the fault of the writers.
This started out as an amazing, wonderful show and seems to have devolved down into soap opera.  The mysteries are solved off-screen and explained, rather than seeded throughout the story.
Sex and drugs amongst classical musicians (and dancers) in NYC is nothing new, at least not to me; if that is all this is offering, then folks should get bored pretty quickly.  I agree with another reviewer who suggested that this might turn into &#34;Smash&#34; at the (fictitious NY)  Symphony .  That would be oh, so painful.  Already, the writing isn't terribly good and the cast is iffy at best.  Saffron Burrows is a dud, monotone and boring; she certainly can't be relied upon to carry a show. Malcolm McDowell and Bernadette Peters are, supposedly merely semi-regular.  The young oboist, the dancer, and the shifty roommate have potential, but it's hard to know if they'll pan out.  That leaves a lot of work for Gael Garcia Bernal.  He's great, and part of me thinks that if he signed on to this, there must be something there.  Frankly, Gael is the reason to keep your fingers crossed about this one.
If it had better acting, I think it could have been pretty good. It was alright but I could not make it to the end. Sorry.
It's a passable B movie, it's worth a look but I don't recommend buying it. This is not a movie I would watch again.
I am a true Doctor Who fan and a true science fiction fan, so I am used to a lot of fantasy.  But there is a point where it is too much.  I only watched the first two episodes.  I got tired of watching wildly unbelievable events that occur for no apparent reason.  I really miss the thoughtful plots of the older Doctor Who's.  Amy Pond is great but she is the only part of Season 7 that I like.
In one sense this show feels like a relief--its great to totally indulge openly in mockery of the politics that deserve mocking. I agree there is potential, but the only real laugh I got was at the end--the Colbert thing. That was so easy and spirited and off the wall. But it was like the rest of the show tried too hard to not overlook anything that was mockworthy--it needs to relax a bit and not rely totally on political dissonance--too forced--we get the point. Now just have a little fun, a little more subtlety, a little more intelligence, a little more liveliness. Give Senator Gil(?) John's gal Friday a real role. She looks like she could handle some good lines, a be a good foil to his utter (but not necessarily unamusing) despicability.
This was a really good show initially for the first two seasons but I think the writer is trying too hard to make it exciting and intriguing and its not. Also Olivia Pope is looking like an alcoholic. Season 2 was Emmy worthy.. this season has the viewership because of season 2 but trust me they've lost a step.
The early trailers for Monsters are what originally drew my attention to it, even though I knew going into it that it wasn't necessarily what said trailers implied it to be in the vein of Cloverfield.  Still, as impressive as the film winds up being given its miniscule budget, Monsters is still somewhat slightly disappointing in terms of its overall effect.  The story revolves around a pair of travelers (Whitney Able and Scoot McNairy) encountering some dangerous hazards while making a trek back to America coming from Northern Mexico.  These hazards however are of the alien mutant brand, as the film's title implies.  The immigration metaphor is a bit too-heavy handed, but it still packs a punch regardless.  The two actors perform admirably enough, even if their characters are cookie-cutter to put it mildly.  They pale in comparison to the film's main attraction though, as the monsters themselves are rarely seen, but when they are, they're definitely memorable.  Despite that though, you just can't help but think that Monsters wasn't all that it could have been.  I appreciate what it does and what it attempts to do, but the end result just feels like there's a good amount of wasted potential here too.  All in all, don't go into Monsters expecting an action-filled monster flick, but keep an open mind though and give it a chance.
Has potential, though pretty predictable.  If the funny quotient is upped a good 20 to 30% I think this thing has legs.
I think everything Debbie Joy said was right.  She hit the proverbial nail on the head when she said it's like watching a train wreck or I could say a police car pulling over someone - you slow down to watch it - morbid curiousity.  I too have seen every episode of Dance Moms - some episodes more than once.  Abby has always, always been a demanding teacher as I've said in previous reviews of previous seasons but it seems that since Hollywood has callin', the woman's ego has no bounds.  I agree with another reviewer who said even though the show is titled &#34;Dance Moms&#34;, Abby seems to think it's all about her & screw everyone else who gets in her way.  There's no mistaking now that Maddy's her one and only fav - &#34;I want a team of Maddys&#34; - a frequent saying of Abby.  I agree with one thing she says and that the kind of studio & competitions she goes to are not just merely an afterschool extra curricular activity, this is serious business of training a child to be a professional performer whether I agree with it or not.  Now why Kelly and Christi insist to call it that means imo that they need to move on but I'm pretty sure that either one or two things - they are under contract to Lifetime and/or they too are addicted to fame/attention.  I can't imagine a new cast - we've grown to care about Maddy, Mackenzie, Chloe, Nia, Brooke, Paige, and Kendall.  I'm not sure if I left anybody out.  We've grown to gasp almost delightedly with guilty pleasure at the fights between Abby and the moms but it's old, old, old.  It seems that the drama now is 'scripted' and forced.  Dance Moms is numbered - I'm willing to bet the ratings will decline with a new time if they haven't fallen already.  I love the training that Abby gives - the girls dance probably pretty darned perfect because of her eye for technique but the woman can do it without being such a bi*%@.  I know in order to get that kind of response a teacher has to be tough but that's how it started - with Abby being tough.  Now it's on to abuse/over inflated ego.  I hope that the girls will have great careers in whatever they choose - hopefully dance - and to heck with the moms and Abby.
The director relies too much on shock, gore and camera tricks to create a sense of tension.  However these effects as used in this move act as a distraction.  The movies that are successful in creating a tension leave a lot to the imagination which is far scarier than fake blood poured all over the place.  If this movie is in fact made by teen agers, koodos to them a very good effort.  If however it is a professional production... yikes... not so good.
I remember the bionic woman from many years ago and I guess it didn't compare to the original but I enjoyed it and was a little disappointed that it was cancelled
It was not too bad but there was never a reason for why that happened to the family. I was looking for a complete story line and this movie fell short of that.
Nothing fresh except some of the acting.  This will be too slow for a lot of people.  No pay-off in the end, which is what I like in a movie.
I truly, truly adored Season 1, but Season 2's just rubbing me the wrong way.  WAY too much blood and ugliness.  I hope it improves and there's more dialogue and sharp writing. It seems kind of cartoonish at present.  The abuse of the little (tweens) boy is particularly disturbing. I don't get who the freaky chick (who played Jason Bourne's girlfriend) is, where she came from or what she's up to.  She apparently killed her own goon in the 2nd episode. I have to check facebook to see if anyone can explain this to me.
I watched some of this story.  Not too inclined to make it one of those got to watch the whole series type.
Nothing new here. It's a parody of Noir, but with nothing innovative. If you have absolutely nothing else to watch, then go for it.
This film presents basically a humanist's view of the world, and as a liberal, I can relate to it somewhat.  I greatly admire Howard Zinn, Vandana Shiva is brilliant, and some of the others interviewed are quite eloquent.  But this film is all about humans, and nothing is even whispered about the toxic load of too many of us on the planet; the institutional abuse and/or extinction of other species; the bad health, death and corporate corruption related to not just starvation, but to consuming an animal-cruel western diet; and how those important factors also influence the power and money structure of our society.  They're a huge part of the picture, they can't be ignored, and without the film acknowledging them, I can't give a lot of stars to this production.  OK, I'll give it 3 for Zinn and Shiva.
Just isn't enough for me to spend extra money on anymore.  It is just so hard to do better than the first group, such power houses. The new kids are good but the other group is a hard act to follow.  The story lines seem to have fallen off.  I haven't watched much of the new season, so it could get better.
Every show has interesting things that come into the Pawn Shop.  However, I am extremely tired of the jousting, barbs and insults form the Old Man (especially), and that Rick never has a good job or good word for Cory or Chum.  I've stopped watching almost.  I don't watch nearly as much as I did in the past.
As a science fiction fan of many years, this title aroused my curiosity so I decided to view it on line. The movie held my attention most of the time but there were times when I debated just stopping it but my curiosity about how the movie would end won the day. I would suggest viewing it on line before you purchase it for your collection. It is not a typical science fiction movie and as one reviewer pointed out, it comes across like more of a documentary that places little or no emphasis on character development.I enjoyed the movie sufficiently to watch it all the way through but will probably never watch it again.
I was watching Grimm and this popped up under Amazon's suggestions.  It was only 18 minutes and the description said it was for adults, so I was curious.  Good production value, good acting, good story.  I think it was for children, though parents should be present.  I guessed the subject matter from the title and picture of the lighthouse on the jacket.  I don't know why this was made or who the targeted demographic was.  I would recommend this, I guess.  Don't expect science fiction.
Wait, Veronica is a freshman at imaginary U!  Not being a fan of the original Veronica Mars series, I found this one hard to swallow and even harder to engage in.  Maybe old fanboys and girls will enjoy seeing their favorite characters &#34;aged&#34; for this new series, but as a newcomer I found little to like or engage me.
Not so good. A bunch of &#34;smarmy, look at me&#34; crooks and murderers that want to get a little bit more noteriety by bragging about their despicable deeds. Would not recommend.
Good movie especially if you like Mitchum.
How revelatory must a film truly be to include the director&#8217;s name above the picture&#8217;s title?  I suppose the answer will always be, &#8220;That depends on the director.&#8221;  For example, I can&#8217;t imagine that there are crowds of anxious movie-goers lined up anticipating WOODY ALLEN&#8217;S DRACULA.  Granted, the kids might pour out in droves for MICHAEL BAY&#8217;S DRACULA.  Maybe you could interest most of middle-class America to pony up their ten bucks a-piece on STEVEN SPIELBERG&#8217;S DRACULA.  Such is life.For those who know the name Dario Argento, I&#8217;d imagine ARGENTO&#8217;S DRACULA might have particular significance.  Indeed, Argento has a fan-base of impressive proportions amongst cinema aficionados and horror buffs, but, outside of those two groups, is he a household name?  That was probably a question producers were asking in late 2013 when this film was released merely as DRACULA 3D; it largely went unattended in the marketplace, which caused them to drop the whole three-D thing and just emphasize the &#8216;Argento&#8217; in the new DVD release.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and/or characters.  If you&#8217;re the type of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I&#8217;d encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you&#8217;re accepting of a few modest hints at &#8216;things to come,&#8217; then read on &#8230;)Jonathan Harker (played by Unax Ugalde) is summoned to the castle of the Count Dracula (an impressive Thomas Kretschmann) where he&#8217;s to begin work as the resident librarian, cataloguing all of his employer&#8217;s expansive book collection.  However, once Harker seems to have vanished, his lovely wife Mina (a pleasingly attractive Marta Gastini) follows in his footsteps, seeking to uncover the truth of her love&#8217;s disappearance.  Before all is said and done, she&#8217;ll require the services of Abraham Van Helsing (the ever-reliable Rutger Hauer) to bring about an end to a vile agreement between Dracula and the townspeople he&#8217;s duped into subservience.I haven&#8217;t read Bram Stoker&#8217;s classic novel (it&#8217;s on my bucket list), so I couldn&#8217;t say how faithful ARGENTO&#8217;S DRACULA remains to STOKER&#8217;S DRACULA.  I can say that the story certainly feels as if some minor effort went into capturing this tale as an effective but low-budget period production.  Everything &#8220;looks&#8221; old age, but, by that same barometer, everyone &#8220;looks&#8221; like they&#8217;re acting, too.  For my tastes, Argento&#8217;s work is staged and photographed far too passively to evoke the legitimately lurid sensibilities only effectively hinted at in a few key scenes, and, sadly, there&#8217;s just an awful lot of bloat to this work.  At nearly two hours, this version of the immortal bloodsucker is arguably thirty minutes too long.There&#8217;s far too much set-up required in the tale as told, scripted by Argento and Antonio Tentori, Stefano Piani, and Enrique Cerezo (also listed as &#8216;producer&#8217;).  Lucy (Asia Argento) goes about her life in the village, secretly consorting with the leader of the vampires, and her story could&#8217;ve easily been heavily truncated to balance out the flow of the first half.  Also, there are a handful of scenes involving the locals that &#8211; while their inclusion might help establish a plot point &#8211; don&#8217;t truly add much depth to the overall narrative.  In fact, by the time Van Helsing shows up to finally go &#8216;Grandpa Bad@ss&#8217; on everyone, I&#8217;d pretty much lost interest in everyone except Dracula.Despite all of these blemishes, Kretschmann (as the Count) turns in a nice main performance.  His Dracula is only charismatic in measured doses, fleshing out the ruler of the undead by giving him some emotional layers.  This, too, unfortunately doesn&#8217;t serve the entirety of the production as strongly as it should because everyone else seems to be mimicking his delivery; far too many lines of dialogue are whispered as if they have immeasurable significance to everything, and the end result of which the melodrama gets muddled in favor of the dramatic posturing of the players.Not good, Argento.  Not good.ARGENTO&#8217;S DRACULA (2013) (aka DRACULA 3D) is produced by Enrique Cerezo Producciones Cinematograficas S.A., Film Export Group, and Les Films de l&#8217;Astre.  DVD distribution is being handled by MPI Media Group as part of the IFC Midnight series.  As for the technical specifications, the production has plenty of quality sights and sounds, but it&#8217;s all balanced out with some inexorably long takes; at 1:52:00, it feels at times closely to 5 hours &#8230; and that&#8217;s never a good thing.  If it&#8217;s special features you want, then there&#8217;s an impressive behind-the-scenes documentary (1 hr.), a music video, and a few theatrical trailers: a nice package, indeed, but enough about the ladies &#8230; (snicker snicker)(MODESTLY) RECOMMENDED.  Meh.  Argento purists (or is that &#8216;cultists&#8217;?) will probably be the only audience truly excited by this release.  The rest of us?  We&#8217;ll probably be left wondering what all the excitement is about.  I can appreciate even a good vampire story, and Argento&#8217;s obvious affection for the source material shines through; but so much of this DRACULA is down for the count.  (Get it?)  Argento&#8217;s signature non-blood-looking blood is everywhere &#8211; at one point looking like melted crayons while still at another like cheap wine &#8211; and the absolutely unnecessary (but appreciated!) emergence of ample bosoms can only sustain a man&#8217;s interest for so long.  Worth a view, but probably only one.In the interests of fairness, I&#8217;m pleased to disclose that the fine folks at MPI Media Group and IFC Midnight provided me with an advance DVD copy of ARGENTO&#8217;S DRACULA by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
"13 Assassins" is a remake of a 1963 film, updated by director Takashi Miike. The year is 1844, when the age of the samurai in Japan was waning, and the shogunate would soon follow. The Shogun's half-brother Lord Naritsugu (Goro Inagaki) is expected to be appointed senior advisor. This causes disquiet across Japan, as Naritsugu has earned a reputation as a sadistic and capricious man, too immature for serious responsibilities. The Shogun's advisor Sir Doi (Mikijiro Hira) fears that the country will descend into war if Naritsugu's worthiness were to be disputed openly. He turns to the aging, trusted samurai Shinzaemon (Koji Yakusho) for a solution. Shinzaemon assembles a dozen samurai to assassinate Naritsugu en route to his home, but his Lordship is guarded by the fiercely loyal samurai Hanbei (Masachika Ichimura).By Takashi Miike's own admission, there are a lot of unnecessary scenes in this movie. I found the extraneous material trying in the first half. The second half of the film is dominated by a 50-minute battle scene, which, to the director and editor's credit, isn't tedious. Action sequences constitute about half of the film, though, oddly, Miike considers this a drama rather than an action movie. If you like swordplay, there is a lot of it on display here. But I don't think it works as a drama. A group of people of diverse ages and personalities are assembled to pull off a "big job" that seems a good deal more sophisticated than the group could manage. The characters are thinly drawn. There is a certain amount of comic relief amid the bloodshed, mostly provided by Koyata (Yusuke Iseya), an erstwhile hunter they meet in the mountains.I like "13 Assassins" visual style a lot. The greys, dark blues, and browns are stunning. But Miike sets a serious tone without serious plotting. A painfully obvious stock plot. Everything feels contrived. Naritsugu is so evil and maniacal that he is not believable. Shinzaemon's behavior toward him doesn't make sense. And the 200 soldiers they are to face seem endless, as if there are actually a lot more than that. I kept thinking that the 13 would run out of adversaries during the prolonged battle, but they just kept coming. Granted, "13 Assassins" is supposed to create an impression and glorify certain cultural icons more than it is supposed to make sense. But it seemed like the filmmakers expected poor writing to go unnoticed in all the action and beautiful photography. In Japanese with optional subtitles.The DVD (Magnolia 2011): Bonus features include a theatrical trailer (2 min), deleted scenes, and an "Interview with Director Takashi Miike" (20 min). The interview is in Japanese with English subtitles. Among other things, he discusses the ambiguity surrounding the Koyata character. Subtitles are available in English, English narrative, and Spanish. Dubbing is available in English.
&#34;If I can't have him no one can.&#34; When Celeste (Longoria) wants to get her son back from her abusive ex Carlod (Thornton) she turns to three redneck brothers. Taking him back was easy, avoiding the odd gangs that are after them proves to be a little tougher. This is yet another movie where my expectations were apparently way to high. Also this is another movie where they put two big stars on the poster, but not really in the movie. They are in it more then Bruce Willis seems to be in his movies lately but they both did about 3 days of work each. Other then that the movie is a little boring. Really full of action and comedy but I had a hard time getting into this. I'm not sure what was missing because I usually like movies like this but I really couldn't get into this. Overall, I was very disappointed by this, was hoping for something more exciting. I give it a C+
Following the success, warm reviews and award accolades galore for her debut feature Away From Her, actress Sarah Polley has return with her second feature as writer and director. While not a masterpiece like her earlier triumph, Take This Waltz still manages to have enough interest and ambition to make it a worthy, if not a remarkable follow up. The outer crust is rich, but I suspect the inside to be hollow. Which comes as something of a shame, but I think Polley will continue to grow as a filmmaker and should defiantly remain on everyone's radar.Set in Polley's native Toronto, and following Margot (Michelle Williams) and Lou (Seth Rogen), a young married couple old before their time. She, a bored wife writing tedious travel brochures, he a would-be chief working on a thriller of a book regarding the many ways to prepare a chicken dinner. Margot has a chance meeting with a handsome stranger (Luke Kirby) while on assignment, a meet cute that follows her onto the airplane trip back home ,and grows all the more awkward when they realize that they are close neighbors. He is Daniel and he leads a more carefree existence that easily attracts the attention, but more slowly is the affections of Margot. Not wanting a full blown love affair to bloom, Margot still finds herself being drawn to the more adventures and relaxed Daniel. Meanwhile Lou remains tamely unaware, with a further conflict developing involving his alcoholic sister, Geraldine (Sarah Silverman).Polley is a fine actress who hasn't always landed the plum juicy roles that she deserves, in fact it surprises me more than a little that she hasn't cast herself in any of the strong roles in one of her own films, yet. She is also a first rate director, one who understands how to direct actors, that was keenly evident in her debut feature, there is still a difference of opinion over weather Julie Christie was robbed of an Oscar win or not, but is even more so here.  This movie succeeds in spit of it's pretensions and often lumbering plotting thanks to the excellent performances.Michelle Williams is adorable as always, smart and assured playing the sort of character she's becoming a specialist in, I suspect that a lot of people will recall Blue Valentine when watching this film. The real kudos, though, must go to Seth Rogen, who is nicely cast against type, in a role that will seem familiar to many people. His Lou has done nothing wrong, he's just an observer in his own life story. The tenderness and sadness that Rogen brings to the role helps to show something I have seen before in the actor, but has largley been left neglected and that is that he's actually a pretty good actor. Also well cast is comedian Sarah Silverman who has finally found a film role worthy of her talent.The movie is also highlighted by a nifty soundtrack featuring a lott of indie rock and alternative music. Which should come as little surprise as the film was inspired by the moody song of the same name by legendary Canadian singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen, it is not as richly texture or as poetic as the song. The movie is also unfortunately lacking in the wit that can often be found in so much of Cohen's beautiful and deeply felt music. A cool place to find inspiration for a film though, see what I mean about the keen insight that Polley brings to her films.The frustrations and boredom in Margot's life is the centerpiece of the movie, told in such a low key way, to the point of banality, which probably is the point. It leaves the events of the picture to unfold a little on the stodgy side. At almost two hours it is a little long as well, a censored version released  in Canada runs 91 minutes, one must wonder if that versions play better.Take This Waltz resembles nothing more than a big budgeted mumble core movie, you know those films that are famously underwritten and developed with amateur performances and dialogue thought up on the fly, but with everyone having sex and getting naked at the drop of a hat. The sex is toned down, and Polley's script is better than that,  but the characterizations are certainty more facile. There's often not enough to sustain a real interest here, but the emotional content is strong particularly towards the ending confrontations, most of which unfold to the contraire of expectations.An uneven film for sure dealing with issues familiar to the indie drama crowd, Take This Waltz fails to avoid clich&eacute;. I have already mentioned Williams' Oscar nominated triumph in the superb Blue Valentine, which I'm sure that this will conjure up memories of that admittedly superior film. Polley's film lacks the deep perspective of that film which helped to make it so afflicting and memorable. However, the cast rises above the material, and Polley has left her script rich enough for them to find something to say even when they have nothing left to speak of. This is the ultimate success of this small, but thoughtful enough film.Check out my reviews at moviezonemagazine.com
There is a adventure in every episode. Every adventure is new. In each episode, There is a place to go.
This is a badly made movie. Bad story, bad plot and terrible acting.It amazes me that movies this awful actually get made and distributed.
I can't watch anymore, the acting is soooo bad that I'm wishing for the demise of the characters....I haven't read the book, but from those you had they are totally disgusting with the total change in the story.....regardless, if you read it or not, it's soooo boring and lame and speaking of lame seeing that stupid pudgy blonde politically correct Mom with the Muppet glasses pretending to be a doctor is so distracting it's hilarious---she looks like Benny Hill in drag.....I hope the whole cast suffocates in that Dome....
Honestly, just not very good. Way, way too melodramatic and not something I would even consider watching. The whole premise is odd and it did not leave me wanting more.
It starts with an amusing (though slightly racist) premise and then devolves into something very mean-spirited.  It's more of a collection of funny bits than a cohesive story.  Other characters enter and exit the story inexplicably, and for little reason.  The movie had a great start and does explore the theme of greed rather interestingly, but the end result is a movie that could have been much better.
Dear Amazon Digital Services....i just got billed for this video even though I had bought the pas for this entire season of Walking Dead.  Do you LIKE double-billing people?
&#8230; but season 2 is losing it.  The show tried to mix things up by putting more emphasis on some characters and less on others this season.  The change in dynamic isn't working as well for me.  I still love the concept though.
This story centers around Lindsey (Anna Kendrick) who has caught the eye of the portly foul-mouthed Anti-Christ (Craig Robinson) who prefers to be called "The Beast." Her complaining mother has returned from heaven, having been kicked out of the rapture.The idea was clever, especially how man learns to calmly deal with the various plagues thrown his way. I enjoyed the Maddow joke as well as the "fowl-mouthed" crows. The humor was spotty. The jokes were rather lame and juvenile. The writers came up with a half decent plot but couldn't execute on dialouge, which made the actors look bad. It has the stupidity and language of a teen sex comedy that misses the mark.Might make it as a low brow rental.Parental Guide: F-bombs. No sex or nudity. Sex talk.
I could not have been more of the thought that &#34;Well, there's an hour or so that I'll never get back...&#34;
This is clearly a Thai film! You can tell Tony Jaa and crew got alot more money to make this film compared to the others but it leaves alot to be desired! In most martial arts flicks the fighting barely borders on believavble but this movie goes way past that line. Mainly at the end. It's like Rambo without the guns. Other than that the sequences are a bit jarring and the acting was kinda over the top in small doses. The costumes were fantastic though. I know it sounds like im ripping on this movie but im comparing it to Jaa's previous movie "The Protector"! Now that was amazing. This movie would definately appeal to younger viewers. Perhaps 12-18 years of age? I cant wait for the day when Hollywood gets together with Tony! That's gonna be good!...
Why anyone with half a brain find this interesting is beyond me.Is this society so stupid that this is acceptable to take time to watch?Yeah, I guess so ...3rd season..honestly I can't even stand to look at them.I thought I would just ck it out and it's just horrid..I think it's sad that thisis being produced..of course it's tons of money for the producers and that's why.If I could have put a zero rating I would have.
I found Season 3 to be rather boring and, depending upon what happens in October, I might drop Walking Dead from my watch list.
An enjoyable opener, but it required a return to the last episode of the previous season in order to follow all of the story lines. Could Don Draper really turn out not to be a cad?
No issue with the video. Always a safe bet for toddlers. Caillou just whines too much and I think my DD has copied that too much. Not a fan of this whiny boy
The show was interesting, but not compelling.  The stories didn't grab me like some other 'reality' shows do...probably has a great audience among truckers, but in my opinion, not for me.
I am a huge Alison Janney fan, and even though I really haven't liked every movie I saw Anna Farris in, I always thought she was good in them. So when I saw a preview for this show, I really wanted to see it. Even though Alison Janney is good in it sometimes, Anna Farris can be really cheesy in the show sometimes. And the 20-second laugh track after everything they say makes it worse. But it's Chuck Lorre, so it's not surprising.
Well, I've loved Dr. Who over the years. But I think the writers are making a mistake here. I thought River Song was supposed to be the love of his life, but now he's entranced with someone else. It's an OK story with a very silly Sherlock Holmes crossover. So, to like this one, you need to forget all the angst of the last couple of years. The Pond family, poof! As if they never existed. So I guess I have a continuity complaint.Matt Smith is a sweetie, of course, always a lively performance. But, I think I'm getting tired of the series.
Considering the current level of animation this is almost primitive, though well-drafted. Animation is sparse and motion is often portrayed by moving the static image in the frame which I found to be like watching shadow puppets. It's well-written and probably too mature and cerebral for children. Not really a waste of time but not action entertainment or even decent anime.
I was bored throw this whole show. I watched the first episode and found myself constantly getting up and wandering around out of boredom with the show.
I am really tired of all the unnecessary, unimaginative so called adult land gauge.  Otherwise this show hold some promise.
A little too late...Chris Carter really went out on a limb with this one...all the characters were cliched and very unbecoming. The female French protagonist was so annoying while the Irish/Scot character was typical and flat.This is horrible...hope &#34;The After&#34; becomes &#34;The Never&#34;.
One thing that especially annoyed me about this show was the nosy insecure computer-tech girl with the blonde hair. She was BEYOND annoying. Always worrying about who &#34;The Arrow&#34; was having sex with. Like &#34;Hey! Mind your own damn biz & stop worrying about where that man sticks his *bleep*!&#34; It's like she took it as a direct insult when he slept with the chick who attempted the hostile take over. Every time &#34;The Arrow&#34; is telling a story about the HELL he went through on that island, all she comments on was the fact that there was a &#34;woman&#34; involved in the situation. Always with the snide comments making light of the pure HELL that poor man went through on that island. Like &#34;B***h are you kidding me!?&#34; I have no idea why the writers tried to make this a &#34;thing&#34;. One occurrence, fine. But a constant during every damn episode!? NO!The younger sister (Thea) is an annoying brat. It irked me every time she came on camera. I had to F.F. most of the time, cuz I got tired of hearing a so-called &#34;teen&#34; talkin 'ish with her face all up in the &#34;adults&#34; face with her arms crossed like she pays the bills up in there *lol* and with that shiny nasty wart on her lip. Oh and what 17-18 yr old is legally allowed to run a &#34;night club&#34; ? Especially one that has a history of substance abuse. Also they really need to fix her wardrobe, someone who's built like a 12 y/o boy shouldn't be wearing a Bodycon dress. Which she seems to wear in every. scene.Also REALLY not a fan of the genital wart both the daughter & mother have on their top lip. I'm sure they're moles but MAN it did not look like it. Was very distracting.I was into it at first, it was something I watched while traveling or folding laundry. I watched up until the current episodes. Then I guess I lost interested, because every time I got the notification that new episodes were available I was like &#34;Meh...I'll watch it later&#34; (Unlike my faves &#34;Hannibal, Orphan Black & Supernatural, etc&#34; where I can't wait to watch what happens next). Well it's been 10 episodes later and I still haven't watched. So I will be calling Amazon customer service asking for a refund for episode not watched.DISCLAIMER: Being that Amazon &#34;comments section&#34; is becoming too much like YouTube comments due to ignorant people with no lives, I have to make this disclaimer. F_ _ _ YOU in advance to anyone that feels the need to criticize my review, as well other peoples review. I turned the &#34;notification&#34; feature off because I couldn't careless about anyone's feedback. So your stupid commentary WILL fall on deaf ears. So STFU in advance also. Have a good one : )
This program is ridiculous! Are employees and CEOs really that stupid? I am sure the employees are hand picked to insure they tow the company line. How can that many employees have such sad sob story lives? This program is just an infomercial for businesses that treat their employees poorly.
The countryside is gorgeous, Galway, Ireland what's not to like? The actors mostly up and coming, none of whom I recognized, the storyline, tried and true.A dad, calls his three children home, he has something he wants to talk about. Is he ill, is he in trouble, what is going on? The three children all return home, one with her husband and two children, one with his current girl in tow, and one all by himself. The secret it turns out is not too scary. And, all of the children bring secrets of their own. This is billed as a dysfunctional modern Irish family, but, in reality, it is a normal family coming together two years after the death of their mother.There are some fun times, lots of boring, nothing really said times, fair acting, but nothing in this film grabs you to really want to know more. The scenery is the best bet, and there is a lot to see. We visit pubs where everyone gets drunk, children's playground, cemetery, and scenes of the farm, which looks nice enough. Which does make me wonder how the dad all by himself kept the place looking so good.  When all is said and done there is no big family meeting to settle things, it seems it is all done in small groups, or by looks, but we are not privy to too much of the conversation.Really a film for Seinfeld fans, about nothing.Recommended For The Scenery.  prisrob 02-22-14
Normally I have an appreciation for ID type television but this one just is not for me.I managed to sit through the first episode -- but only after trying to watch it three or four times.I sat through the second one -- but (I am glad) the same thoughts kept coming to me... Namely that, despite the disclaimer at the beginning, there is something "unclean" about this production (or just about me -- watching it). I am always left with thoughts of, "How can the family/friends watch this when there are so many depictions of the blood of their loved ones? How would I, COULD I do it???"Furthermore, as someone who has an active imagination (and tries to be careful in what I watch/view), the style of voyeurism I pick up in watching this, is disturbing as I begin to wonder if people who DO appreciate murder, sorrow, pain, etc. (and we should not kid ourselves -- our nation is subconsciously becoming increasing enamored with killing) are lapping up the feast that (perhaps unknowingly) has been set before them.All in all, what I watched just "feeled" like entertainment... But who (except the weak) want to be entertained on the suffering of real people?? And what does it say about us (as individuals) if we do???So... I just can't.And I am glad.
THE CANYONS is a dark film that seems to lose direction from the beginning. Acclaimed director Paul Schrader has gotten lost in a troubled project. Real-life porn actor James Deen stars as movie producer Christian and Lindsay Lohan as his girlfriend Tara. Both live on the wild sexual side as Tara reconnects with an old flame who happens to be Christian's assistant's boyfriend. Everyone seems to have some sort of connection from the past as Christian manipulates and controls all the people around him. Chaos ensures as the lies and deceptions begin to  ruin lives. Christian's dark side emerges and nothing will be the same.There is a story here that gets lost in a world of confusion. The viewer does get drawn into the chaos and the desire to know how this will all work out.The film does almost border on soft porn at times so it can be difficult to understand what is actually happening. A great deal of the film is simply scenes of people driving or walking--walking down a street or climbing stairs or walking down a hall. It is vaguely interesting and there seems to be a hint of a desire to create an art film that falls flat.
Took me a long time to get into this show.  It wasn't until the last 5 minutes that I really became interested, which is sad as there are great actors in this show.
Series gets high marks in intrigue, character development, and acting. The path of its story is believable, even plausible for 11episodes.  Then suddenly we are expected to believe that a handful of old, white males are controlling the fate of the free world by manipulating those who are sworn enemies to the &#34;west&#34;.  Soooo, the world we see in Rubicon is in sharp contrast to that we see depicted in &#34;Zero Dark Thirty&#34; (supposedly true events set to drama). Either it takes exhaustive intelligence resources, years of analysis, and unexpected good fortune to finally make breakthrough in finding the most high-profile terrorist in the world-- or, as portrayed in &#34;Rubicon&#34;, the whole material world is controlled-not by an industry, or a conglomerate of industries- but a few conspirators. Such an outlandish assumption REQUIRES adequate explanation. Otherwise, the story is an insult to those fighting our battles- and their loved ones. No wonder this series stopped production when it did. The storytellers wound themselves up so tight in their own trap, there was no way to continue with anyone to follow.
In a small village in Western Ireland, a fisherman named Circus (Colin Farrell) finds one day on the net of his fishing barge a woman who calls herself Ondine (Polish actress Alicja Bachleda Curus). The woman is disoriented and refuses to see other people. He gets her living arrangements in a old shack that belonged to his deceased mother. He tends to believe she is a mythical creature called a Selkie, a mermaid like creature from Irish folklore. She encourages him to believe this. They become increasingly warm to each other, and while she at first refuses to see other people, she slowly relents, and becomes friendly with his sick wheelchair bound young daughter. For the first hour, this film seems tender, attractive and entertaining; however, in the second part of the movie, it takes a turn for the worse (Warning: BIG SPOILER AHEAD) as it transpires than instead of a mythical figure, Ondine is a drug mule from Eastern Europe on the run from drug dealers. And our interest drops like a stone. Neil Jordan directed.
The writers and rest of cast still have to step up to the plate a bit but it won't take much to make the second part of the first season a winner!
I hope that Amazon Will make a first season. Oddly, about a week after watching the pilot, I saw a picture online that looked a lot like the &#34;entity&#34; that appears near the end, which makes me wonder if there is some truth to this.
I have to say that I am in TOTAL agreement with the review given, within this post, by "MerryKat."  She summed it up PERFECTLY by asserting that the confinement to a 45 - 50 minute show has really hurt the franchise than it has helped it.  For those of us, such as myself, that grew up on Doctor Who since the 60's, there is a major difference between the story magic you find in a 2.5 hour show and a full show limited to only 50 minutes.Doctor Who was meant to be seen in weekly 23 minute episode installments, which could involve anywhere from 3 - 8 episodes altogether. Many of you that may not have watched much of the older "Who" story-lines might not understand this, but it does make a lot of sense.  It also takes away much of the story development critical in creating "Who" adventures, which are often now crammed with so much story into that one hour that it becomes only very predictable, but also somewhat boring.When the Doctor used to visit other worlds in prior stories you had a lot of time to get to find out "piecemeal"  the situation of the story, understand and then relate it to its well-formed characters, and then immerse yourself into these created and imaginative stories.  With only an one hour limit this takes a lot away from the working structure of what made "Doctor Who" a big hit internationally to begin with.  Many of us would find ourselves eagerly looking forward to next weeks episode when it came to a continued story-line as compared to now, where everything MUST be rushed to a quick and sometimes grinding halt of a story, when there could have been so much more potential that could have been added...For example:  "The Rings of Akhaten." There was (finally) a good, well constructed story, which had the potential of showing us so much more about this extremely diverse system of seven worlds, their culture and the religious format and philosophy of this mixed population from various worlds and outposts could have been a great 2 to 3 hour show, revealed in installments.  But, no time!!!  Hurry, hurry, for the Doctor to fix the problem and move on, even if it means the abrupt ending is to incredible to believe.On the more positive side, I do say, and it is refreshing to be able to say, that I really like the new character "Claire." What a difference, in just the first handful of episodes, with her compared to the ever and very irritatingly spoiled Amy Pond.  I did however really like Rory, his character was really well thought out.In conclusion it will be interesting, regardless, to see how the producers of the show intend to showcase the 50th anniversary of Doctor Who this summer and fall.  I hope they intend to really wow us, and I don't mean with just the overdone CGI effects, which has become a staple of the show.  Remember, CGI use is only as good as the story and shouldn't be what is relied on to make any show just a good one.Thank you for reading my review and putting up with my raving. =P  BTW Crimson Horror was so bad I fell asleep while watching it... something I never did with a Doctor story.Ta, Mike Christy
Was disappointed with this season's first episode. Sorry to see Danny's new partner is a permanent fixture -- I much preferred Jackie. She was a natural and had a worldly way.  This partner is too young and wooden. Very disappointed in the younger Reagan's even younger partner. Ugh. Another young girl with a squeaky voice and no grit. Jackie had grit. That's the kind of actors/actresses needed. Tom Selleck is what holds it together, however I'm becoming more and more disinterested in the cast and probably won't be watching it much, if at all, this season.
Some very questionable direction choices, weird pacing and beats, uneven tone.  Has a lot of promise, but feels half-baked.  The source material and setting is very compelling, but the execution is lacking.  I wanted to care more about the characters than I did.  If it has an intervention before it goes to series, it could really work.  Casting the plastic-faced Bernadette Peters and other &#34;just ok&#34; actors makes one wonder about the production team in general.Mozart in the Jungle has the ingredients to make a great show, but the execution wasn't there.  Mostly, it made me want to see what this show COULD be rather than the show that it actually was.
Throughout all of filmdom, there's some debate about when the cop buddy film actually came about.  Most critics seem to accept that the contemporary version of it was a product of 1970's and 1980's filmmaking, and I figure that's probably more right than wrong.  If the buddy film didn't originate somewhere in those two eras, it certainly made its most significant step forward culturally during that time.  That said, JAVA HEAT feels more like the outcome of someone trying to recapture that dynamic for an all-new generation of movie-goers.  While some may find that admirable, I'd just rather go back and re-watch all the great buddy films of the past than have to sit through an inferior retread any day of the week.(NOTE: The following review will contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last three paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)Jake Wilde (played with `beginner's luck' by TWILIGHT's Kellan Lutz) is a teacher's assistant who finds himself in the most unlikely set of circumstances one could imagine: he survived a terrorist's bombing in Indonesia and is how having to be a witness for local detective Hashim (Ario Bayu).  But Jake's problem isn't the attack; rather, it's that he's not who he says he is, and the two men will have to join forces in order to stop a terrorist named Malik (Mickey Rourke) from absconding with `the Crown Jewels' and a beautiful sultan princess he intends to sell into sexual slavery!And therein lies the chief problem behind so very much of JAVA HEAT: its patchwork story.  None of these characters - not Jake, not Hashim, and not Malik - are every clearly defined so that an audience can either understand much less identify with them.  First, Jake's a teaching assistant; then he's some international FBI terrorism expert; then he's some AWOL military policeman.  As best as I can honestly tell you, his last identity is the only one that sticks; it's finally made perfectly clear in the film's closing sequence, but, by that point, should I or anyone really care?Stylistically, it's hard figuring out what to make of JAVA HEAT.  Its performances are stereotypical and predictable; its action pieces have all been done before; and its message of East triumphing over West appears as if it can only happen these days in similar cinematic fairy tales.  Its story is all over the map in terms of indicting the global society on behalf of the Indonesian people, and that's probably just what writer/director Conor Allyn intended: convince everyone that anyone but the Muslims are to blame for the shape our world is in, and you've done not only a good thing but also the right thing.  Has he and his co-writer Rob Allyn never heard about Sharia Law?  Oh, pardon me for perhaps stating the obvious because anyone with half-a-heart and a motion picture production crew knows better.Unfortunately, so much of JAVA plays out like a bad cup of coffee.  What little story there is makes no sense, and I have to wonder how much of this was actually left on the cutting room floor.  I say that because there's a scene about thirty minutes in wherein Lutz's character says to Bayu's character, "Hey, didn't we do great teamwork back there?"  (I'm paraphrasing.)  He's also given his Indonesian counterpart the nickname of `Hash' (short for Hashim).  The chief problem with this sequence is that we've yet to see these two actually work together in any way, shape, or form.  Clearly, something has been either removed to give this exchange its meaning or something went completely unfilmed; and a competent filmmaker and/or editor would've noticed the obvious storytelling gaffe and actually done something to fix it so that the narrative made sense.  It doesn't, and I spent the rest of the film realizing that this may've been by design as the script feels like a visual stew: it's all chocked full with scenes, plots, and characters excised from vastly superior films.Methinks the filmmakers hope the audience isn't watching too closely; that way, they're much more likely to enjoy JAVA HEAT.  They'll be stupefied to the action, or the young ladies will be suffering the vapors from seeing Lutz's naked body.  Me?  I just wanted it to, at some point, start to make some narrative sense.  Instead, it ends up feeling about 104 minutes way too long.JAVA HEAT is produced by Margate House Films and Margate House (???) along with some participation by IM Global and Zero Gravity Management.  DVD distribution is being handled by MPI Media Group and IFC Films.  As for the technical specifications, the film looks and sounds pretty solid, though there's a measure loss of audio quality in a few scenes (not a huge distraction).  Also, the film played as an "Official Selection" of the Dallas International and Taormina Film Festivals.  As is often the case with these smaller releases, there are no major special features to speak of save a short `making of' featurette and the theatrical trailer.MILDLY RECOMMENDED.  Despite a lack of effort, JAVA HEAT isn't entirely a complete waste.  Granted, that may not be saying much, but it's the truth.  Stylistically, it's a throwback to a time when action films were a bit kinder and gentler.  I've no doubt it'll impress audiences who don't look too closely; my problem may very well be that I do look closely, especially when it comes to storytelling.  Still, this is a Hollywood wet dream: the bad guys are the Americans, the French, and the Chinese, while those Sharia-lovin' Muslims are all just misunderstood by the rest of the world.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at IFC Films provided me with a DVD copy of JAVA HEAT by request for the expressed purposes of completing this review.
This entire documentary felt like an infomercial. Also, imagine a world where a news reporter tells you something other than the news: you lost me at hello.Bottom Line: I'd rather a wet paper bag talk to me. No. Energy. Whatsoever.
I don't think there will be a season 2 because this isn't a drama, it's more of a reality experiment that failed during the three months a group of people divided by caste; servants versus a British lordly family living in a 96 room restored manor house in the very early 1900's complete with two bathing rooms, chamber pots and a wood burning stove for the chef.Speaking of the chef, there were several close up shots of the man's hand's complete with dirty hands and especially blackened nails. That was too much reality for me even though I watched all the segments hoping 'til the bitter end for someone to explain the purpose of it all - I still don't know............
It wasn't my cup of tea. I know most romcoms stink but I gave this one a chance. Bad idea.
Joe Bastianich needs to be fired from MasterChef. He's shown in so many episodes that he's a drag on the show. This episode is no different and we are treated to Joe yelling about a steak with no sauce, while spittle flies out of his mouth, spraying his saliva over the cooked and plated steaks ready to be served. I bet that firefighter didn't know he ate his steak with some special Joe-sauce!  In other episodes he routinely mispronounces words that have been supplied to him by the producers as part of his lines, but which he's not smart enough to know. His bad acting as he tries to play the "heavy" of the three judges.  This guy is just dumb as dirt. He's lucky he was born to a successful celebrity chef-Mother whose restaurants he could inherit. Otherwise the closest he'd be to the restaurant business is the inside of a drive-through window.
This season was not as good as the other 5 seasons. I really enjoyed the other ones very much but was let downWith this one.
The protagonist is also  the antagonist is this waste-my-time failure. This has nothing to do with &#34;RPG games.&#34;I found this character study to be completely unbelievable; I didn't buy/believe the premise, the plot, or the resolution. A waste of time; you'd be better off watching the clock hands go around, and you'll get more out of it. Yes, the &#34;hero&#34; (ha) has zero charisma, and in my opinion zero appeal as someone worth wasting an hour or so watching him fail - fail to entertain, fail to elicit sympathy/empathy, fail to resolve his crisis, fail to convince me that this has anything to do with reality.If you tell a tale about not having a life, about being a slacker, do-nothing, no-personality, neurotic loser, you'd expect that character to develop; however, ripping a crutch away from someone and beating another person with it is not exactly my idea of a reasonable, rational resolution. I kept thinking, OK, here's where he wakes up, OK, here's where he &#34;gets it,&#34; but that never happens; he remains an unsavory, severely troubled, pathetic loser. He doesn't need a dungeon, he needs to be put in one.As far as the RPG experience, the film gets it completely wrong; in my experience, it is not an activity for the marginally sane or geeks, or whatever the other characters were trying to portray. In my experience, it was a wonderfully creative, funny, dramatic and entertaining experience that filled an evening with camaraderie, creativity and fun, fun, fun. Rolling a 20 die has provided me with about as intense and delightful experience as anything I've done, but that would be another movie, and nothing like this one. I played AD&D; with bright, successful, creative people with supple minds, watched brilliant  solutions to complex problems develop out of a sense of both entertainment, team-play and creativity.  It was not an exercise for losers, it was a unique experience filled with comedy and adventure and a deep feeling of group consciousness and self-expression.So this film did not advance my understanding or appreciation for anything, it did not satisfy my sense of what a movie should deliver for a viewer, and as a story, it failed to propose, illuminate, or resolve anything. The film gets a zero charisma.Skip this, *especially* if you were a DND player of old - your real games were way better and way more interesting than this unresolved mess.
Season one was very good.  The writers seem to have lost their way.  The plot is now incomprehensible.  Too bad, but like many shows, it simply ran off the rails.  Bizarre.
I enjoyed it till I figured out it was all faked.....the plot would be very interesting and compelling if it were true.  Money down the drain.
After the first two seasons, I lost interest. The doctor was going to solve case. The show lost all appeal.
Too much fighting, too much he say, she say. These are grown woman in their 40's. I can believe how they carry themselves. We all hate Karen and Ramona, these are terrible woman. Happy to know they will eventually be leaving the cast. We all like drama in a show but this is ridiculous from these very old woman.
Based on a shocking true story, An Officer and a Murderer on Lifetime is about a high-profile Canadian Air Force Officer, Col. Russell Williams, who was arrested and sent to prison for a string of brutal crimes.
What a great show this is. A great cast and a great premiss and it gets ruined because some network JERK doesnt care if he leaves people hanging at the end of a season .... no resolution in site. It makes watching the show a complete waste of time since it leaves you in limbo with no questions answered, and believe me, there are many , many questions left unanswered...the entire show becomes an enigma... this would be a 5 star show if it had anything close to an ending ...Boooooooooo!!!! Hissssssssssss!!!!
Reno 911 at one time was the best thing on TV for live action comedy.  Then, in the blink of an eye, it was quietly cancelled.  Never heard about why either.The show started out as a great spoof of police procedures and personnel; the cops were breaking all procedures and often the law itself on every show.  But, it was funny all the same, as most of us like to see satire about staid institutions like the law or law enforcement.The last season, shown on these disks, was brief, as were all the seasons of Reno 911.  Also, they changed the players, getting rid of the blonde police "bimbo" and Garcia, whether due to contractual problems or other reasons.  They added two "white guys" who were funny but made the show too "one dimensional" and actually dull.  They tried to use Wiegel to replace the blonde role as a "tart", and she was (very surprisingly) an attractive woman under the short hairdo.  After all is said, you come away feeling that the show was properly cancelled...
A few interesting characters, but nowhere near as interesting as &#34;Upstairs, Downstairs,&#34; or things of that ilk. But it is enjoyable.
I found the pilot of &#34;The After&#34; to be fun to watch ... but it reminded me of LOST in that it could and did go any which way it wanted to always trying to be interesting and hook the audience.  The end result of that we found out after 7 years was not too much and something that did not hold up.  If there is a point, and it can be drawn in and eventually closed in some satisfying story way, I'd watch it ....  but I can't really go positive or negative without knowing what it is about.
I watched perhaps 20 minutes of this movie because I like Michael Fassbender as an actor. Surely he wouldn't choose a second rate role in a second rate movie I thought. I was wrong. Though if you like a movie full of sword swinging but very little artistic irony and a predictable plot line you may like this one. For me however, after watching a little bit if this celluloid disappointment I gave up and clicked remove from list.
I saw the reviews on here and read some internet posts about how great this show was, so I bought it. I'd seen a clip of the show on the internet and thought it was interesting, but the lead just gave me bad vibes. Watching the first three episodes last night, I just couldn't take it anymore! Callie, his love interest, is totally annoying. She is a nurse who also goes to medical school and has a son. Jim is a know-it-all punk who always magically has the upper hand. There is no explanation at all for why or how he outsmarts everyone, he just does. The characters is very smug and unlikeable. Maybe he appeals to narcissistic Generation X and Y types, but not me. Furthermore, Jim doesn't have any depth. He is in jerk mode all of the time. He's not even vulnerable. This is the worst written show on TV!The character is just not believable as a cop. He acts like a rich prep schooler. I believe that he is supposed to be middle-class, but the writers probably can't even comprehend how to create a middle-class character, so they based one off of their own privileged lives. It's almost like they couldn't stand writing Callie as just a nurse, so they made her a nurse who is trying to be a doctor! Now she's classy enough for the show!I got bored during episodes. The shows I watched began with a murder, then just became disjointed as time went on. Jim would investigate, meet up with Callie, make sarcastic comments, then there would be a final magical scene that resolves everything perfectly. The Carlos Gomez character is the only interesting one that comes across as human, but even he has no chemistry with the lead.I just couldn't stand the show anymore and I put it up for sale. I really don't recommend it.
[Not to be confused with a 1999 comedy &#8220;Flypaper&#8221; starring Craig Sheffer.]The script of &#8220;Flypaper&#8221; is penned by Jon Lucas and Scott Moore, screenwriter team of &#8220;The Hangover.&#8221; This fact would tell you something about the film you are going to see. &#8220;Flypaper&#8221; is a crime comedy with a dark edge, centering on two bank robberies taking place at the same time and the same place. Like in &#8220;The Hangover,&#8221; things get even more complicated as the story goes on, worsening the already bad situation, but the laughs are fewer and farther between, compared with the Todd Phillips smash hit.In &#8220;Flypaper&#8221; two teams of bank robbers are trapped inside the bank, together with hostages, one of whom happens to be a customer Tripp Kennedy (Patrick Dempsey). Tripp soon notices that the seemingly coincidental events going on here could be masterminded by someone else, or someone among themselves.&#8220;Flypaper&#8221; starts out pretty well, with several silly but funny jokes on the part of the bank robbers, but as the contrived story gets chaotic and stagnant in the mid-section, where the focus shifts to the &#8220;mystery&#8221; that Patrick Dempsey&#8217;s character attempts to solve desperately. Sorry, but his &#8220;investigation&#8221; (or the subplot concerning his relationship with the teller played by Ashley Judd) is not very interesting, only slowing down the story that goes nowhere.Directed by Rob Minkoff, the film is a mildly amusing but ultimately disappointing crime comedy.
A feel good movie, that is if you manage to watch it until the endBecause the interest factor falls rapidly after the first 10 minutes, but still at the endit leaves you with a pleasant feeling, and makes you think about the important things in life.The story is one of mystery. The father/scientist (Rufus Sewell, not playing the bad guy here) disappears one day without a trace, leaving behind a wife(Gillian Anderson, the goddess of sci fi that looksreally great at this age) and a son (Haley Joel Osment, let me spare you the brain pressure to try toremember him, he has the kid in AI) . They live a crappy life after that. Enter the grand father (tv starVictor Garber) who manages to convince the son that his dad has travelled back in time to meetEinstein. And yes it is all math and crazy physics for a while after that, since both of them decideto re-create the machine that the father made and try to reach him back into the past.An easy, kind of boring plot, but again with a really nice end. AND IT HAS A GREAT TWIST!Typically, it is a sci fi movie, although of the more theoretical level.And if you don't believe me that a sci fi movie can exist without mad aliens and explosions,then what you call the fact that a college student/genius has a flip phone in 2012?This 2013 movie has a 5.9 Rating in IMDB and and 5.1 on Rotten Tomatoes if you care forsuch ratings.This is a movie you can watch with your girlfriend!
Going to have to show me something to make this one different. I may watch it, but am tired of cop shows
Do not waste your money or time watching this fake "mystery-documentary". This show is another in the recent trend of tricking people into buying a program with the enticement that they are going to see a documentary about a subject that is new or at least out of the mainstream but are instead shown 44 minutes of an unqualified host getting on planes, driving in cars, hiking and camping out, sometimes talking to supposed indigenous people and lots of talking to other unqualified "experts" about how mainstream (translation: real experts) don't agree with what they say in the script. It's obvious that the host and his gaggle of fake experts don't believe a word of the gibberish they spout. This program's host is one of the poorest actors. None of the hosts of these fraudulent "mystery-documentaries" do a very good job of convincing you that they actually believe the nonsense they recite from the script. This program's host is utterly unconvincing, obviously unqualified and unacceptably foul-mouthed. He obviously thinks he's being edgy when he cusses which kills any likability. This series was conceived by a gang of unscrupulous people who wanted to get in on the 'Ancient Aliens' misrepresentation bonanza. And no, it's not "good fun". It is not funny that people are making and selling these fabricated "mystery-documentaries".
Lasted about 30 min.  Not my type of naked women. I didn't feel it was worth the $3 I spent.
Really enjoyed Season 1 and that's why I purchased season 2 - but the roles became a bit too quirky and totally unreal and I did not like that Detective Reese was replaced - did not like the chemistry between them.I have one last episode to watch and am not rushing to watch it.  However, Damian is a fabulous actor - great facial acting.
Dumbest series, not funny, cute or smart. Why watch such losers? This isn't Amazon's fault; it's the producer's of this lame show.
This show is alright, the first wife Paulie looks miserable all the time and no fun at all.  Hard to see her crack a smile and when she does it looks fake.  The other wifes seem o . K .  Do not really get a chance of knowing much about this family.  The set up is weird.  Does he only see his wifes alone when they are in bed about to go to sleep. I MISS SISTER WIVES, that is my favorite and they have more personality, and real emotions then this show.  Plus Cody, he is awesome and full of energy.  Five wives they are boring.  Sister wives is much better.
The story line is generally good. They are attempting to show that the time period had the same morals as today. This is a good show that could have been better by telling the true depiction of life in Kenya at the time, instead they wish to make a political and moral statement concerning gays of the time being accepted and not looked at as immoral behavior. The truth would have been a better statement and true for the times. I hope that the program starts to go along a better line as I finish watching the season. Then maybe I will have a better rating for it.
A widower Michael Farr (Ciar'an Hinds) starts to see and hear things in his house. For instance, he sees the ghost of his father in-law....when he's not even dead yet. Since Michael's the driver for a beautiful author of supernatural fiction Lena Morella (Iben Hjejle), he figures that he should get her opinion about what's going on. The two start to get closer, but a married author (Aiden Quinn) that's obsessed with Lena is always around acting as if he's Lena's boyfriend.I think I just told you the whole movie lol. The Eclipse, is only an hour and 23 minute movie, but an hour and 27 minutes if you count the credits. During that time you just get a lot of talking and Michael having brief encounters. Hinds is excellent, but the movie could have used another half an hour to give us a fully realized story.The film is a nice quiet supernatural thriller like the Sixth Sense and I wanted to like it but it never really got off the ground. Yes, I jumped a few times but we never really get answers to why this guy is being haunted. The movie was just over as soon as I started getting into it.
He's a video voyeur, she's deceitful, he's a 3rd wheel and together they're....unsympathetic.  He's arrogant, she's snotty, he's a tool and together they're... obnoxious.  He's gone, she's hysterical, he's psychotic and together they're...spineless.So just to recap, we have a cast of characters that are: unsympathetic, obnoxious, spineless and in survival horror if the victims suck the killer at least has to be interesting but "A Night in the Woods" gives us neither; just 83 minutes of found footage dramarama and the possibility that there MIGHT be something insidious lurking in a woods that's in desperate need of the forest equivalent of propecia.  :(
I don't know why this show was pulled from the air, it has some genuinely intriguing store and plot devices. It is fun to watch
A little convoluted... this story of how Gianni Versace was the victim of a serial killer suffers from a lot of expositional dialogue. The writers seem to struggle to fit Gianni's epic life into two hours, plus tell the story of his murder. They almost could've made two movies, his tale is so mythic. It's both glamorous and sad, and his death affected his family for years after it occurred.I think they still have another, better movie about his death out there (with a bigger budget), but this is worth a Sunday afternoon. The book was SO much, much better! THAT was truly a blockbuster of a book, with details on his childhood, building his business, his lovers, fashion shows and parties, family quarrels over his inheritance, and finally, his demise.
I think I like it, I'm not sure yet. I may have to watch another episode or two to decide.
Falling Skies is a reasonably well thought-out alien apocalyptic drama with good special effects, well-developed character sets and a story line that has fairly good continuity.  While it's certainly not the best TV sci-fi drama - it's definitely worth the view.
This is a tedious slow boring movie of Scottish people trying to be funny....They are not.  I made it 45 minutes before finally turning it off in disgust.  I think the Director's family wrote the rest of these reviews as the seem to have no concept of character development or an interesting story...
The film immediately reminds one of &#34;2001: A Space Odyssey.&#34; A crew of people head out to one of Jupiter's moon to search for life and communications is lost giving a new meaning to the phrase &#34;The Jupiter Effect.&#34; Like &#34;2001&#34; the film doesn't spend a lot of time building character, but admittedly this production does a better job, but then what film didn't. In &#34;2001&#34; the sell was special effects. The crew of this feature are the best no accent English speaking white/Asian scientists and engineers from around the globe.Science fiction wise, the movie addresses some of the issues of a Europa mission such as the deadly radiation that comes from Jupiter. Radiation destroys cell structure making the existence of large complex organisms questionable. People are sent to Europa because an &#34;unmanned probe wasn't going to do it.&#34; Personally I would have sent maybe one or two just to be sure.The movie utilizes camera logs and installed video cameras on board to give the film a modern hand held low budget &#34;Paranormal&#34; feel to it. Indeed, like so many films in this genre, one must wait for nearly the last scene to see a glimpse of &#34;it.&#34; For me the introduction of multiple installed cameras as a substitute for a film cheapened the production.Parental Guide: No f-bombs, sex, or nudity.
If I could use one adjective to describe the Bachelor despite the numerous picks that cross my mind; *cheesy* & *ridiculous* being some, the particular word I do feel strongly about is *desperate*.Desperate for fame, recognition, attention, and obviously getting a man into their lives who can buy them expensive objects they can droll on for eternity. The show producers are desperate for ratings.Haven't anyone noticed that almost all the hand picked Bachelors are slim, youthful, successful, above average in financial well fare and model like looking? and that all the contestants are also the same?I have yet to find one season that is starring an obese or overweight bachelor that does not have a six pack but is actually sweet and gentle Or I have yet to see one season where the contestants don't all look like Kate Moss in her best years and don't even get me started on how 97% of them are ethnically white. *Gasp* did I just call the Bachelor racist?Their Hollywood mentality aside, the notion of the show is laughable and pathetic. Finding the love of your life on a prime time reality series is like finding a nutritional value in processed junk food. Why do these people need to go on TV to marry someone? And even if they ended up marrying it would be for all the wrong reasons. These people cannot assist their qualities as spouses if the only time to get to see and know each other is to make a show in front of the camera.This show could be scripted and I would be happier if it was. the relief of knowing there aren't any stupid people out there. However, sadly it doesn't look like it and there are such people.
The real Hannibal ( Anthony Hopkins)  is missing, the actor that is playing Hannibal is just ok to me. The story lines are good.
Needs a little more &#34;Law and Order&#34; style polish. Moved too slow for me and my family after years of L&O.
fun to watch, good cast. one more season to go to get caught up.  I will do it before September
Its okay, for a web video based show, it could be anyone doing it tho, no extra points come from it being rob D. Its funny enough...in like an AFHV kind of way....
Is this a series with a story line that gets divulged through the episodes? Or a drama in which each episode has a self-contained story? I do not know and I suspect that the producers/directors don't know either. In an attempt to promote a second season, the ending is totally unexpected and leaves you with a feeling of &#34;job not done&#34;.
It used to be my favorite food show, even better than Top Chef. But it's become too personality driven and too gimicky. It's no longer about the food and the kitchen skills. I'd watch it on Prime, but not willing to pay per view on Amazon Instant Video. Love Gail Simmons, but the producers are messing this one up -- big time!
Decent story line, no dramatics, no suspense. Real interviews are lame and seem like they are interviewing for a UFO abduction, very Sci-Fi. (Which is not a bag thing.)
Wanted to like this show about multinational Doctors working in a 'MASH' type hospital in the war zone of Afghanistan; but didn't. The premise has tons of potential and the Actors are all fine, but it just didn't 'grab me' and I'm a fan of most medical shows (House, Nurse Jackie). Sometimes its easy to think the networks are 'idiots' cause they cancel shows after 1 season that are really, really good and I love finding 'gems' like that on Amazon for purchase. And sometimes, they cancel a show like this--and I can see why. Its not horrible, its just not that compelling to spend time watching in my view and somebody else might love it!
I thought this show could be interesting, but the people in this show are largely empty, petty, and detached from reality.  If you like watching people obsessed with superficiality catering to overly-wealthy and often arrogant clients, go for it.  Otherwise, this is just another example of the cultural weakness our country too often places on a pedestal.Bickering, hungering for money, complaining about meaningless things--this flop of a show has it all.  Just a terrible way to waste your time.  Honestly, the show is just plain boring most of the time.  So you get annoyed by horrible people and bored to death when you are not.AVOID AT ALL COSTS.  A day on laxatives is more satisfying.
I love Revenge and find most episodes to be deserving of at least 3 or 4 stars.  Ready for it to be done though.
Following hot on the heels of FOX's runaway success "Sleepy Hollow", WGN throws their hat in the ring of prime-time television with a blunt attempt at a more "adult" revisiting of New England's spooky lore.Unfortunately, "Salem" is historical revisionist drama by the numbers demonstrating a complete cultural and ideological disconnect to the period setting, featuring lurid thrills and a shallow undercurrent of eroticism where viewers are treated to a cast of hygienically challenged men, sexually repressed and typically hot women all set in an anachronistic, neo-Wiccan/Puritan dichotomy.For the record I love the horror genre (look at my review page if you're in doubt), but when it comes to unsympathetic or moronically inaccurate fiction that portrays a historical figure such as Cotton Mather (who graduated from Harvard at the age of 15, was a gifted preacher, theologian, historian and scholar of ancient languages, active in philanthropy ranging from the education of former slaves to pensions for retired clergy, a prolific author whose extant works are still considered examples of classic American literature  and was not known to have attended a single witch trial) as an ignorant and bigoted zealot who spends his days behind a pulpit and his evenings at the local brothel is to me inexcusable and demonstrates more contempt than artistic license.Contempt seems to be a primary motivation behind the writing for this series best exemplified by the central character John Alden (think Hugh Jackman from "Van Helsing") who in an impassioned speech at a bloody trial, declares the citizens of Salem to be "murdering, hypocritical, Puritan bastards" thus giving modern audiences the opportunity to engage in something C.S. Lewis called chronological snobbery while simultaneously summarizing what little subtext this show possesses."Salem": intellectually shallow but heavy on gore and sex.... sounds like a recipe for success.  :o)
I didn't like that so many stereotypes were used. The smart boys were inept socially while the main girl character does not have a high IQ but does have a high EQ (Emotional IQ). This is playing too much to stereotypes. I also didn't care for some the language: i.e. &#34;brain fart&#34; and &#34;wedgies&#34;. I'm glad I watched this before considering showing it to my daughter and son. Needless to say my children will not be watching this show.
nice characters with decent chemistry; some of this loosing one's own personality while hanging out with very baad people goes on but this setup is way too awkward. I also hate the random -- you can't stream this episode.
I guess I like the idea, but I still find it hard to like the lead character.  I think they should blast him.  I'll continue watching, but hope they develop a better lead.  They need to kill Pope to, his character is a bit ridiculous.
i wasn't sure what to think of this. was it a parody? am i to take it seriously? it played like a 3am &#34;you can become a millionaire in real estate with no money down&#34;. look at my really over priced watch. i only had to serve 15 yrs in a violent prison for it. winning?
I love the fringe series, but this 5th/final season was the worst.  The DVD design/quality/ execution was fantastic, but the content is just not up to par.  I knew this before purchase, but i wanted the collection.  The series is on Netflix till the end of 2014 (from what i understand) so buy now before the price goes up.  Also, walmart and best buy are no longe carrying the UV version of Fringe, so i would recommend purchasing through Amazon.
If you overlook the REALLY stupid stuff, then this show passes the time.For example, every alien planet they go to speaks English when not even every nation on Earth speaks it!  Or, They continuely use P90's, a weapon designed as a sidearm for vehicle crewman and using, essentially a pistol cartridge, as a main battle rifle against what appear to be armored opponenets who are amazingly resistant to trauma to begin with.  To top that off, they are blowing WAY more ammunition than they could possibly be carryiing with them.  Sorry,  I am an old Infantryman, you can never have enough ammo but Dang!  These guys blow it like it is going out of style and would run dry in seconds.  unless they have a tractor trailor loaded down, like the one obviously setting behind the camera, there is just no way they could possibly operate.  A more realistic weapon would be a heavier caliber rifle round, with more &#34;punch&#34; to penetrate and trasfer kinetic energy to the types of targets they are engaging.  I would take a nice German G3 myself.  Even an old fashioned Ak47 would be better than what they are toting around.I also get a kick out of them using AT-4 unguided anti-tank rockets like they are stinger missiles, against aircraft.  Did the producers ever bother to consult with ANYONE who has ever been in ANY military?  Just wondering.This IOA, an international control organization, that does not know its butt from a whole in the ground, being mindlessly placed in charge of something which is clearly funded entirely by the United States and which is made up almost entirely of US personnel, is a bit disgusting also.  At least make them seem compotent and not so disgusting.All of that said, there is a lot of action and the charachters are intersting.  The individual show plots are mildly intrigueing.  As modern &#34;bad TV&#34; goes, this is better than most.
the movie was about monsters that are foreign to us and how the governments  and people decide to react to the situation
If this could be any more boring it would be a blank screen. I feel asleep, twice trying to watch the first episode. Same old formula that has been used in TV SCI-FI since the 1970s. The acting is very shallow, the story makes little sense and the whole thing moves so slow I prayed it would end.Funny concepts like aliens not being able to detect the humans in small groups who are just a block away from the landing site in a makeshift fortress is too absurd for me. How bout aliens can't detect you if you didn't wash your feet because the cheesy odor blocks your natural human scent.The writer, Rodat, was really reaching. The whole show is TV's Latest Epic Fail.
Proxy feels kind of like a bad Ingmar Bergman drama crossed with an even worse Brian De Palma thriller.  The story starts off being about a pregnant young woman who is viciously attacked outside her obgyn's office but after a couple of twists turns out to be about something else entirely.  Proxy is way too slow and talky to work as a thriller with its two hour plus running time but the acting and writing are too campy for the movie to work as a drama, so you're basically left with a painfully slow exercise in watching unbalanced people do unbelievable things.  I would avoid this but some people might find Proxy's odd tone and twisted characters appealing.
But hey, Amazon only charges $100./yr for &#34;Prime&#34; membership to watch all the trash we wish for no extra fee!This is the last time I'll be signing up for it.
I really wanted to like the characters, but just when I thought they were interesting, they broke out into song which did absolutely nothing for the plot or the character.  Sorry guys, this one wasn't for me.
This show is entertaining....some big personalities, competition, always interesting to see what they find and what it is worth. lots of drama.
Horrible acting, LAME concept. Utterly disappointed! I barely made it through 3 shows without poking my eyes out! Don't bother watching.
I love James Purefoy. This movie was okay, it had good scenes, and the stroy line was okay. But not as good as so many other of his projects.
&#8220;Room 237&#8221;, subtitled &#8220;Being an Inquiry into &#8216;The Shining&#8217; in Nine Parts&#8221;, is a film by Rodney Ascher that features five unorthodox theories of hidden meanings in Stanley Kubrick&#8217;s great 1980 horror film &#8220;The Shining.&#8221; The theories are narrated by their authors: Jay Weidner, John Fell Ryan, Juli Kearns, Geoffrey Cocks, and Bill Blakemore. We never see these narrators. They speak as we watch clips from &#8220;The Shining&#8221;, from other Kubrick films, and clips from other vaguely relevant media. Some examples of the theories presented are: a Holocaust subtext, genocide of American Indians, subliminal sexual  imagery, repeated Minotaur imagery, and the idea that Stanley Kubrick has left clues to his complicity in faked Apollo 11 moon landing footage in &#8220;The Shining&#8221;.It goes without saying that some of these theories are more plausible than others. I don&#8217;t know anyone who has seen &#8220;The Shining&#8221; who didn&#8217;t get the impression that the film alluded to some injustice done to American Indians, as the Overlook Hotel was purportedly built on an American Indian burial ground, whose tribe attempted to defend it. And there is deliberate American Indian imagery in the film &#8211;a picture on a wall, cans of Calumet baking soda on a shelf, for example. The Holocaust was a big mass murder or attempted genocide that occurred in Kubrick&#8217;s formative years, so it wouldn&#8217;t surprise me if he incorporated some imagery of Nazi Germany, consciously or unconsciously, into a film in which images of death and fear of death play a big role.I have to admit that the theory that Stanley Kubrick shot fake moon landing footage of the Apollo 11 mission and hid clues to that fact in &#8220;The Shining&#8221;, whose themes reflect Kubrick&#8217;s personal dilemma in doing secret work for the government and having to hide it from everyone is entertaining. Some of the other theories are not so entertaining. Some of the &#8220;evidence&#8221; to support these theories cannot be seen unless you view the movie frame-by-frame, which Kubrick probably did not do. Many have obvious and mundane explanations. Some are continuity errors that Kubrick probably didn&#8217;t care about &#8211;or perhaps thought they were funny. The point that Juli Kearns makes that the internal lay-out of the hotel is impossible (she tried to map it) is true and noticeable when watching the film.I like to hear the theories by obsessive &#8220;Shining&#8221; fans. And watching the clips from &#8220;The Shining&#8221; reminded me of what a beautiful film that was. But, ultimately, I felt that these theories would have been better expressed as essays, which they probably were originally. I got the impression that the narrators developed their theories online, at fan web sites. It is helpful to be able to see what they are referring to in &#8220;The Shining&#8221; as they explain it. However, the filmmakers&#8217; attempt to organize the theories into 9 parts doesn&#8217;t work well. It seems scattershot and disorganized. The film jumps from theory to theory and back again, and narrators are recognized only by their voices and their theory, which is sometimes confusing. And &#8220;Room 237&#8221; is too long by half an hour.The DVD (MPI Home Video 2013): There is an audio commentary by Kevin &#8220;mstrmnd&#8221; McLeod, who is another &#8220;Shining&#8221; theorist. He declined to be interviewed for the film, but he has contributed an audio track with his theories as well as comments on this film. I didn&#8217;t listen to the whole thing, but what I heard was thoughtful and worth a listen if you want to hear more theorizing. Subtitles for the film are available in English SDH and Spanish. There is also a trailer included on the disc (1  min). I believe there are more bonus features on Disc 2 DVD and on the Blu Ray.
Glades is an enjoyable watch because the actors play interesting characters and do it well. The surprising thing is that after watching 4 shows I now know how to fully predict each story. The writer's formula is overly simplistic and repetitive.  Humor saves most scenes and in the middle of a weak thread we get to like the main characters and actually care about them. There just needs to be a bit more intrigue and mystery than currently exists.  We'll see how the seasons develop.
I expected like a small prequel or sequel from the original movie but, it was more of  documentary of the actors and their thoughts during the making.
Interesting enough. Some of this was new to me, some not, but the show is a lot better than most on history channel.
It's getting old; a comedy about politicians who do nothing but drink and chase and scheme to get reelected.  John Goodman's character is not likeable and that is the worst part.  He can liven up most anything, but it doesn't work here.
My first impression following the premier was a one star rating. The next three episodes got better as well as the acting.Later episodes remains on par and my rating of three stars held throughout. I am happy to see the series on Prime so I could see the final five episodes sans commercials.
I was excited to see something new from Chris Carter and immediately watched this pilot.  It started out relatively interesting, even looking past the clich&eacute; everyone's-trapped-in-an-elevator plot device, particularly the added clich&eacute; of including one of each possible personality type and demographic.Worse yet, the old-age make-up they applied to the younger actress playing Francis (the elderly female character) is terrible.As for plot, character development, and overall storytelling, I was underwhelmed.  Practically nothing of worth happens in the entire episode.(Itsy bitsy spoilers ahead)The show opens with our rag-tag group of people trapped in the aforementioned elevator, then trapped in a parking garage before they finally make it out due to some cringe-worthy plot devices (the self-proclaimed innocent fugitive comes back for everyone despite having held them all at gunpoint only an hour earlier.The riot we see over the ambulance they've commandeered is ridiculous, but what's more ridiculous is the fact that they expect us to believe that although the unruly mob was rage-filled enough to nearly tip the vehicle on their way out, they did nothing as it made its way in?  What??Let's move on.  Things happen, revelations occur, heavy-handed Biblical references emerge, stereotypical thugs cause trouble, a French woman cries, and Chris Carter shows us all how terrible he is at directing when he's out of practice.This episode was directed as if an art student was behind the camera.  One with a C-grade average.  The cuts are odd and abrupt, the shots are awkward, the attempts to mask low budget's limitations with camera trickery get lazier and lazier.  The ending of the episode (which I won't share) feels forced.  Like Chris was writing the episode and thought, "Oh s***...nothing's happened and it's still not interesting.  I'd better throw in something really effing weird."  And that's just what he did.Perhaps the story will pan out in the long run, but I have lost interest in seeing the next chapter.  The bad plot development, clich&eacute; characters who act uncharacteristically (the escort skinny dips then gets mad that the sleaze ball is watching her??  HUHHH??), extremely terrible directing...all these things come together to make a perfect storm of "Never mind."
Made republicans look like silly hypocrites. I was offended at first but then my sense of humor kicked in. I give it a 3 out of 5
I love Natalie Zea but this show doesn't cut it for me... I might watch if free but compared to the other shows, it is not as good.  The only cool thing I guess was including the FOX pregame crew..  Obvious stuff with cocky QB being shown up and the old washed up QB getting the call...  I would pass if I were Amazon..
I'm tired of the two-part episodes, especially when there isn't even a dinner service in the first one. Creating extra challenges (and some joke challenges) feels like padding. It's time to hustle this season to an end. We've seen enough of these cooks already.
This show is funny at times but the humor is really juvenile, and though that can be okay at times it tends to wear thin after a while.
This show is a series of melodramatic storylines and overly-pop-styled songs that numb the brains of people matured beyond childhood and the tweens.  These eye-roll-inducing scenes are punctuated by genuinely funny appearances by Jane Lynch.  Her comedy is a raw, edgy, intelligent addition to a show that is basically the demons of American Idol possessing a school.If you are a fan of American Idol, Disney teeny bopper shows, and show tunes, watch this.  If not, run for the hills!Vapid melodrama run amuck with Jane Lynch injected to help you keep your sanity.AVOID.
It amazes me that such an amazing actor can star in such crap sometimes. This and the one where he works in the photo shop....crap!!!
I'm a huge Errol Morris fan.  Making good documentaries takes serious courage but when the subject of your film is an infamous  question dodger you better be prepared to ask tough questions and push him for real answers.  This film leads you don't a rabbit hole to nowhere.  I'm pissed that Morris allows Rumsfeld to smile mockingly at the camera for an hour and say absolutely nothing of consequence.  I rented a curtain reveal but instead of a brand new car I wound up with the 1970's vacuum.  Thanks a lot Jim.
Are you f'ning kidding me?! this is an excuse for hipster parents to seem cool. I am sorry nothing in this show has every brought me, my kids or the world joy. I put this on the other day for my 1 and a half year old and my 5 year old. My youngest watched it for like 5 minutes and vomited, and the older one begged me to turn it off, HE BEGGED!!
Just not my type of show.
To me, this episode seems to take everything wrong with Fringe and pack it into one, plodding, tedious and at times, deeply annoying script.  Walter Bishop is at his most annoying and boring.  Peter and Olivia are weak and ineffective. The big reveal takes so long and, really, in the end, so little is revealed, you just want it to be over.  With respect to Walter Bishop's acid trip?  Trust me, there is nothing more boring than someone else's acid trip. Walter's acid trip is no exception. I think Disney should sue them for using a very recognizably disneyesque animated fairy. And then there's the Monte Python animation sequence.Aimless, drawn out plot developments. Everything that usually makes a Fringe episode exciting or interesting is eliminated. It's claustrophobic. Absolutely minimal forward plot movement. Forgettable dialogue. No suspense.  One scene of pointless and unconvincing violence. Utter absence of interesting supportive characters. Rehash upon rehash. No new ideas - zero. Utter lack of wit or humor. And on and on. And the director seems to take delight in sapping whatever life there is in this sorry script with excruciatingly slow pacing.  Everything that can be wrong with a TV episode is wrong with this one. It's enough to make you dread the next episode.  Right now, it looks like the season is going nowhere.  Or the show's creators have no idea what to do with the plot and don't really seem to care.
&#8220;This group really is all for one and one for all.&#8221; Hannah Rinaldi (Cuoco) has just been accepted into a writer&#8217;s group. The group is full of aspiring writers who are all excellent&#8230;in their own minds. Each writer is trying to make their own path to stardom and being published. When Hannah gets a break the rest of the group becomes jealous and the real personalities are shown. I have to start by saying that I thought this was very funny and I laughed a lot, on the other hand though this is not for everyone. The movie is a &#8220;mock-umentary&#8221; and is very much like Best In Show or Mighty Wind. The humor is for a select group but if you are into this type of comedy you will love this movie. Each character is funny but Dennis Farina&#8217;s Tom Clancy type character really steals the movie and this is worth watching just for him. Overall, very very funny but again, for a select group of people. If you like the Christopher Guest improv movies like Best In Show you will like this. I laughed a lot. I give this a B+.
This show was entertaining, but that's it.  There was nothing gripping about it and I can honestly see why it was never picked up for a second season.  It's worth watching but nothing more.
Note to Hollywood and beyond: I've really grown tired with trick endings.  It isn't that I don't like then because, frankly, I do.  It's that most of them aren't done all that well any longer.  As a matter of fact, once you know you're trapped inside a motion picture that undoubtedly will have a trick ending (the first giveaway is that you can tell one's coming), then you begin w-a-t-c-h-i-n-g the film yet you stop watching the story.  You find yourself glancing at shadows.  You listening for verbal clues to secret identities or dropped Easter eggs.  You're seeing that body over in the corner of the screen, and you're wondering, "Hey, why is it the director never shows me who that dead guy is over there?"  At that point, it's stopped being a legitimately entertaining experience and started being an exercise in cognitive reasoning ... and that's not the reason I spun the disc in the first place!(NOTE: the following review will contain spoilers solely necessary for the discussion of character and plot.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I suggest you skip down to the last paragraph for my final assessment.  If, however, you're comfortable with a few hints of `things to come,' then read on ...)George (played nicely by the reliable Rupert Evans) is a down-on-his-luck musician who - in order to make ends meet - takes a job as `chef' at the local insane asylum.  (Where did he get such a romantic background and why is it he can only find a job cooking at a virtual prison?  Ah, ah, ah!  Don't start looking so closely so soon, viewer!)  In order to make his existence a bit more palatable, he somehow manages to have all of the members of his band also hired at the said institution.  (Wait a minute ... how exactly does that happen?  Ah, ah, ah!  I warned you about thinking too much about the plot!)  But before you can say `twaddle,' a freak electric storm knocks out all power to the normally secured building (AND the back-up generators?!?!), and George and his friends are left locked behind bars with time running out on their own sanity as the inmates seize control!  (Well, how in the Sam Hill is that even remotely ... FOR THE LAST TIME, DIDN'T I WARN YOU TO STOP THINKING ABOUT IT?!?!)ASYLUM BLACKOUT didn't make much sense from the get-go, but, to its strengths, it's certainly grounded in some solid work by all the players, a wonderfully moody atmosphere complete with all of the usual `locked box' scenarios, and some fine dark'n'gritty filmmaking.  Were that enough, I'd probably be willing to give it more than a respectable two-and-one-half stars (most of which is solely for some solid technical and acting prowess); but, sadly, all of it revolves around a central conceit of the trick ending.  I couldn't tell you exactly when I started to suspect exactly "What" was going on - it's fairly predictable as a trick ending, I might add - though, based on my description of the plot, methinks you can tell it was early on.Narratively, it is structured very well.  It's a tidy 90 minutes, broken into clear thirds like a classic three-act play.  The first 30 minutes is set-up of all the players; the second 30 is when the black-out occurs and everything goes downhill fast; while the final 30 clearly begins pointing toward the ruse you'll probably see coming.  Suffice it to say, folks aren't exactly what they seem ... but the critical failure of the particular subterfuge of S. Craig Zahler and Jerome Fansten's script is that, by the final third, there's no room left for subtlety.  What should play out as mind games end up being something fairly close to torture porn - a plot device used way too frequently in horror films these days.To further beat the dead horse, the dodge they use makes little sense to the chronology of the film: the final moments are a book-ended revisitation of the picture's opening segment, forcing you - the viewer - to suddenly realize what you may have just seen may, in fact, NOT be what you just saw.  While others might find this `genius' or `groundbreaking,' I found it more than a bit fraudulent.MODESTLY RECOMMENDED.  It's probably a one-off picture for most people (meaning it's worth a single viewing).  The ultimate problem with ASYLUM BLACKOUT isn't in its performances or execution; rather, it's in its conception.  Given the nature of the story - think of a really good episode of `The Twilight Zone' that went too far - is that once you know the ending, you have to re-evaluate everything you've seen heading up to it.  When you look too closely at the seams, then suddenly you realize you're W-A-T-C-H-I-N-G a movie instead of being immersed in one - the way you are a really good book.  Instead of enjoying it, you realize that you've been duped - and not in a good way - only now you've wasted the last 90 minutes and can't get `em back ... which is kinda/sorta like what happens to George.
This was very violent and almost 95% battle scenes between two rival family battling for control of territory.  The story line was weak and hard to follow.
I didn't think the acting was very good.  I wouldn't recommend this series to my family or friends.  Story too typical.
update: ok, i've watched more episodes of this and my interest has dropped with each one. i like fox but sitting through this show is becoming excruciating so i will no longer be watching.  the biggest problem is that it is not funny and it is a sitcom.  i enjoyed him so much more in his roles on THE GOOD WIFE and RESCUE ME. he was outstanding in those. but they weren't comedies.  it is really too bad they simply didn't just do a spin off with his character from GOOD WIFE. i am dropping this to three stars.  i like him too much to give him any less.my original review follows:i've seen two episodes of this show and i would say it is promising.  it is the kind of show that needs to build its characters so it can find out which ones are working with fox.  then it needs to cut the characters who aren't working well with him. the only way to tell this is by trying them out on the audience.  fox himself is delivering but he needs to find those characters who will be the best comedy foils for him. i remember early episodes of THE MIDDLE, which is now one of my favorite shows.  there was a whole subplot with a car dealership and another with the mother's aged relatives.  those were cut and the focus tightened on the three children, husband and wife and became much, much better. presently fox has one heck of a lot of characters revolving around him. they are: a wife, three children, a sister in the same building, a network boss, a network assistant and an upstairs neighbor. so far my strongest positive reactions are to him with the youngest kid and his screw up sister. much as i love betsy brandt from BREAKING BAD, it will take me awhile to stop thinking of her as DEA agent hank's wife and begin thinking of her as michael j. fox's wife.fox plays a news anchor. the most successful comedies with news anchors have been played by Phil Hartmann and Ted Knight. both of these highly comedic actors made themselves the butts of all jokes though as egotistical and inept tv newsmen.  fox won't be able to play it that way, not with the strong parkinson's disease element to the show.  those two would clash horribly. he was great as the lawyer on THE GOOD WIFE and that might have been an easier profession to use.i will keep watching for now. i thin it is at least 50-50 on being able to pull it off.  however, it needs to go into another time slot.  it is up against robin williams as a comedically riffing adman.  that show is killing this show in the ratings. a show which heavily features a disease cannot go up again one of the most popular stand up comics of all time doing his thing.
This movie is the example of why you should have a strong outline plot, it's seems pasted together to a degree. However the editor managed to actually come up with a story here. Giant creatures that look like  walking octopusses! are taking over parts of mexico and two people must travel through the infected zone to get back to the United States. That's the story although it was the editor and director who finally figured this out I guess. The effects look great though! Which shows even a low budget movie these days CAN look fantastic unlike the low budget movies of yesteryear who had no cgi effects. THat being said I am sure many people were not happy that the movie is all taking place in jungle territory and northern mexico is all desert and mountains! The movie was shot in Guatelmala which is all jungle. Ok, the acting is fine and these days you can make a fine movie with limited equipment. No giant screens to block sunlight and such but still having no script and no idea what you want is not the best way to make a movie. This however turned out to be a an ok low budget movie with really good special effects. Like I said ten years ago the effects at this budget would have been at a far different level.  The blu ray looks great and you get lots of extras too.  So I would say that if you rent this one you'll be happy enough with it. I think the one star reviewers would probably hate all the really old sci fi movies out there so ignore em.
I wish I hadn't wasted my money. I fine this series not funny at all. It's full of talk of oral sex and stupidity. If I could, I'd get my money back. Don't waste your time or money
I loved Six Feet Under and The United States of Tara so I was ready to like this show, but I couldn't stand it.  There comes a point where the show transcends honesty and goes for weird and salacious.  The show was just strange and I didn't feel anything for any of the characters.  Not worth the bandwidth to download.
There are so many other better shows that are coming out right now, please don't waste your funding on this. This represents everything that is wrong with all the terrible shows on TV right now. If we could stop wasting our time on terrible shows like this, and start focusing more time on better shows like Those Who Can't or Onion News Empire, then we would have better TV. I vote no thank you for this one.
Not a fan of this series. It has its moments and can be funny and has good drama and action at times.  Charactors are weird and crazy. The perso I got it for loves this series and really enjoyed it. So I am glad my friend is happy.  One of his favorite series. I can do without it. Take it or leave it.
For some reason I find this show entertaining and kind of addicting...as an adult.  Since the show is about 15-16 year old sophomores in high school, I can imagine it is marketed to young teenagers (maybe even as young as 12...).  The show is completely inappropriate for teenagers!  There is a lot of foul language (it is bleeped out, but it's obvious what they are saying), sex and underage drinking.  I hope to God this show is nowhere near the reality in our high schools today.  This is definitely an adult-only show.  Watch it after the kids are in bed!
Not cool.  Love the lead actress.  Just not into this type of comedy.  Sorry Amazon.  I am required to write more words so let me just say that I don't want to watch the next episode.  I didn't even finish the pilot.
I refuse to pay for the outrageous cable and satellite network package deal prices because you are paying for shows you don't watch or are included with your packages. Thats why I love the options that are available on Amazon, Netflix, Hulu and other streaming providers. These services allow me to watch shows that I otherwise would not be able to view. Ok, enough about my rants on cable and sat. providers and on with the show.I have watched every episode of SOA at least twice now and have a decent knowledge of the show and it's characters and the storyline. I'll start with what drew me to the show and why I have stayed the course. In the first two seasons the show rocked with its edgy writing, twists and turns, character development, stories and the bikes, guns and girls. It can and does get pretty violent ( a little more than I like, but hey this is about an outlaw biker gang. oops I mean club.)The writers and directors have no problems with killing off popular characters ( a nice change from many shows) even though I didn't like to see one of Jax's bros go. The show also includes some of the primary characters "Old Ladies" and their indirect/direct involvement with the clubs activities and how they manipulate their men to get what they want too.The show for me started to loose some of it's luster in season three, but not nearly as bad as seasons four through six. The stories just started to get so outlandish and unbelievable that the've become kinda cartoonish. I will not go into any details for obvious reasons of spoiling any episodes. They are just as violent as ever and Jax and the crew are still as bad a@@ed. The senarios are what's hurting this once edgy show the most as is the over used Gemma  meddling. The shows title is "SON'S OF ANARCHY" not "THE MEDDLING OLD LADIES OF ANARCHY" and that's hard for me to say since I've liked Sagal since "Married With Children". I know , she's married to the producer/writer/director Kurt Sutter, but come on now!The show still has some of it's trademark twists and turns, but now they are expected and easier to see coming and figure out. In season six I thought they missed the maximum impact of the major senario that played out involving Clay, the Irish and the club by a long shot. Again, I won't give any details away for those who haven't watched the show or specific episodes.I still enjoy the show and will miss it when it ends next season, but it is just not quite as good as it was in it's first two seasons. People, please remember this is my opinion and I know that many will disagree with it, but respect it as much as I do yours!!!PS. NEWS FLASH FOR THE FINAL SEASON OF "SON'S OF ANARCHY"  GEMMA TAKE'S TAKES OVE THE REINS AS THE NEW PRESIDENT OF SOA  We have all seen her getting stronger as each seasons passes with her aggressive tactics and her mind controlling manipulations of those who challenge her. Season seven promises to be the best yet with Kurt Sutter's wife finally taking total control of the club and showing once and for all "WHO'S THE BOSS" By having Gemma taking control of the club, Kurt opens the door for a spin off series staring Gemma as the lead from the get go.  Way to go Kurt with this twist we never saw coming.
David (Brian Geraghty) is a shy stock investor. Co-worker Emily (Alice Eve) is perhaps equally shy. On her last day of work, David works up the courage to ask her out. She agrees and also agrees to let David drive her home. The problem is there is a third wheel, mutual co-worker Corey (Josh Peck) who needs a ride and is hungry. They agree to grab a bite at a unique all night place that only accepts cash. They must first visit a remote ATM. Time and temperature are flashed for us to set the tone: 1:18 AM, -3F. The three are in the ATM.Outside the ATM, is a man assuming the "Jason pose." He brutally murders another man in the parking lot. The trio is afraid to venture out and I am thinking...did they just remake an ATM version of "Frozen"?For some undisclosed reason the killer doesn't try to enter the ATM. You will find out more, or less at the ending.If you liked "Frozen" or "Altitude" (and I didn't) you might try ATM.1 f-bomb, no sex or nudity.
I definitely don't love this show.  I'm hooked though.  The show is progressing so slow.  I just wish they would ratchet up the action and/or drama.  This season has taken quite a while to get rolling.  Lately, I've found it difficult to stay awake.  But dammit, I'm still compelled to watch.
He has decent storyline and I was looking forward to this as I love Kevin Bacon, but trite plots, very lame writing, and predictable.  I like his character though.
I did not like it at all.  The characters are shallow and ridiculous. The situations that each one of them have to deal with are convoluted and artificial.  I find it depressing.
[brief review:  the time is 117 A.D.  The place is north Britain, near the boundary of present day Britain and Scotland.  The natives to the north, the Picts, are wrecking havoc on the border and the Romans are having difficulty maintain their power on the border.A Roman general is captured by the Picts.  One of his leutinents then stages a raid on the Pict camp to free the general.  They are unable to free him, and during that time kill several Picts, including the son of the Pict leader.The Pict people vow revenge and the leutinent and several of his soldiers try to escape the camp and survive with hopes of meeting  back with the Roman legion on the west territory.]first, I'm a big fan of the director, Neil Marshall, who also made "The Descent", "Dog Soldiers", and "Doomsday".  Characteristic of his films (including "Centurion") is violence, which is always well-shot.  Also characteristic of his films is great cinematography, which "Centurion" is probably the best example of.The plot of this film is straight-forward tale of revenge (by one party) and survival (by another party), set in a historical back-drop.  This was a fun film to watch, but I would recommend you also watch the three aforementioned films he has previously done to fully appreciate this director.
Archer is an absolute guilty pleasure but when the writing which is pretty darn silly and the animation gets wonky you know they are going to the well WAY too many times by having so many guest on it. I mean really Tim Olyphant is hot but could he have been Archer's long lost brother instead? just saying...oh and Pam being knocked up ...I think I wrote something similar to that in my 6th grade writing class dont fall into shameless traps like &#34;baby on board&#34; storylines those belong only to soap operas
There are a lot of reality shows that I enjoy. But not this one. This one is just not entertaining. I Watched the 1st two episodes and turned it off in the middle of the 2nd one.It's scripted and stupid.i.e. - They really want you to believe that the one brother (on his own) flooded out their loading dock so that ducks would come and they can test out their duck calls!!! Really!!!Even though the opening of the show, shows them at a local lake hunting ducks...with their duck calls.If they want to test their calls, why not just go to the lake? Instead they flood their loading dock, with a hose. That had to take a couple of days easily.Dumb show.
Having been a huge fan of the original Primeval series, I can't help but be disappointed by this pallid sequel. I will stop short of saying it's bad, but it certainly isn't good. "Uninteresting" is an apt word. A few good casting choices, more bad ones. The dialogue drags terribly: a conversation that should be dispatched in five energetic sentences goes on for three minutes while the viewer loses interest and forgets what the characters were discussing in the first place. Cinematography - what's that? I count four angles, all predictable, with the favorite being neck-up close shots of faces the director obviously thinks (erroneously) are gorgeous enough that the viewer will forgive bad acting and humdrum dialogue just to stare at starry eyes, lip gloss, and five o'clock shadow. The worst fault is direction, which makes adequate and sometimes really gifted actors appear wooden, two-dimensional, and boring. Actors come and go with no more motivation, apparently, than showing off some well-modeled biceps or a perky derriere. Even the dinosaurs - who provide the raison d'etre for the whole series, right? - seem like flashes of action diverting attention from what the director obviously thinks is the main point of the story: post-adolescent social interaction. I don't think I can stand another season of this ennui. Maybe if the producers wise up and hire directors who can really - direct. . .
I hate it and I think its a horrible show. Makes me want to hurt the writers and the creators.
I love Jeremy Irons and Charlotte Rampling&#8230;this movie tries to be interesting&#8230;but never succeeds&#8230;.my husband refused to keep watching&#8230;.had to see the end myself following day&#8230;sad to see such actors and such effort putting together a movie and then to fail so&#8230;..
Shady aliens once more among us. When comparing this remake to the original, it's not the old ongoing television series in 1984 that comes to mind but its predecessors, the two mini-series that aired in 1983 and 1984 (V and V: THE FINAL BATTLE). Both those mini-series were thrilling and epic, fraught with suspense and so thought provoking. Part of the success was due to the constraints of the limited series format; the story had to move fast, make its points quick, no effing around. With this 2009 adaptation - and an ongoing series, at that - the pace tends to be leisurely; it plods, frankly. I do like this show but I admit to, at times, having gotten impatient.The pilot episode opens by asking questions such as "Where were you when JFK was assassinated?" and "Where were you on 9/11?" The intent is to hint at the momentousness of the event which transpires minutes into the pilot. But, also, these questions may lead you to pondering conspiracies. And now factor in the current crippling economic condition? The benevolent Visitors picked the best time to announce their presence, their twenty-nine gargantuan alien mother ships hovering over major cities across the globe. These Visitors from another planet claim that they "are of peace, always." That theirs is merely a sojourn, a temporary stay. And that they possess technological advances they wish to share with humanity, along with their friendship.As the Visitors seek to cement diplomatic ties with key governments across the world, Earthlings are invited to tour the mother ships, to take in the marvels exhibited within. For humans seeking respite from troubled times, the Visitors are viewed as saviors and miracle workers. It's not too long before humans are recruited as Peace Ambassadors and Visitor churches are contemplated. But, down among the dirt, deep in the shadows, there are those who harbor nagging doubts. They are the human resistance. For humanity, that's a good thing. Because there are aliens posing as humans, and sinister schemes lurking behind the Visitors' many gestures of kindness. There is a cook book.(You did see that Twilight Zone episode, right?)Think what you will of Marc Singer, he was on point as the original V's dashing hero. This modern incarnation doesn't feature an Indiana Jones type like Singer, and that's to its detriment. I don't see anyone here as sympathetic or likable as Robert Englund's vulnerable alien Willie. Charles Mesure doesn't have Michael Ironside's presence. But Morena Baccarin is this show's great get. She improves on Jane Badler (who, given, was a hottie in the original V). To cover all bases, though, Jane Badler comes on the new V in Season 2 (as Anna's mother, Diana).As Anna, the charismatic, press-savvy Visitor High Commander, Morena Baccarin is mesmerizing, and I couldn't resist her wiles. But, then again, I've loved Baccarin since her stint in FIREFLY. Anna is one of the show's focal points, and her Machiavellian character is the most crucial element in the show. The other main lead is Elizabeth Mitchell (from LOST) whose FBI agent/anxious mom character heads up the human resistance. Scott Wolf as the news anchor who becomes Anna's media voice rounds out what's interesting in this cast. The rest of the supporting cast are blah.The special effects are flawless. The predominant themes of media manipulation, closet fascism, and the gradual erosion of values that result from compromise are old hat. We all knew going in that some humans will choose to collaborate with the Visitors. Some will defy them. I realize that the show is in the midst of world-building, trying to establish its own mythology. But it really could've done with more action sequences and maybe more timely reveals. And more inventiveness. Even worse, the episodes frequently dragged. So it comes down to this: Is the sci-fi alien-among-us premise enough of a hook? Despite the sluggishness, were you entertained anyway? Were you intrigued enough that even that long hiatus in between new episodes kept your patronage? It did, me. Barely. But I wonder how much of that is because I loved the original so much. Season 2 had better pick up tremendously.V - THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON, with its 12 episodes, comes in three discs, with the following bonus material: "The Actor's Journey from Human to V" lets you go behind the scenes with cast & crew interviews (00:16:54 minutes); "Breaking Story: The World of V" is an overview of Season 1 (00:16:36 minutes); "An Alien in Human Skin: The Makeup FX of V" is self-explanatory (00:11:52); as is "VFX: The Visual FX of V" (00:15:07); 6 Deleted Scenes; and audio commentary on the episode "Fruition" by Executive Producers Steve Pearlman & Scott Rosenbaum.
So this may not be a fair review, since I turned it off during the opening song, but I really don't want Amazon to waste their content space on what appeared to be a Glee rip off show. Please no musicals about whiny, entitled millenials.
Great opening action sequence. Decent middle but a bit clunky with it's plot direction.The third act seemed a bit forced, predictable in points. The end action/CGI battle moved so quickly it was hard to consume in long stretches. Perhaps I'm just tired of CG? Seems Captain America always has to fight in the sky for the finale on top of an aircraft. I swear it was the same footage from Avengers. I think they could've fleshed out a better story as well. Entertaining for the most part but not as amazing or original as I thought it could be with this cast. 3 1/2 Stars.
UNDER THE SKIN is a slow and cerebral, but intriguing sci-fi film with a stellar lead performance by Scarlett Johansson. Going into this, I had no idea what I was in for. All I knew was that Scarlett Johansson was playing some kind of alien who abducts men in Scotland. It turned out to be quite a bit more than that, although the snail's pace at which the film unfolded was a little taxing for me at times. Jonathan Glazer is an outstanding visualist and this film has some rather haunting combinations of images and music that create an unnerving atmosphere. Scarlett Johansson also does a great job as the enigmatic main character. There isn't a whole lot of dialogue in this film, which could put off some viewers, but sometimes what one sees is as or more important than what one hears. I'm not really sure how to describe what happens in the film at the risk of spoiling anything, but suffice it to say that you'll be rewarded if you can make it until the end. Stylistically, it reminded me a bit of a sci-fi film I watched before called BEYOND THE BLACK RAINBOW, inasmuch as the atmosphere created by the visuals and music combined are similar. Overall, I thought it was a decent film, although one that I'll probably wait awhile to watch again. I believe this has the potential to become a sci-fi classic, although it's likely to turn off a lot of viewers. Recommended, but be aware that this movie isn't for everyone.
Not a great movie but funny, sort of funny and boring at the same time. I was surprised at how many people were credited at the end. I felt it was mainly a writer and a few voice actors but apparently not.  I think it should be remade as a real movie.
This tv show is very boring and poorly animated. And for a show that is supposed to be an action comedy show there is practically no action. The how to train your dragon series is just very overrated. I cant believe they are making a sequel to the horrible first movie.
Let me make one thing clear: there is nothing wrong with this show. It's a perfectly good cartoon. Well, its CGI equivalent, anyway.It seems to do everything right. The animation is stylish without ever taking itself too seriously. It draws many of its styling cues from the hugely successful 80's series, but always in a relatively subtle way. It never merely apes its progenitor, but from the opening titles to the color of April's shirt, it constantly pays homage to that august predecessor. It even knows when to turn squarely in the opposite direction: we get the "angry" Raphael from the real original version of the turtles - the Eastman and Laird comic books - rather than the jokester first minted in the "kiddified" Archie Comics version, which then went on to become world famous in the first turtles cartoon.So this is a show that's stylish, clever, and certainly light years ahead of the 80's cartoon on any kind of technical level.And yet...For me, this series never quite pops. Something's missing here. Certainly none of the characters have the stand-out charisma of the original animated versions of Shredder and Krang. The way those two would bicker like an old married couple; the way that version of the Shredder would groan with such heartfelt outrage at each fresh ignominy visited upon him. An enormous amount of the original show's appeal came directly from that evil duo. Even Bebop and Rocksteady grabbed your attention and brought an out-loud laugh to your face in a way that nothing in this latest version does. If I had to put my finger on just one thing as lacking in this latest version, I'd have to say that it's really GOOD bad guys.Like I said in the beginning, there's nothing wrong with this show. It's a perfectly good cartoon. It's just that... Well, whatever "X Factor" may be, the 80's version had it, and this one just doesn't. I want it to - I swear I do. Because on the surface at least, this is a series that's making all the right moves.I want to love it. I really do.But somehow... I just don't.Theo.
The pilot hooked me.  Great premise, smart writing, awesome acting.  But the ret of the series fell flat. Not sure what went wrong, but I hope the series picks up because I love Trudeau and Goodman.
It is impossible to watch this show without some kind of strong reaction.  There were times watching this show that I laughed as hard as I have laughed at anything I've seen in recent years.  But there were also times when I was simply appalled at how unfunny and in bad taste some parts were, as if the point had ceased being to make us laugh and had become to shock and dismay us.  There are many moments when I am simply blown away by the brilliance and originality of Silverman's comic vision and times when I wonder if she has any conception of what is funny and what is not.This is definitely not a show for everyone and it has nothing to do with how well one's sense of humor is developed.  There are simply a lot of absolutely terrible moments in these episodes to go along with some hysterically funny ones.  If you can filter out or ignore the bad and merely focus on the good, this is a show you will either partially enjoy or consider a masterpiece.  But if you can't filter out the bad or if you obsess over the bad to a degree where you can't appreciate the genuinely funny bits, then you could well consider this to be one of worst shows ever concocted.I especially loved the initial episode, where Sarah buys some cough syrup that has a decided effect on her perception of reality.  That episode -- and especially Sarah's self-absorption that is so extreme that she almost obtains a childlike innocence -- reminds me very much of the balance that Paul Reubens was able to strike in PEE WEE'S PLAYHOUSE.  Unfortunately, she is not able to maintain that balance through the rest of the series.  I did not enjoy any subsequent episode as much as that one, though the one in which she thought she was dying of AIDS came close.  Here is a bit that presents the show at its best.  Sarah is feeling a bit down so she decides to go get an AIDS test so that she'll feel better when it comes up negative.  As part of the exam she is asked to respond to a questionnaire that tracks her lifestyle choices.  Here is a bit of that dialogue:Nurs:  Did you ever have a blood transfusion in the 80s?Sarah: Yeah.Nurse: (alarmed) You did? You had a transfusion in the 80s?Sarah: (bemused) Oh! Ha!  No--I thought you said in Haiti.Nurse: (even more alarmed) How long were you in Haiti?Sarah: Oh that's hard to say; I was doing a lot of heroin at the time.On the other hand, there are the truly awful moments, most of which cannot be repeated on a board like this.  It wasn't merely that they were off color or excessive or extreme.  They were simply not funny.  And being extreme simply for the sake of being extreme is not funny.  Andy Kaufman could pull that off, but few others.So, this is a show that can only receive a limited recommendation.  More perhaps than any other comedian today, Sarah Silverman invites extreme reactions.  There have been many moments where I have found her to be as funny as anyone alive and times when I can't tolerate her.  I suspect that this is pretty much what you will always get with her.  But I will say this:  there isn't anyone else out there quite like her.
Some good acting, here and there...but didn't grab hold, and the alien was pretty lame. Sci-fi needs to be so much more now that the genre is getting saturated!
That is really how bad the show is. It's so bad that I'm speechless. I only watch this show when I have nothing else better to do. &#34;BLAH&#34;
A guy shows up on the first episode in the nude joking about his dongle.  I'll pass.  I don't need this crap entertainment.
The world of Longmire has a lot going for it:: beautiful scenery, picturesque yet often rundown dwellings, familiar yet exotic Native Americans.  The secondary characters are well-delineated, but the Robert Taylor as Longmire doesn't quite fill his boots with the world-weariness and  seriousness that we need from a middle-aged Western sheriff.  Joel McCrea, William Holden, Glenn Ford . . .  where are they now?
There was nothing 'biting' or 'sharp' about this. It was so boring I hit the back arrow so I could write this review before I forgot I'd watched the thing.
This show was hard to follow so I wasn't sure when to laugh. Think it would have been better if the show had a bigger budget.
Something is killing the people on A small island,and it turns out to be some kind of sea monster that looks like A octopus.Like I said could've been better.
When the savagely distasteful reviews for &#8216;Only God Forgives&#8217; dropped earlier this year, I was baffled.  I mean, &#8216;Drive&#8217; was pretty much critically applauded and continues to earn raves from cinephiles, and Ryan Gosling is kind of like beloved by nearly everyone (I said nearly), so how in the world could the much anticipated follow-up to their surprise masterpiece be such a terrible film?  I chucked it up people just not &#8216;getting it&#8217; and figured that they MUST be wrong.Nicolas Winding Refn couldn&#8217;t have dropped the ball THAT far, could he?You can go ahead and sound the alarm, because the world that hated &#8216;Only God Forgives&#8217; was correct and pretty much hit every nail on the head.  I&#8217;m just as baffled as the ten other people who have yet to see this (I&#8217;m always late to the party), but believe me, this film is atrocious in ways I can&#8217;t even put into words.  I&#8217;m almost loathe to admit that I liked anything about this movie (the cinematography is gorgeous, the costumes are divine and that score is Oscar worthy) simply because the overall product is so dreadful.I am an advocate for the whole mantra &#8216;less is more&#8217;.  I love a subtle and inviting flow to a film because that slow burn allows the characters and the plot to thrive, unravel and blossom.  &#8216;Drive&#8217; had that, despite what you may think.  I think that was a chief complaint from the movie going public, since they were anticipating another &#8216;Fast and the Furious&#8217; and wound up getting something much slower, deeper and darker.  When I read the countless reviews complaining that &#8216;Only God Forgives&#8217; was too slow, too vacant or too quiet I actually thought that the critics were experiences a bad case of memory loss.  Didn&#8217;t we go through this already two years ago?  Don&#8217;t you know that Refn&#8217;s films are NOT what they appear but so much more than they appear?Memory loss or not, those complaints are legit.That is my biggest issue with &#8216;Only God Forgives&#8217; and a chief complaint I had with another film I saw recently (&#8216;To the Wonder&#8217;).  In fact, I foolishly watched those films back to back and I felt like I was watching a double feature on absolutely nothing.  Where &#8216;Drive&#8217; developed not only an intricate plot but a protagonist who felt real and crushing, &#8216;Only God Forgives&#8217; forgets to develop much of anything.  Instead, we are given scattered characters who say very little and only know how to emote a singular expression (I&#8217;m still not sure what that expression is, although I strongly feel that it could be constipation) and then one broadly stroked caricature who has all the obvious clich&eacute;s of the &#8216;monster mom&#8217; and yet none of the grounding to make her feel real, believable or even remotely entertaining (I love you Kristen, but what are you doing here?).  The plot itself is another &#8216;shrug of the shoulders&#8217; as it fails to be interesting or gripping but instead serves as a blank canvas for the characters to inflict horrific bodily pain on others and for the effects department to produce large amounts of fake blood.Gosling plays a man named Julian, a drug-smuggler living in Bangkok.  The film&#8217;s opening sequences portray Julian&#8217;s unstable brother butchering a young prostitute and then being beaten to death by her father.  Julian&#8217;s unhinged mother shows up to bury her son and exact revenge on the men responsible for her son&#8217;s death, including a sadistic police officer.  Julian doesn&#8217;t want to get involved, but his mother is a whirlpool and he&#8217;s soon getting beaten up by the cop and avenging his mother.At least I think so.There are so many distasteful things about this movie, and so many lazy aspects.  I didn&#8217;t expect Refn to pen such a poorly constructed disaster, but his script is so bare and so unintelligent, and the barely there dialog doesn&#8217;t help any.  I think Gosling says about ten things, and he doesn&#8217;t wear any expression on his face but that of &#8216;deep concentration&#8217; (or constipation, as I mentioned already) and so you really get no handle on who this man is.  Many scenes in the film feel so unnecessary or not even that but more pointless or ridiculous (as in, they don&#8217;t belong).  The relationship between Julian and his mother is never fleshed out and so it winds up feeling put upon and laughable, especially when he subjects a prostitute to dinner with his tactless mother (seriously, remind me again why he wants her to meet his mother), bares up under his mother&#8217;s insults and then berates his date (at least he shifts his facial features long enough to scream), demanding she take off the dress he purchased for her.I don&#8217;t think I can count the amount of times I stared at the screen, completely lost as to why anything that was going on was going on because nothing really &#8216;was&#8217; going on.Much like &#8216;To the Wonder&#8217;, I&#8217;m left wondering if the bulk of this film is sitting on the cutting room floor somewhere, and if so, why didn&#8217;t someone take the editor out and shoot them?  I mean, this can&#8217;t be the film Refn intended to release, right?  Is this his idea of a joke?  Maybe he intended to create something so hideous and so nonsensical that it could only be considered genius, because there really is no other explanation for it.Guess what Nicolas; you&#8217;re plan didn&#8217;t work!
I enjoyed The Rites Of Spring to a degree, I just wish that they would have concentrated on the Horror/Slasher aspect of the film instead of taking up so much time with the kidnapping sub plot. I feel they were a bit too ambitious especially with a running time of an hour and 20 minutes.It felt it borrowed from Malevolence and The Messengers 2..I won't say why but you will be able to decipher for yourself.The slasher aspect was very cool, well done and if it had been an entire film about "The Rites Of Spring" I would have loved it,the creature was mad cool and the gore was plentiful for the time that story line was given.The characters were interwoven cleverly even though I really had to watch it a second time to really understand how each character was connected.The acting was good for a low budget film especially Anessa Ramsey and AJ Bowen..All in all worth a watch and better than most that are being pumped out lately.
Only watched this because a visitor was interested in it.  Bullies at the utmost.  While they can be gentle at times only because they have you handcuffs, these people are not model citizens.
I only looked at this program to find out what all the hype was about.  This program is not for me personally.  It's good to have choices of what you can look at; but this program will never be tuned in on my television again.  Different strokes for different folks.
They tried to make a reality show off of the success of Downton Abbey. It didn't work. It did not hold my attention. I did not care about the people on the show. I didn't find it one bit interesting. Skip it.
While I liked this mini-series enough to but all 5 parts- I was disappointed in the non-ending . Maybe there was supposed to be more story later? Major characters are tossed away. I wouldn't see it again.
It was pretty good show.  The math was educational.  Story line was ok.  I might have my kids watch it if there wasn't something else more educational on.
Missed this one season of the series due to a military posting those years. It's funny enough but I watched just so I know I have completed the series.
There's a scene in Misery where the author writes what he thinks his nurse/tormentor wants to read and suffers for his presumption. Her main problem is the fact that he cheated when he explained that his heroine was alive, but there was also the fact that he was second guessing his audience. Instead of writing something that he could be proud of, he wrote something that he thought that the audience wanted. In many ways, the decline in quality of Veronica Mars reflected this issue. In the third season of Veronica Mars, Rob Thomas veered away from the season long arc and the feminist context and chose instead to focus on shorter story arcs and one-off episodes that didn't tie into the arcs. Instead of making the show easy for potential new fans, Thomas disappointed the existing fans.There was also the issue of the heroine graduating from high school. The teenage detective angle worked better when the setting was high school and there was a great metaphor about tying in hard boiled mysteries with high school where no one really is what they appear to be. Buffy recovered from the same setback, but just barely.This movie tries to go in the opposite direction of the third season by making a movie that is solely for the fans but retains that same desperate &#34;LOVE ME&#34; vibe that wrecked the last season. A little fan service is nice. It's cool to see Mac and Wallace again. Veronica working to solve the case and manipulating the police force to do it is fine. It's even nice to see Veronica and Logan fall into their old patterns.Ken Marino has established himself in comedic roles in shows like Party Down and Children's Hospital so why not bring back Vinnie Van Lowe.Yet, a little goes a long way and too much just becomes aggravating. Do we really need to get Piz again? Especially when he is still the nice guy that Veronica basically ignores. Does Madison have to be a one-dimensional villain ten years later? Weevil shows up to AGAIN end up on the wrong side of the law. Krysten Ritter appears and then reminds everyone who she was in season 2. The only strange moment of restraint in the movie was not bringing back Adam Scott as the teacher who had sex with a student even though the movie revolves around Carrie Bishop who accused him of rape in the Mars vs. Mars episode from season 1. When the ten year reunion has a tribute to the dead classmates, you almost expect it to take over the movie since there were a lot of dead high school students on the show.With all the fan service, the director and writer forget to tell a compelling story. It's a two hour episode with references that require the Veronica Mars wiki to fully get. Unfortunately, as you are referring to the Wiki, you are getting spoiled for the rather pedestrian mystery - which should already be obvious since it follows the &#34;really popular cult actor shows up in a minor role&#34; pattern.This isn't a bad movie. It just isn't a very good movie.
A group of extremely stereotypical &#34;nerds&#34; comes up with an idea for a facebook &#34;killer&#34; app, joins a &#34;farm&#34; of other beta products being hosted by an &#34;industry leader&#34;  (Lord help me if I ever run out of quotes) and there you have it.All about getting the &#34;beta&#34; out the door as a product and the struggle to get it done.You have the classic disheveled outcast that overindulges in things and gets in trouble on twitter, et. al.The Nerd with a bit of business acumen who tries to connect with some sort of female technical reviewerThe female reviewer who is hard as nails, but really is a softie with an oversized libido underneathThe Indian coding genius, who has no social skills and latent / unconsummated homosexual tendencies is going to get thegroup in trouble.The geeky uncoordinated guy, who has the hots for one of the female members of the team.And the elder statesman, who is overseeing all of this.Nothing new there to me, seen it tons of times before and done considerably better (revenge of the nerds, real genius, hell, even sneakers)Since I've had experience (30+ some years in the IT industry), the boy claims I am a geek/nerd and should love this thing as he sees it as a &#34;heroic portrayal of all people technical&#34;.I view it more as episodic cheap shots that if it were a comedy about minorities, they couldn't get away with today.
I think the story drags a little, but is worth watching.  I wouldn't watch it a second time, however.  The first time is OK, so far.
Season 4 has the feeling that the series writers do not have the edge that brought such a compelling story its popularity.  The signs of a slight dulling and writers are &#34;reaching&#34; exist in the introduction of Colt, a loose cannon that does not have a foundation in the genesis of the story.  Beware the fourth season, still good but things have changed and the show is looking for that thread that delivers the promise each episode will entertain and will not tire their audience.
I hope they strike it rich, but it is sort of boring. It is kind of sad to hear about all the death and obsession involved with this place.
Given this was a pilot, I would think they are trying to put their best foot forward in order to get the powers that be to go ahead with production. Well all I can say is that if this was their best effort, this is a doomed undertaking. There was nothing about the characters that i found appealing and the plot was both slow moving and humorless. Better luck next time.
Update. Nope, I tried again to view an entire episode further into the season and just couldn't do it. As the show title states: she's an addict and she needs help. Addiction of any kind is not healthy for family life.This is not a "How To" series designed to instruct anything other than time-consuming and money-sucking an addiction is. Well, I guess it could be useful, if you don't think of it as a show about house projects proper.This show, along with the many other shows from the diynetwork are contrived and set-up. Sadly, that network started with good intentions, but fell victim wanting to produce commercially viable fodder rather than to truly provide actual helpful information.  It's contrived; staged, drama, awkward.To start, the show is only 23 minutes long and there are recaps of recaps of recaps before AND after the edited/removed commercial breaks which cuts down on actual "show". The editing is incredibly erratic. In the first episode, there's an inspection of work that hasn't been discussed yet, let alone shown in progress until you watch the second episode and then it's glossed over. It's unrealistic timewise. She states specific times, but according to the weather and the state of the landscaping it sure ain't the three weeks she's whining about.  I'm guessing she got this gig because she's petite and blonde.As a single mom, who is a real estate agent as well as house flipper who *supposedly* does the majority of the work on the houses AND is the subject of a TV series, I wonder how she finds time to parent her child.It pains me to write this because I am such a huge freak fan of DIY shows and was doing the Snoopy Happy Dance delighted to FINALLY see one of these shows on AmazonPrime (not even Netflix shows them)!  I was all settled down to have my marathon DIY fest and then reality set in as I watched the first episode.  I then gagged through the second episode and part of the third one give it a fair shake, but just couldn't go any further.Please Amazon, bring us some USEFUL DIY shows (NOT from diynetwork - those shows are produced only for ratings, NOT for imparting real, honest and useful information.  We want to see shows like:  This Old House, Ask This Old House, Hometime, - basically anything from PBS!!!Thank you.
I hear everyone says this show is the best show ever. Sorry but that belongs too the wire which is the greatest show ever made. It had more drama than this. The whole alien thing creeped me out as well. Guess nothing can compare too the wire....
This is a slow going movie ,it  could have had so much  more potential . It was repetitive and boring . Another movie I couldn't wait to finish .The cast though I will say had some good acting and the dialog scenes were well done . For a second I could see the father and son on broadway . Quickly giving way to a boring script .
The show is entertaining, does not bring new story but i still see it is little bit more &#34;realistic!&#34; than (Heroes) and this thing only for first season of (Alphas). The story of group of super powered members headed by a regular person already was presented in (Mutant-X). It is an amazing show for those who like the concept of super heroes. There are few new elements in this show though and that will make you enjoy it.
I think this is a twisted mind's series. It has little appeal to me. I do not have anything of value to say about it.
Almost unwatchable...there were 11 reloads in final 30 minutes ranging from 43 seconds  to over a minute ( Yes- we started timing them). Too many copies were probably sold. It would have been better with commercials.
For some writer's block reason a skilled pickpocket doesn't understand high school biology about reproduction and gets a girl pregnant and doesn't understand how it was possible. Duh! Anyway, tediously long script showing the pickpocket art of stealing cellphones to pay a debt to a not-so-nice fence while running from the cops. Stereotypes of coping with the girl's pregnancy and dragging her into the fray only to have her turn his life around. Usual stereotypes of dumb cops, double crosses and redemption. Actors were cast for their respective roles by looks and the robotic acting showed why, Twilight obsessed vamps notwithstanding.A bit concerned with the consistent and continual portrayal throughout the movie that lying, stealing, avoiding responsibility, drinking, bad parenting all were shown in a positive light while the cops come out as conniving drinking dumbasses.
I really wanted to like this one, but it didn't work for me.  The voice talent was great - it's the writing and jokes that let them down. Too many stereotypes, old cliches, the central premise seemed totally recycled (one capable character paired with one not capable character), fast and furious "jokes" that came across as trying to hit the target instead of actually funny and, frankly, everything seemed to have been warped in from the late 90's.  Also, that was the longest 20-odd minutes.  In spite of all the fast-talk, the episode dragged.
It's a snobbish clich&eacute; to pronounce the book on which any film material was based as being much better than the film. But in this case, I'm not trying to demonstrate my literacy with the recommendation. It's my sincere opinion.This movie just doesn't make the grade. It graduates from the merely pedantic to the completely far-fetched. Like the book, it posits a serial killer who is playing abstruse mathematical games with Professor Seldom and his prot&eacute;g&eacute; at Oxford's Mathematical Institute. However, the film throws in all sorts of extra glancing mathematical references - to Fermat's Last Theorem, to Fibonacci's series, and to chaos theory. A lot of these references don't exist in the book or else are more integral aspects of the book. So the movie is like a Koosh ball, sprouting all sorts of alien little rubbery protrusions that make it briefly tantalizing, but that ultimately just cause it to come off as silly.The movie reminds me of Tom Stoppard's play "Arcadia." While that play was acclaimed, when you thought about it logically, you realized that all its talk about chaos theory was completely adventitious and unnecessary.There are other problems with this movie. Scenes that were treated more realistically in the book become grotesqueries in the movie. The film tries to combine the most garish elements of "The DaVinci Code," a CSI episode, and "The Zodiac Killer."Whereas in the book, the protagonist's Russian roommate is just a normal person, in the movie he is portrayed by an actor who inexplicably chews up the scenery like a rabid dog. In the book, Seldom's former eccentric, obsessed colleague is indeed a hopeless case in the extended care ward of a hospital; but in the movie the man is presented as a shocking mutilation of a figure. In the book, Seldom is an average-looking 50-year-old professor; in the movie he is played by John Hurt whose already world-weary face is photographed as ravaged superannuation. The book's brief, innocent sex scenes become rawly carnal in the film. In the book, inappropriate romances that are barely suggested or suspected are made explicit and decisive in the film. The film also adds a further twist ending to the solution of the murders that is sort of interesting and integrating, but that ultimately makes a triangle with 190 degrees of all the antecedent action.Not that the book is perfect. Author Guillermo Martinez failed to adequately explain a key puzzle and carelessly leaves some dangling plot points. But the book is more satisfyingly grounded than this hodgepodge of a film. This is one class you should definitely cut.
One must keep in mind this is rated MA. I'm not a fan of watching this type of ratings show but likes Jeffrey.
I don't like what this show has become at all. The new girls are all in a snotty gang with Lisa-focusing on every real or imagined flaw the remaining 3 might possess. Kim and Kyle are kind of off on their own with Joyce, and they all seem as baffled as I am.  I have to say-am I the only one who finds Brandi to be massively offensive, overbearing, mean and immature? The only thing more baffling than her presence on the show is the tolerance and infinite free passes the snobbiest gals of the bunch give her on a very regular basis, finding her gauche and crude behavior, dress and speech &#34;charming&#34; and &#34;refreshing&#34;. She blurts out any rude, stupid and provocative thing that pops into her, um, brain at any given moment-and the snobs who would be &#34;appalled&#34; if Kim, Kyle, or, God forbid, Joyce said the same thing-just laugh and pat her on the shoulder and make excuses for her. Gawd, bring back Adrienne, Camille, and even Taylor, and dump the snobs - especially the one whose height in inches exceeds her IQ. Nobody seems to want to admit that she really is horrible and a bad addition to the show-she is a crap-stirrer and just needs to go.  I would even welcome back Dana -who seemed to just vanish- with her crude pronouncements  about how much her trivial possessions cost! This show-as &#34;housewife&#34; shows go, has become a train wreck that is very hard to watch. It's not entertaining, it is insulting and mean-like Brandi. Can you imagine what she was like in jr high? I would bet-a lot like she is now. Horrid.
I was so looking forward to this show, mostly because of Jonathan Rhys Meyers.  I couldn't think of a better actor to play the part.  However, whoever suggested he should play an American with a nasal accent was a bad, bad person.  He has such a beautiful accent that is part of his allure.  It just breaks my heart.  I can't even pretend to be turned on by this show.  Also, it's so dark and the story is boring.  Sorry.  Better luck next time.
I like a different kind of sci-fi as opposed to this. Defiance seems more to me like a western set with aliens in the nearly wild frontier of a terraformed Earth. Seven alien races all at once? That is a bit over the top. I like sci-fi programs that have a bit more imagination to them and that are adventures.I know plenty of people like this new series in that it is linked in with an interactive game, but for me, this one just does not fly. Finally, the same old theme with love triangles just bore me to death.
I kind of like this show, but it never really grabbed me.  Still I did watch 2 seasons of it.
This movie is about bad guys (and girls). It ends. The plot is so thin that you know who the bad guys are from the beginning.
The writers leave gaping holes just to keep the story going.  A whole hand in fact gets dismissed and the 'bad' gets away. People moving about and sleeping alone, does not help keep them safe. The security guards are never to be seen when it counts, etc. Two shows and I'm done.  Also, I hate the name change for the network.
The acting was great in this, storyline very interesting, but the crime investigation with examining skeletons of children and describing in detail the brutality obviously done to them was too creepy for us.
Kind of interesting, makes me grateful for the comforts of the city and home. I had to add this extra line just to post, annoying!
My mom who is 79 years old, loves this show and so does the rest of my family. It makes me depressed. I think the differene is, that my mom has always lived in the cozyness of the middle class so all this is new to her and frankly very far removed from reality as she knows it. I have on the other hand lived in poor neighborhoods most of my adult life. I have seen metheads, crackheads, tweakers, junkies, you name it and dealers on daily basis, the havoc it rages on whole communities. I have lived with this violence and seen it with a completely sober mind.When you live in a place like that, the saying goes "that these people are quite the characters, but have no character". When you live with this you develope a strange mixed feeling of empathy and disgust for people in the drug culture. Sometimes you just become num. I remember one time, walking on my way home an involuntary thought struck my mind as I passed some crackheads smoking, to my shame it was "human garbage". I was instantly horrified of how desensitized I had become toward my fellow human beings. The hard part is, that you get to know these people personally the longer you live among them so they are not just some strangers anymore. You run into them all the time. The dealers are not without a respect altogether, because when a new one comes around they say "No she's not like that, leave her alone".  Sometimes they laugh cuz the new guy mistook a  "strait" person for a customer. However you always have to let them know you are cool so it's a better choise to let them know you a little, that you don't judge them, so they will trust you and leave you alone. Neighborhoods like that are very dangerous and you don't want enemies.I know all the scum bags, the little guys that are trying to make a buck selling dope, the corrupt cops, or more like the cops who are so sick of it, they don't want to deal with it. Sometimes they can't do anything because the jails are full. Seriously.  The sadness and ramifications meth brings are horrific. The ignored children. I have seen it all and some of the people in the show are quite real to me. I know all of these characters. I know for example, its supposed to be funny that they are cooking meth in the basement while the realtor is showing the house, but to me it's not funny at all because it's too linked to what I have seen in reality and its anything but funny. I think the 1st season was more than enough addition to my reality. I highly doubt that I will watch any more of it. Sorry mom, you and my niece can keep talking about it, I am not interested.I guess if I was a straight laced and pampered in a way where I've never lived with this kind of reality I would find this funny and interesting. But I haven't and I don't.
First off, this was a very well produced pilot.  Chris Carter knows how to make a television show.  That said, this is also incredibly derivative.  How many times have we seen variations of this series? &#34;Lost&#34;, &#34;The Event&#34;, &#34;Revolution&#34; and on and on.  Still, these shows are all successful to varying degrees. &#34;The After&#34; has a lot going for it.  I liked the cast and it was suspenseful enough. This is even worth watching the next few episodes to see where its headed.  I am curious about why these people were thrown together and why they seemed to lose time when nobody else did. The key will be if those answers are interesting enough to invest even more time in the series.  Overall, not bad but not great. Check out &#34;Bosch&#34; instead.
Seriously. We buy these to avoid commercials if fox continues this we will stop buying these videos. Want to test us? Keep the commercials and watch your revenue fall.Update 4/2/2013Since Fox has refused to stop the commercials I have cancelled this season and will not buy any more seasons of Bones. If this persists I will subsequently start cancelling / not renew all of my Fox shows. There are plenty of providers who don't put commercials in videos I pay for so I will not stand for having commercials impressed upon me.
NO SPOILERS:Within 30-seconds of watching, I actually started to contemplate which of the diminutive actors was taller.  Not a good sign for a situation comedy.The Cast:The Boys:Honestly, I have liked nothing that Seth Green has ever been in, sans when he played himself in "Entourage".  Giovanni Ribisi is likely wishing that he never cooperated with the criminal investigation in "Boiler Room". Peter Reigert was in "Animal House" in 1978 and "Barbarians at the Gate" in 1993.  He missed out on his goal of appearing in one potable program every 15-years by seemingly taking all of 2008 off.  The real shame is that I have always liked Martin Mull and hate to see his legacy tarnished by this "dog with fleas"!The Girls:Brenda Song has matured nicely, though I have to believe that a "Suite Life" reunion show is beginning to look appealing.  I heard that she has Zack or is it Cody, on speed dial!  Vanessa Lachey temporarily stepped away from her stereotypical bringing life to an inanimate object hotness and was filmed wearing loose clothing and at odd angles (likely due to her pregnancy).With a Metacritics score of 15 (out of 100), this one appears to be dead chalk for first show to go.
Pretty good movie. The acting is over-the-top like it's suposed to be. The violence is extreme, as it should be. It reminded me of the Troma films. I really enjoyed Rutger as the hobo. He is probably the most restrained of all the characters and that seems like the right way to play it. I'm glad I watched it, but I don't want to own it.  For me, more nudity would have made the movie a beter example of the genre. The scene with the topless women hitting a guy with baseball bats and then Drake taking a swing was great. If the violence, story, lighting, etc are nonsensical then showing skin should be too.
&#34;The Canyons&#34; (2013 release; 99 min.) brings the story of Christian (played by James Deen) and his girlfriend Tara (played by Lindsay Lohan). As the movie opens, the couple is having dinner with another couple, Ryan and Gina, where they all discuss the practical details of a movie Christian is financing and Ryan has been offered the lead role (or has he?). It's not long before we learn that Tara and Ryan are hiding their past (and more). To tell you further details of the plot, would spoil (such as it may) your viewing experience of the movie, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.Couple of comments: where, oh where to begin? Let's start with the script, written by Bret Easton Ellis, best known for penning &#34;American Psycho&#34; (the book, not the movie script). The script tries to conjure up some drama in these relationships, when in reality I never felt one iota emotionally connected or involved with any of these characters. The so-called erotic aspects of the movie fare even worse, as they are neither erotic, nor sexy, despite all the nudity. And where was director Paul Schrader in all this? Schrader of course wrote some outstanding scripts for Martin Scorsese (Taxi Drive, Raging Bull) and also directed some great movies in the late 70s/early 80s (Blue Collar; Cat People; American Gigolo). Not much direction in this movie, unfortunately. As to the performances, I felt they were too &#34;acted&#34; (you can practically hear someone yell &#34;and.... ACTION&#34; before the start of various scenes), and simply not credible. On top of that, Lindsay Lohan simply doesn't look good (as in: worn out/drained), sounds tired (with that husky voice) and comes across like she'd rather be at the dentist right now instead of on the screen (the fact that the script gives her some lines in the movie about how bored she is with the movie industry and she wants to do other things, are about as sarcastic as one can imagine, given the circumstances). As it turns out, the best aspect of the movie is actually the soundtrack, scored by Brendan Canning (of Broken Social Scene), and with additional songs from Dum Dum Girls and other indies.Bottom line: this movie is not very good, and there is plenty of blame to go around. If it wasn't that I happen to notice it at my local library here in Cincinnati, I doubt that I would've even picked it up. I cannot recommend this movie in good conscience to anyone. VIEWER BEWARE!
Hate it. French Stewart is the only redeeming factor here. I love Allison Janney, but I'd as soon forget she's in this bomb. Dreadful.
Seasons 1 and 2 were so fun and entertaining.  The rest of the seasons were less than great and the new wives were too crass.  But Season 3 is better than season 4.
I didn't read the reviews until after I watch this pilot episode.  I'm really surprised.  It was ok, that's all.  I'd like to watch another episode before giving an excellent or I don't like it review.  It's possible with some good writers this could turn out to be an excellent TV show.  It the pilot almost feels like they are just throwing a bunch of possibilities out there so they can get a feel about which direction to go in with the story line. The characters need some improving.  The only one I really like is the convict claiming innocence. The french actress and the prostitute have good character potential. If you're into end of the world (maybe) time warp (maybe) alien invasion (maybe) everyone is already dead (maybe) type shows you'll probably like this one.
This movie was OK, seemed like there was a lot of underlying things that you were suppose to know, but the movie never went into. I took it off my watchlist
Yay! Another show glorifying pure white trash! I'm talking about Beth, not the people they take into custody. My wife watches this crap. Shame on her.
I love Greys Anatomy but this latest season has begun to unravel. The rivalry between Grey and Yang is particularly annoying after all their years of friendship. And, the chief's illness seems to have been a contrived way of getting him some attention. Most annoying is the endless soap opera with Sarah Drew's character. As a doctor her character has always been iffy. Her personal life, contorted by her religious devotion, is even more annoying, because it stands out among the doctors like a sore thumb: as if the writers were saying, &#34;we really don't believe in all this mumbo -umbo but we have to be sensitive to this particular voting block.&#34; I'm just hoping they pull it all together in the second semester.
It seems that the &#34;Law & Order&#34; eriters have been drained of the unique type of ideas that made earlier seasons so exceleent.
"Atlantis Treads Water" was my review for the third season, and for this season I sadly had to come up with another way to say that a lot of water got splooshed around but it didn't seem to go anywhere.On the upside, we've got likeable characters, now joined by Sam Carter from Stargate SG-1.  But on the downside, we're still going back and forth between Wraith and Replicators.  It's getting old.It's too bad this series isn't more about exploration and discovery, like the orginal Star Trek was.  We can have recuring bad guys that need to be dealt with, but we an also have adventure and discovery, which seems to be lacking in this series considering they can get anywhere to a new galaxy they want and back nearly instantaneously.Looking back on this season, I felt like I'd kept up with old friends and had some good times, but I asked myself if anything really made me go "Wow" (like the Wraith seige of Atlantis) and I couldn't remember anything.  I think they need to get rid of the Wraith and the Replicators once and for all and move on to something radically different.The season finale cliffhanger was rather good, so here's hoping for season five.
Preview [HD] I did not enjoy this rather silly comedy/musical. It did not hold my attention and I would not watch it if it were offered on Amazon Prime.  The actors spontaneously breaking out in song did nothing for me.  There are musicals out there that are worth the price and time to watch....but Browsers was not one of them.  I have never cared for Glee either, so I guess its just not my cup of tea when it comes to comedy/musicals in general.
Not bad.  Would enjoy more information regarding the lives of the people whose lives make up the story.  I like to see more of the courtroom presentations of the forensic evidence.
There is something to say about a series that highlights the star with sex appeal and an ability to escape violent situations without any real chance to escape. I say it's okay as entertainment.
The characters are likeable--especially Jess.  They are portrayed as human and imperfect.  I like their interactions, the affection they have for each other and how they stand up for each other.  There is however too much promiscuity and easy sex that I find offensive.
It's more of the same, but as with GET SMART, no one's willing to say, Enough!This season, romances are on again, off again, but Pam and Jim are happy and in love. A new manager forces Michael to establish his own paper company, and two of the staff join him in a converted bathroom office to wage a war with Dunder Mifflin, a war that goes surprisingly well. Still, in the end, it's just more of the same, but because we like the characters and the gags, we endure the frequent embarrassment in places.As usual, the best parts are Jim's relentless assaults on Dwight. Most of these take place in the prologues. This season is worth watching, but you can probably put off owning them until they drop in price. Or, you may be happy stopping at Season 4. It really doesn't get much different.
The comic laziness of this episode was only paralleled  by the similarly slow advancement of the show's frames per second.  The humor was lost, lost in space as it were.  This show was just plain dull.  Just really, really incredibly dull.  The characters were dry and uninteresting, worse than a bad British sitcom.  It seemed like the creators thought that parading Star Wars tropes in front of the viewer in a comedic setting would be good enough to get us to throw money at them.  It was too forceful, overemphasized.  Like the totalitarian state that is the empire.Two thumbs down.
As a retired science teacher, and a long time science fiction reader and watcher from the time of Ray Bradbury and Issac Asimov and other class-act science-fiction writers including H.G. Wells I find some of the sci-fi shows today sadly lacking in credibility. A good example is Season 2 Episode 7. The 2nd Mass is getting ready to leave for Charleston when their hospital base is attacked by the aliens. Although they sorely need fuel for transport they use up most of the fuel to light up the whole hospital with emergency generators although only a few areas need lighting, and the chance of getting more fuel in doubt. While all of the lights are on the kerosine and battery powered lanterns are left on and burning thus using up those resources. On the way out of the hospital, instead of going to the nearest freeway or at least major paved road, the whole convoy is headed down a one lane dirt road running through what seems to be a primitive camping area. The road appears to be losing it's bottom due to melting snow, and if any of the vehicles get stuck the whole convoy is trapped. These are situations involving lack of common sense and increases the chance of defeat for the Fighting Second Massachusetts. A good example of incredible science, in the science portion of the show, is where the doctor and several others are trapped when a new menace, some sort of creepy-crawlies who can chew trough metal are in the process of gaining access to those trapped by gnawing on a metal door. The doctor has one of her aides scurry around to get an oxygen tank. The purpose of the tank is to use it to create a flame thrower to incinerate the little buggers. As a doctor supposedly well versed in chemistry she should know that oxygen supports combustion but will not burn by itself. Using only the oxygen from the tank she creates a flame large enough to do the intended job, when in fact this is a chemical impossibility. All in all this is a fun type program not to be taken seriously and suitable for watching in the early hours of the A.M. when one can't sleep like this writer who is watching the program and writing this review at 5:30 A.M.on a Thursday morning.
The first and second seasons of The Glades were very good but the third season was OK because the storylines were a little bit boring.
I often like programs meant for kids, but this one didn't do much for me. I found it improbable, yet predictable. I'd rather see believable kids doing believable things.
"A lot of you have posted, it only affects you if you play it in the correct sequence, but I've been experimenting..." Two investigators out looking for a missing student enter his house looking for clues. What they find is a room full of TV's and a laptop. When they start to watch what is on the computer they begin to get a sense of what happened to him. I have to start by saying I wasn't a fan of the first one so I was not all that excited about seeing this. This does have the same basic idea, just a series of short movies tied in to a missing person plot line. The movies get progressively worse though. The first one dealing with an eye implant isn't that bad, then there is a zombie-like one. There is one about a suicide cult that is more sad then horror and the very last one is just laughable. If you liked the first one then you will like this too, otherwise this is one to avoid. Overall, just because you have gore in a movie doesn't mean it's good...or a horror. I give it a C-.
Poirot has lost the support of Hastings and Miss Lemon. The cosy atmosphere of the first four seasons is gone. While the stories themselves have merit, they are not short stories but are novels. They have been cut poorly and sequence of events is irrational and irritating to the viewer. Also, this is where the series begins to take on a heavily religious tone that is more like Chesterton than Christie.
but I hope it's not another &#34;Lost&#34; clone: a group of people thrown together in a weird situation where we get bits and pieces every week. Often the writers of series like this seem to be making it up as they go along, but I would expect more from Chris Carter. Nice to see Adrian Pasdar on the screen again. But I'll have to see how this one goes. I tend to lose interest pretty quickly in this type of show.
Grabbers is just a little too goofy to work as an exciting monster movie.  The effects are also too low-fi.  The CGI looks dated, and there's a scene with a prosthetic severed head that basically looks like a painted mannequin head.  For a film about a murderous alien squid, Grabbers fails at the grisly details necessary to be successful.
Both my 4 year old nephew, and 5 month old son didn't want to watch this show.  Not meant for entertaining small kids, that's for sure.
Pretty standard sitcom.. makes me laugh ocassionally.  I think they could make it funnier, for sure.  But I enjoy this show, overall.
The most important thing about MONSTERS is that it looks like a bug budget film but was produced for pocket money.  What that means, is that innovative, creative big screen movies that have the slick, sophisticated look of studio-backed projects can now be made by a micro-crew of dedicated filmmakers.  What's usually missing from these very ultra indie productions is a compelling story.  Here, it's about two people making their way across a zone infected by a crashed space probe with alien spores.  Shot almost as a documentary, the look of the film is without a hint of pretense yet everywhere is evidence of the dangers to humans from the results of official attempts to destroy and contain the alien life forms.  Unlike DISTICT 9, there's not much metaphor here, but I believed the adventure and was caught up in the plight of the main characters as they traversed a treacherous landscape and explored personal conflicts.  Gareth Edwards directed and essentially created the look of the film, including the creatures, using a laptop and Adobe After Effects.  I've been told the out of pocket cost was about $15,000!  Rumor has it that director Edwards' next project is the studio-backed GODZILLA.
Perhaps the fact that "Meeting Evil" is written and directed by someone responsible for "S. Darko," a pointless and confusing "sequel" to a cult classic "Donnie Darko," would be worth mentioning. Yes, "Meeting Evil" is a mess. Well, it's not exactly a total mess, thanks to the star Samuel L. Jackson and his mesmerizing performance, though I would rather be watching him in a superhero franchise or Quentin Tarantino film.Luke Wilson plays John Felton, a down-and-out real estate agent, who is visited by a mysterious guy, Samuel L. Jackson's "Richie." Richie seems interested in John, who, dejected and angry, barely controls his emotions. Richie follows John, even when it is obvious John doesn't like it, and wherever Ritchie goes, strange things happen, like people suddenly disappearing.So who is Richie and what is his motive? Without revealing too much about the movie, I would only say that the story doesn't make much sense. The storyline is incoherent and illogical (not in an intriguing way like a David Lynch film), and the subplot about a young woman Tammy (Peyton List) goes nowhere. You notice so many lapses of logic and so much inexplicable decision-making, hoping that they will be explained away before the film ends.But that doesn't happen. (You don't see a big explosion on the DVD jacket, either, if I remember correctly). About 30 minutes in, the film gets boring as we come to realize that the film is nothing but a poorly assorted collection of clich&eacute; ideas.
Is this an updated version of Ugly Betty??  It sure has the look of that show.  I dislike all the characters.  I would never watch this show again.  This is 25 minutes I will never ever...get back!
Okay...sometime within a span of 33 years. around the present time, planet Earth gets colonized by not just one, but seven (yes,7!!) different species of aliens in addition to the human population.  Then the Earth presumably experiences all kinds of catastrophic wars and gets completely "re-terra-formed", not just biologically but geologically too.  Major cities are also suddenly transformed into vast expanses of what resemble "Wild West" towns - except for the Saint Louis arch, which seems to have survived intact, albeit in some disarray. (Although the Mississippi River bed seems to have been long dried out and lined with tall, rocky cliffs.)  And to top it off, everyone of every species dresses in clothing appropriate to the 1700's-1800's while carrying laser and pulse weapons more powerful than anything seen before, even in the most outlandish sci-fi. And of course, all clothing ensembles are complete with the usual holsters and bandoliers of bullets across everyone's chest.  And everyone seems to drive off-road vehicles that look like something Detroit decided not to produce back in the 1950's.Finally, the graphics tend to like video games rather than high quality CG and green room work. I can't decide if this production is supposed to be animation, soap opera, or cinema.I like science fiction as much as the next guy, but this one is way too much and I don't even want to try to follow wherever it is going. Bad writing, bad acting, and bad cinemetography.
Every cliche in the book....and did we have to portray a female owner as an accidental owner who is a simpleton?
So far, Season 4 has been a disappointment.  Claudia and Jenks don't make sense if he is gay.  The dialog has gotten silly.  Have the writers changed or just gotten lazy?
I got into this series after a marathon watching of the 1st season on Netflix.  I enjoyed it enough to pay for the 2nd season.  While the progression of the story arc's has been going okay, dropping of an initial arc from the start of the season, the failure to develop the partnership of Ollie/Arrow and Roy/Speedy more, and no hint of Hal Jordan (Ollie's best and oldest &#34;superhero&#34; friend) is a disappointment.The writers and producers also reveal they have a problem with a growing cast.  If they find a way to balance them all and don't leave any more hanging plot lines this show could easily make it 5+ seasons.One plus is all the lovely female cast members.  Especially their take on Black Canary.
Some of the sequence themes are repetitive from season one and so that makes them predictable but the show remains entertaining.
When I saw the pilot of Season 1 of Falling Skies, I was hooked!  What's not to like?  Robot apocalypse, a family trying to survive and an army of the human resistance.  I enjoyed all of season 1 and watched deep into season 2 before starting to get bored.  Season 3 seemed to stall with its complex story and multiple character plots.  I deem myself a Falling Skies fan, and have loved the show until now, but I'm not sure if I'll continue into next season.  Almost Human has taken over my robot fix for now, but maybe I'll be surprised when Season 4 airs this summer.For fans of Battlestar Galactica, Terminator, and Almost Human.
I liked the first season, but by mid season 2 the on/off relationship is getting old and the story lines are somewhat similar.
While I appreciate there is such a thing as editing in the world of Food Network, this show should be renamed (Potential) Germs Wanted. These chefs were shown touching their mouths, noses, underarms and ears and then touching food. Again, I have no idea what the timing was because I obviously was not there, but at one point one of the female chefs put her hand under her arm and then picked up a dish and handed it to another chef. This does not even include when Anne chastised a male chef for profusely sweating in the food he was preparing. This is why I do not eat out. Disgusting.
What a slow moving movie, very boring until the very end.SPOILER:  I have a BIG problem with how this ended, being that he kills the endangered animal in the end, only to THEN decide to not give in to Red-Leaf and burn the remains instead of turning them into that company.  Why not have just left it alone, he definitely wasn't helping the animal by offing it.  Stupid, Stupid, Stupid hunter.  Movie would have at least made MORE sense if after killing the animal he turned the specimens over after all that happened.  But then again, I hate hunting and people that kill animals as sport or leisure.
this was quite possibly the most annoying movie ever."Dumb" is too smart for this movie!This movie makes the Blair Witch look like a 5 star movie!I actually wanted to put my head through a wall- that's how stupid this movie is!80% of the movie is a camera being dragged through brush and trees.worst script logic ever! IT MADE NO SENSE!  nothing was even remotely realistic or logical!If this was a film about how to make the worst decisions ever while being hunted by a murderer- then it's the best movie ever! lolThis movie was so bad it's hard to give examples- I'm so sorry.I will never watch a movie by this director ever again.I'm sorry that I sound like a broken record... it's just I can't believe how gawd awful this film was!
What a bore.  How many more Blair Witch Project copy-cats are people going to make?  I guess if you like the show where the people &#34;hunt Big Foot&#34;, running around in the woods in the dark with shaky cameras saying &#34;did you hear THAT?&#34; every 2 minutes, you will like this one.  In this one instead of  running around in the dark woods,  they run around in a dark mine with shaky cameras saying &#34;did you hear THAT&#34; every 2 minutes.  Even Art Bell must fall asleep trying to watch this silliness.
Maybe even 2.5 stars. Lots of repeating-hello I don't need to watch the same thing 4 times. Terrible camera work. Bought 1 episode. Won't by another.
Amazon's forays into series making is, at best, frustrating.  This is one of several that they've posted a pilot for without any follow up.  Television learned decades ago that the best method is to run a series until people stop watching.  I guess Amazon is fishing for response to see if they want to publish more, but give me a month or two after the first teaser episode, and I will have forgotten that I ever cared.  I'm giving up on the Amazon series, because it doesn't look like they've really decided to make them.  When they make up their mind and post them once a week, I may come back and get into them, but until then, these, though well-made, are no better than empty promises.
Better written series than most medieval stories. I would recommend this if you are board and want to wast some time.
I'm going to start off by saying that while I love and adore the original sets of V miniseries (V and V: THE FINAL BATTLE), I absolutely loathed the spin-off weekly series. Waaaaay too soap-opera for me.With the advent of smarter and deeper television over the last decade, I was first in line to give the new V series a chance, especially since it had featured so many actors that I had loved from other shows I loved (Elizabeth Mitchell from LOST, Morena Baccarin AND Alan Tudyk from FIREFLY and Laura Vandervoort from SMALLVILLE), and a modern sensibility brought to a great Sci-Fi concept is usually a good thing (see BATTLESTAR GALACTICA).But where the old V miniseries succeeds is every place that the new V weekly series falls short.First, there's character: After watching the first ten episodes, I found, and not for nostalgia's sake, that I cared more about the original miniseries' characters over the course of 3-4 hours than I ever did about any of the characters on this incarnation. There is just nothing there to connect with. Mitchell's FBI/mom character is the only one that has anything to work with and it's just not enough. Baccarin's Anna has none of the gleeful devilishness of the original series' Diana; Scott Wolf's Chad Decker is so much of a non-entity that I'm surprised that he's even credited.Second, the plot: It's pretty much the same as the original, but the V's seem to be bringing more with them. And certainly their weapons are more high-tech. And they've been here before, developing "sleeper cells" which is a change from the original. But in a Post-9/11 America, we sure are awful quick to accept the V's, which just doesn't hold water. And conversely, we're awful quick to determine that there has to be a Resistance against these evil V's... and this is all in the first episode.Third, the action: Where is it? There was never a moment of tension that was more than barely palpable in all the episodes I watched.In the final analysis, I stopped watching not because it doesn't match up to the original, but because it could be smarter and more tense, and it just isn't. I gave it chance after chance, but besides the few moments I thought worked, there were so many that didn't.I never thought that I'd be yearning for the days of Marc Singer, but the new V series does make you more than just nostalgic. It makes you wonder why, when there have been great Sci-Fi shows like LOST, BATTLESTAR GALACTICA and FIREFLY, that this is a show that has been successful. It's obvious that ABC is looking for its next LOST, but V is not it. Not by a long shot.
This season has lost a lot of the fizz from the previous two seasons. It became plodding, and somewhat boring.
I'm not sure how The Mentalist has lasted 5 years. It's not a bad show, but there are so many crime dramas on TV and The Mentalist is just one more. Like Bones and Castle, the show has a team of good looking good guys who inevitably triumph over most of the bad guys. The plots of the three shows are pretty much interchangeable, but Bones and Castle have a little more humor and a bit lighter focusing more on the relationship between the two lead characters. If you like conventional network crime shows (this is no Dexter) you might like The Mentalist.
Get on a boat, look for croc, find croc, shoot in the head. Repeat. The entire thing! At one point there is a storm lol.
Based on a lot of the reviews that are already posted here, I don't think there are a whole lot of people calling it like it is. So, I will take it upon myself to be the voice of truth about VERONICA MARS season 3. There are 5 star people raving about it because they love the show and are unwilling to accept the truth and there are 1 star people who aren't giving the 3rd season a fair assesment.There is not a single show on TV, not a single one, that my wife and I don't flock to week to week, other than VERONICA MARS and the 3rd season was no exception. As the 3rd season played out, we found ourselves completely involved as we had been the previous 2 season, all the way up to the midseason cliff hanger. A serial rapist. A murder on campus. All the suspense and mystery was in tact and juicy as ever.Then, when the show started back up, all the things that we had gotten involved in were solved in the first handful of episodes. The following episodes were, for lack of better words, UNEVENTFUL. All the way up to the odd and uncomfortable season finale that ended with the yawning cast of a vote.Even my wife was shocked at the abrupt and uneventful ending. What did they do? What happened? Did the writers lose interest? Did the network pull the plug on the show before they wrote the final episodes? This is what I think. Personally, I believe the only thing that explains the weak ending of the 3rd season would be that the writers and producers knew that the CW had given up on them. So, they in turn, gave up on the CW.All speculation aside, VERONICA MARS fell off the table halfway through the 3rd season. The charm and personality of the characters and actors involved was still intact, but the stories being told were in par with a fledgling show instead of a show that has given us some of the best television moments around over it's 2 1/2 prior seasons.The CW just needs to face the facts. The ratings that they're suffering aren't because of quality of show, but because of lack of STATIONS and lack of bribing the NIELSON and ARBITRON companies... like the big boys do... cause we're watching... and unfortunately, we're not watching VERONICA MARS anymore.
FREAKONOMICS (90 mins., various directors) is a ramshackle documentary presenting various statistical theories, based on a book (Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything (P.S.)) by "economist" Steven Levitt and journalist Stephen Dubner. While I had a long-standing desire to read the book, I hadn't heard of the concordant documentary and was anxious to see it when I did hear about it.Before I go on, let me regale you with the latest shill's message to me regarding this film: "It is your assertions of racism, etc. that are anti-intellectual. I could, in fact argue that YOUR discussion of "Black names" reflects a rather insidious degree of bigotry. In addition, your criticisms of the quality of the data are amazingly uninformed."WOW. Sell a lot of books this way, do you? By insulting an honest reviewer, then demanding back-up evidence? This is a REVIEW, not a doctoral thesis. The idiots who made this film have the burden - not I. Mine is onerous enough writing to audiences filled with readers like YOU. And the filmmakers are the ones who raise the whole issue of "black" names, not I. And that is what you can expect from a film like this.The film is a huge let-down; it certainly steered me away from the desire to read the book. I've come to the conclusion that the appellation "rogue economist" (as Levitt calls himself) is a big red flag with Sarah Palin's silhouette on it.Full of somewhat interesting but ultimately useless and mildly offensive trivia, the documentary's biggest mystery is why several directors were hired to film the various segments. Some of the segments are downright insulting to the intelligence.In a word, stupid. Or, in another word, Wallywood. So here are the basic parts of this broken machine:REALTORS ROBBING CLIENTS: Levitt and Dubner yammer about the way realtors rip off their clients in the good old American home-selling scheme. While I found it informative, it could have been done more briefly and a lot more deeply.CHILDREN'S NAMES: This is about whether a child's name will affect that child's success later in life. It seems Levitt's whole point is to show how certain names could lead white girls to a stripper's life. I found this segment racist, aside from being offensive and frankly stupid.We all know the black community prefers specific names, and the documentary explains the well known phenomenon of black people getting the shaft when it comes to jobs. I doubt that is only because of the names the black community chooses but this film insists it is. In any case, I do not need statistics to explain that to me: I am half black.However, Levitt (the apparent heavy-lifter in all the fact-finding) tells us more: did you know that among rich white folk, the most popular names for girls used to be Jessica, Lauren, Ashley, Sarah and Emily? Among "the Wal~Mart crowd" (their term, not mine), the most popular names were Ashley ("Trashley"), Jessica, Amanda, Samantha and Brittney.I was having a hard time understanding how the white strippers relate to the problems of the black community and vice-versa, but there you are. Apparently, these two stalwart researchers also claim that the name Tyrone "is a black name." I have news for you: it is not a "black" name. The only thing in the world that is "black" in this context is the skin of some people. And that's not "black", it's "brown".Gee, I guess pointing that out makes me the racist here.SUMO MATCHES ARE FIXED: Next we have a segment about Sumo wrestling corruption in Japan. Plus the exciting topic about Japanese police and their general incompetence. It's really a segment about religious corruption because Sumo is a sort of extension under the Shinto religion. This was a good segment, but a totally confusing mish-mash if you are not already familiar with Japanese culture - which this documentary assumes you are.ROE V. WADE DROPPED OUR CRIME RATES: These dummies claim Roe v. Wade and the whole abortion issue might just be the answer to lower crime rates. How's that? - you may well ask. Levitt did a study of the evil Romanian dictator Ceaucescu and his draconian you-have-to-have-a-baby-NOW laws from circa 1989. Levitt found that about 20 years later, Romanian crime had skyrocketed. Coincidence?Based on this interestingly weak observation, Levitt decided to study U.S. crime rates dating 20 years after the Roe v. Wade decision. He claims he found crime had plummeted. Levitt asserts 50% of that total drop was thanks to Roe v. Wade and all the criminals-to-be that were never born. Allow me to explain why this is bad statistical use: Levitt freely asserts 50% of the drop in crime to be thanks to Roe v. Wade. He presents no evidence that he delved into ALL the necessary statistics to make that assertion.What is freely asserted is freely negated - any critics of my review familiar with THAT? If anyone expects me to quote statistical analysis here for the purpose of refuting these clowns, well, I don't have to do so. The burden is Levitt's. And he fails.BRIBE THE KIDS TO GET GOOD GRADES: For me this was the most stupid segment: an experiment in Chicago to bribe 9th graders to get good grades. The authors of the experiment believed bribes can and should be used to get these kids to do their schoolwork. As opposed to getting out on the street, joining a gang and possibly making several thousands of dollars a day doing whatever it is the gangs do.This type of film pains me. It is the usual pseudo-intellectualism camouflaged as something I can only label as 'significant trivia', and it has more to do with arrogant researchers who are full of themselves than it has to do with facts. Naturally, it deeply moves pseudo-intellectuals. This film tries to be light-hearted and humorous, but it falls flat.These "experts" are offensive idiots: they manage to insult the poor of all colors (is that funny?), the black community (oh, that MUST be funny), struggling parents (definitely not funny and most unwise) AND kids in dire need (just plain horrible and psycho). We can safely add that the authors/film narrators in some odd way have made pro-abortion people feel weird also.Imagine how they have offended cinema and the art of documentation.This certainly put me off reading the authors' book. Since I have a little bird who tells me things, I have had it brought to my attention that Levitt and Dubner "read reviews". Well, gentlemen, I hope you learned something from my review. The public has a right to know all balanced criticisms. Apparently, some strange enemy has read my review already anyway.Please know: my review is a great deal more fair than the documentary.
DO NOT BUY THIS!!!!!This is NOT the episode.It is the under 2 minute "prequel" that is available FREE at the BBC America website.Someone at Amazon is either incompetent (at best) or greedy (at worst).I OFFICIALLY ****PROTEST**** BEING CHARGED FOR THIS.
I have to give Jennifer Garner credit for playing a despicable character in sheep's clothing with such unfettered brio in this 2012 comedy, one that aspires to be a darkly eccentric political satire but ultimately becomes too soft-centered for its own good. That outcome is a real shame since the stellar cast is obviously quite game for something edgier, the women in particular, and the scabrous tone works well for at least the first half of the movie. Director Jim Field Smith and first-time writer Jason Micallef certainly make their political proclivities clear with their broad caricature of corn-belt values and status-hungry elitists who intend on attaining power any way they can. With her constantly pinched voice, crisp color-coordinated outfits, perfect hair and make-up and a triple strand of pearls strung tightly around her neck, Garner is obviously playing Laura Pickler as an amalgam of Sarah Palin and Michelle Bachman but with a more naked malevolence toward anyone who stands in her way toward the White House.Even though her congenial husband Bob, the Iowa State Fair's 15-time butter sculpting champion, is asked by the judges to bow out of the latest competition, Laura is not about to relinquish her powerful position as queen of the fair and decides to enter the contest herself. However, she faces unexpected competition from a ten-year-old African-American child named Destiny, who has been moving from one foster home to another with her packed suitcase in tow. She somehow maintains a level head about her life as she tries to figure out what her true talent is. The answer lies in butter. For most of the first hour, the film provides a lot of easy laughs at the expense of Middle America conservatism and Tea Party stereotypes. It was clever to cast Ty Burrell since he plays Bob as a slightly duller variation on his classic portrayal of dimly lit Phil onModern Family, but he's quickly relegated to the sidelines here. The first butter sculpting contest is set up quite amusingly with the addition of two other contestants: Carol-Ann, a devoted fan girl of Bob's played with ditzy dexterity by Kristen Schaal (30 Rock), and a vengeful, hard-edged stripper named Brooke, who is waiting for a $600 payment from Bob for services rendered.As an unsavory character who wants desperately to annihilate Laura's dreams of higher status, Olivia Wilde is a genuine comic revelation who almost steals the entire movie as Brooke. Having just seen her as the overly patient, put-upon girlfriend inPeople Like Us, I am surprised at how bracingly funny she is here in her 180-degree turn as a foul-mouthed nihilist trying to look tough riding on a girl's bicycle. Playing what has to be considered the too-good-to-be-true Obama figure, Yara Shahidi brings quiet depth to Destiny and makes her feeling of isolation palpable even as her foster parents show their unconditional love for her. As the liberal-minded couple who take her into their home, Rob Corddry (Seeking a Friend for the End of the World) tamps down his antic comic style just enough to resonate, while Alicia Silverstone (Clueless) makes a welcome return as the one likeable grown woman in the story. Although the movie has a sharper edge than "The Campaign", Micallef's screenplay reaches a certain point where you begin to realize that there is little to Laura's motivations beyond her small-minded ambition.It's at this juncture in the story that Hugh Jackman shows up as her former flame Boyd Bolton, a successful car dealer who still holds a torch for Laura and colludes with her to ensure her victory at the fair. In only a few scenes, Jackman hams it up considerably, especially in a silly prayer scene. Phyllis Smith (Bad Teacher), on the other hand, has a few sharply funny moments as the continually flummoxed contest moderator. The final showdown feels rather repetitive with little variety in the build-up of suspense and a denouement that feels far too predictable and contrived to make the story's resolution feel like it was earned. Nevertheless, the central concept of butter sculpture as the means of driving the absurdist plot somehow works. Seeing all the blocks of yellow lard turn into hilariously inappropriate creations like Schindler's List, T-Rex Eating Girl, The Last Supper, and even JFK's assassination provides the film's biggest laughs. At the same time, in a dilemma that it shares with "The Campaign", I just wish the filmmakers maintained their initial audacity all the way through instead of slapping on an ending that lets the story sputter out insipidly.
This pilot was pretty good, very similar to sitcoms such as Arrested Development, Scrubs, The Office, and Children's Hospital on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim lineup.More hijinx from these guys -- please!
Let me get this straight ... a bunch of jackass Republican senators who have no real convictions but end up on the wrong side of every issue is supposed to be a sitcom?  Two problems with that ... we can all see this ridiculous s*** on a little program called "the news" every day ... and second if there's a joke here it's on the American public ... and that's not funny, it's sad.
The acting is very good, the sense is great, but the plot twists are not satisfying. Good, but not great.
I really wanted to like this but even with John Goodman and Bill Murray you ruined it. There was no balance and it was so slanted and bigoted against anyone with conservative or a republican viewpoint that I couldn't finish watching it.  The writing is indicative of a person who has a personal hatred of anyone on the right. If the underlying story had told the truth and there had been anything truly funny, it could have been good.
In the opening scene John (Scott Adkins) sets the screen scene record for a non-cyborg to get hit by a crowbar and survive. As he wanders off into a coma as he watches Luc Deveraux (Jean-Claude Van Damme) who is wearing gloves, murder his family. The FBI knows it is Luc, because he "left his prints all over the place." Now is this a clue, or just a screw up?John awakes from his coma and doesn't remember much of his life as he looks for Luc and tries to put things together. He discovers he was not a nice person and that entering a strip joint causes instant healing as he no longer has to use his cane to get around. He teams up with a dancer (Mariah Bonner) who knows the bad him and they go on an adventure having to fight off a "Manchurian" plumber who drives a truck with a self repairing hood.In order to keep things level, people who could act better than Jean-Claude Van Damme and Dolph Lundgren were not considered for roles. All around a fairly sorry film for the franchise. Oh, not "Halloween 3" bad, but close.Parental Guide: F-bomb, sex, full frontal nudity (male and female), plenty of blood and exploding heads.
Maybe it was the dubbing, but the acting is terrible. The plot is about some scientists who are testing a glacial region that has shifted. They come across a portion of glacier that is red as blood. There are denials, suspicions, and predictable &#34;What was that?&#34; &#34;Who's there?&#34;. Well, you know. Mutations are formed from the organism in the glacier, and then there's the blood and gore. I watched this CD at a friend's house, and I'm relieved I didn't waste my money on the CD or in the theater.
I watched "Breaking Bad" as I have started so many other "premium" series, like "The Wire", "Game Of Thrones" and others because I first heard about it on PBS.  Thinking there was some "literacy" and seriousness to it I watched the first season which by the time I got around to it was free on NetFlix I think it was.It's clever and interesting and engrossing and I have watched all the series up to this point ... end of season 5 and contemplating purchasing season 6, the last season.As I look back on it I find most of what I watched I watched because the spectacle and craziness.  Like a car crash it's hard to take one's eyes away and one wants to know what is going to happen next and keep up with what other people you know see.The problem with this series though is that any statement about morality, drug-dealing, violence, crime, "breaking-bad" is really non-existent or useless, because just the sensational parts of the show are shown.  We don't see any of the fallout, or more accurately we do not really see the results of Meth on the people and the families of Walt's users.  We get to see some pretty fancy "mafia-like" footwork as in "The Godfather" in assassinations and murders, set to music and choreographed like a dance.We see the innocent and guilty affected by this, and the domination and abuse of Walt's wife Skylar who has no choice but to sit it out and wait to see what happens.  We don't actually see what would really be happening to Skylar if she was real, how she would prematurely age and start to get sick from the stress of her life and the lies she has to live and the threats from her husband who was until this thing started apparently her sole support system.In short, the show is completely sensational, has no literary or artistic aspect to it ... in my humble opinion.  It is spectacle.  So after all this time I suppose I will see the last season ... although I thought they told me last season was the last season and now I have to buy another one.  I suppose this will either follow the pattern of most series and Walt will get his comeuppance which always seems funny to me that we see all this gratuitous violence and crime for 5 seasons, and then in very end of the last season the anti-hero gets his punishment - OR - we will get something like the Sopranos, Walt does more bad stuff and his life goes on.I have to summarize that this program is just another violent television series that is just something to watch.  It will fade into the past like the Godfather or the Sopranos all this talk will be forgotten.  So, I'd say 3/5 ... it's entertaining.  If you have not watched it, I'd say think about it and whether you want to fill your brain with this nonsense, if not, you're not missing much.  If so, you're not getting much - but entertainment.  That's OK if that's what you want.I'd rather have gotten the whole series for free now that I have watched it in order to not be sending money to such enterprises.  Kind of sorry I have spent money on it.*** Since everyone is voting me as unhelpful, which is interesting because I have the longest and most detailed writeup of all these reviews, I thought I would just explain why I gave the lowest rating on the board here, a 3/5, to "Breaking Bad".  It's because I don't know how it ends.  When I was watching "LOST" I thought it was great too, and then a little less great, and finally on the last show the whole mystique and fascination of the show was gone and my excitement long gone, replaced by just wanting it to be over, though I still liked it and found it interesting.  "Breaking Bad" is a bit like that, so I don't want to give it a high rating, or a low rating, and if it is like "LOST" maybe a 3/5 is well-deserved.  Sorry to offend all the fanatics here who said nothing and gave the show a 5/5.*** Thought I was just reviewing the season 5 summary episode ... but I have to admit the opening episode of season 6 is tense, gripping and very well done.  Everything is dropping away and we are starting to see who Hank is and who Walter is.  I find myself really fearing for Hank and wondering where this sudden will to live is coming from in Walter.  Great episode.
I'm realy tired of so called cop shows that deal with 'alternate realities'. This one lost my interest in the first five minutes. I just don't care.Mistery and suspence should be based on real life. There is plenty there. Imaginary situations should be left to sci-fi and fantasy, not a suposed 'real world'.Thumbs down, all the way on this one!
A Promise To My Father-Tim Gray  This documentary shows that the Holocaust still has far reaching effects on the survivors and children of survivors.  It would have been wonderful to find the family treasures, but would he had a fight to claim them and get them home?  More heartbreak? Our histories as individuals give us a frame of reference for who we are.  While we are responsible for the people we become, understanding those who went before us give us an appreciation/understanding for our current settings.  It's an interesting venture.
This is a prequel to the Burn Notice series. It is designed to tell the story of how Bruce Campbell's character Sam Axe ended up in Miami. It is essentially an hour and a half long episode, which aside from a 5 min cameo from Jeffrey Donovan, involves his character exclusively. It definitely misses things like the character interaction, quick wit and even the voice overs you get in the series. It just makes it feel a little off.The story centers around Sam having to train a ragtag band of farmers in Columbia who are mistakenly branded a terrorist organization to survive an attack by a corrupt paramilitary organization who want their land. There are also the requisite North American aid workers who get involved in the story, and toward the end a couple bumbling CIA officers who show up in Season 7 of the TV show. The story kind of skirts the line between serious and campy, and does have some tie ins to the show (like the origin of Sam's alias Chuck Finley).While Campbell did a fine acting job and plays his character well, I just think it lacked what makes the TV show so great. I know there are some people who really dislike this, and if you were expecting it to be more like the TV show as opposed to a stand alone movie, I can understand that sentiment. It is certainly not something that you have to see in order to understand anything in the series. Aside from knowing who the CIA agents are when they show up in the 7th season of the TV show, there is nothing else from this that has been tied in.As far as extras, there is audio commentary, some deleted scenes and a feature on Jeffrey Donovan directing. Overall I think it is OK. Certainly not great, but for a $10 blu ray disc, it was worth the price.
I had a hard time trying to get into this story. Not something i wanted to spend time watching on.
This show was funny at parts! But boring for the most part! There was way to much cursing that was unnecessary to make it funny. The constant cursing took away from the storyline of the show! The black guy was the funniest part of the show! The storyline didn't hook me to make me want more right now! Probably wouldn't watch another episode! :(
Would easily get four stars if they hadn't cut it off after one season. Talented cast and a suspense filled plot line made it exciting. Another poor decision at the 'suits' level of network television. Remember &#34;Flash Forward?&#34;
A toothless, unoriginal thriller, IN THEIR SKIN follows a fairly wealthy family (lawyer father, alcoholic mother, prop-set son) as they retreat to their vacation home in the woods following the accidental death of their daughter. While they grieve and struggle to hold both themselves and their family together, they encounter another family (dad, mom, and son) who a persistent about making nice. Of course, if you've seen the trailer (which gives away pretty much the entire film except for the final fifteen minutes), this new family is not what they seem.The director does a decent job with what is obviously a paint-by-numbers script. Not a single line of dialogue or twist in the plot is unique or interesting, and the entire story feels like the product of a Learn Screen-Writing By Mail correspondence course. The acting isn't too bad, although the performers aren't asked to attempt anything of a whole lot of depth. And even though you can easily see where the film is headed, there are a few tense moments nevertheless. Unfortunately, they come after a whole lot of waffling around, and they precede an ending that feels sloppy, rushed, and pretty much tacked on. All in all, I wouldn't say it's a bad movie -- it feels almost like the template for a movie, like it wants to be embellished with more interesting characters, conversations, and plot elements -- but it's also about as memorable as a glass of water.
Couldn't even finish &#34;Sky City&#34; - it just feels like a sales pitch. Just get to the extreme engineering people.
I liked the other 3 seasons better. This season seemed to have little cohesion for me. I still liked it but not like the others.
Zombie Strippers (2008) is a horror comedy that as you might guess from the title, involves a number of women working as strippers who are transformed into zombies.  Reality is pretty much off the table early, as besides taking a few shots at George W. Bush, featuring half naked women getting violent, spilling blood, and engaging in some outrageous acts, is the main point of the film.Sometime in the future, a private company working with the government has developed a Chemo-virus that re-animates the dead, and turns them into relentless fighting machines.  A soldier infected by this formula while on a mission, winds up at a strip club where he attacks a dancer named Kat (Jenna Jameson), turning Rhino gentlemen's club's star attraction into a zombie, who covered in blood, becomes an even more popular performer.Club owner Ian Essko (Robert Englund) sees his staff of strippers gradually being transformed into infected homicidal zombies who murder his clientele, however he isn't too concerned, since profits are way up.  The talent includes Gaia (Whitney Anderson), Lilith (Roxy Saint), and an innocent newbie named Jessy (Jennifer Holland), a Christian fresh off the farm, seeking to earn enough cash to pay for an operation for her grandmother.  When the zombified clientele gets loose, Essko arms his staff.  Eventually the army gets on the trail, and raids the establishment with chaotic results, as the violence reaches extreme levels, featuring outrageous gore, and some pretty radical special effects.Zombie Strippers features cartoonish violence, gory kills, lots of blood, crushed skulls, and half-naked zombies engaging in some radical dance numbers, in between infecting the club's mesmerized patrons.  The zombie makeup gets more extreme as Jenna Jameson and Whitney Anderson evolve into rival creatures who do battle on the dance stage.  Jameson's character even goes on the attack with vaginal launched projectiles.For zombie fans that are also Prime members, Dead Snow (2009), Brain Dead (2007), and Aaah! Zombies (2007) are among the current offerings that might be worth your time.
There were some good entertainers, and some are just dumb.  I kept a paper and pen and wrote down names of the ones I wanted to see more.  They keep them in fairly short bits.  If you are looking to laugh continuous this may not be for you.  But each person has a different sense of humor so give it a try, but don't expect greatness.
The opening has some promise, but a lot of the jokes were very hackneyed and the characters a little underdeveloped.  We'll see if it gets past pilot to see if the characters develop.
No hard sell on going vegan. I was open to going vegan but the film affirmed my view that vegans are so disgusted with factory farming that  they opt out all together. The film on cruely and animal abuse in factory farming, which they showed to their three New Yorkers  , willing to give it a try,  seemed to have the biggest effect.They were traumatised . As most americans would be if they chose not to turn a blind eye or were exposed to the sickening cruelty as suppressed by corporate interests.However it encouraged me to investigate if cage free eggs were more humane or Perdue chickens and their not. So the film 's a reminder to those of us trying to do the right thing and be more vigilant in sourcing animal food/ products farmed humanely.I think a film on changing diet to be more vetarian with a little/less meat and where to find it and being sure to verify pervasive fraudulant claims ( that are somehow still legal) is more useful.  Whatever- this over-comsumption of meat and dairy within the last century  is not sustainable enviromentally or in health costs; we need more films to make the transition than turn vegan. I did not feel it was very representative that 2 out of 3 of the film's guinia-pigs were  persuaded to turn vegan in the end.
Certain movies speak to a specific time or place and the 1980 horror slasher "Maniac" is one of those films. William Lustig's bleak portrait of a serial killer capitalized on the birth of the home video market to offer an underground movie experience to audiences who didn't typically have access to non-mainstream cult movies. For its time, it became a bona fide sensation. I'd maintain that it isn't a particularly good movie (and I've probably seen it a half dozen times and own it), but it was startlingly effective as a new breed of shocker. The early eighties were a thrilling time for independent films! The VHS explosion opened up a whole new world and made monster hits out of movies that otherwise would not have been so impactful with lesser availability. "The Evil Dead," for example, is one of the era's most sweeping success stories. Part of the appeal of the original "Maniac" is that it is a visceral movie, one that puts the viewer right into the middle of some rather unpleasant events. This remake maintains a chilly aloofness and captures events from a bold "killer's eye" viewpoint, but it simply lacks the horrific novelty of its predecessor. With another 30+ years of movie brutality in the can, the story behind "Maniac" doesn't have the same effect as it once did.Beyond this observation, though, I will refrain from any other comparisons and simply look at this new iteration of "Maniac" on its own terms. Elijah Wood plays the titular character and he is, indeed, unwell. Fans of Wood might embrace this change-of-pace endeavor, but it should be noted that he isn't actually seen very often despite being in every frame of the movie. The whole experience is done with a creepy Point of View perspective, meaning that we're seeing through Wood's eyes. As far as plots go, Wood stalks a number of women throughout before pouncing in for the next brutal murder. Despite being (quite literally) in Wood's head, his character isn't developed in any depth (aside from the classic back story, told in brief flashbacks, that pins his compulsion on the acts of his mother). And we're also not asked to know anything about his victims or have any sympathy for them. When an attack occurs, we're simply left listening to Wood's panicked rants. While I found this approach rather interesting, the whole experience became a bit repetitive due to a lack of character involvement.I think that's what I'm most apathetic about with "Maniac." I didn't think it was a terrible movie, but I simply didn't care much about what transpired. There isn't much suspense because there is no emotional investment. It doesn't help that most of the victims give rather amateurish performances either. Wood is creepy and effective in his voice work. The movie is shot and scored with a nod to its eighties heritage, and this homage works for the gritty violence depicted. The movie has a decent enough gore factor, but it's all so impersonal. At only ninety minutes, there isn't much story to maintain its brief running time. In the end, the movie was an interesting visual experiment for me. But because I never felt close to Wood or his victims AND never really felt the palpable dread that I desired, I can't muster up an unqualified endorsement. If you like the genre, you might give this a look. But it's not nearly as horrifying as it might have been. KGHarris, 10/13.
Wow, what a boring movie, the cover had all these great reviews of how fantastic this movie is and that it's the best horror film of the year, what a let down, kept waiting for the horror to come, it didn't, my wife fell asleep it was the interesting, the characters were fine and the acting good, but the story was just not up to par, could not consider this movie as anything but a waste of time, sorry I bought it and paid full price, trying to hard, special effects were nothing special, no scares, they say old time creepy, not really, the old time horror movies that relied on atmosphere and story development are nothing like this movie, don't waste your time, though the movie might bore you to death.
This is O.K., but just. The animation is crude and unable to portray any of Tennant's facial expressions, which are a big part of his Dr. Who persona. I enjoyed hearing him again but I would recommend this only for a die hard fan. The story is pure Who and I found myself wishing they had made this into a standard episode.
Rainbow flag men and boys have so many barriers and biases to face.  Richard dealt with his dear sister's death and being molested for years without others knowing.  He's had it tough, but he still ends up being a jerk here.He kinda reminded me of Andy Bell of Erasure, except I have nothing but respect for Mr. Bell.  Richard did some activist/non-profit work; I'm guessing he had anti-drug resources that he didn't bother to access.  Yes, his brother is/was homophobic, but he seemed more understanding of Richard than the other way around.  He is sucking his mother dry of money.  The work never mentions HIV/AIDS, but he engaged in lots of activities that I would imagine could put him in great risk.My favorite part of any "Intervention" episode is when the addicted person walks into the hotel room and sees their loved ones.  Richard wasn't even brave enough to stay.  You never really see him for the rest of the episode.The episode ends by saying Richard is no longer on drugs.  I highly doubt that.  He just seemed very nasty and abusive.  I can't imagine him staying sober.  He really needs to do nicer things so he can get some good Karma.  Otherwise, he's in BIG, BIG trouble!
The rating fits this movie for being poorly written, as well as the acting not being what it should be to follow just what was going on.  For a true story this could of been far better than it was and I recommend it not being worth my time to watch.I personally do not recommend this movie...Is truly more of a porn movie than a story that happened in real life.
This show was fun at first but now the violence has just gotten to be to much for me. It has become senseless and disgusting and plain boring.  No wonder our young people are getting more violent and having less and less care for human life. These types of show desensitizes our young minds. Started watching from the first episode so will finish it but after will try for less violent and more intellectual.
I am enjoying he first season of Defiance which is an interesting look at a future St. Louis in which humans and aliens coexist, although not always peacefully.
I didn't really care for the show. The only reason I watched it was because I think Judi Dench is fabulous. But don't really care to watch much more of this show.
The series is doing what the book does. It's beginning to drag.
To those not familiar with the character, Solomon Kane was one of the fictional creations of Texas writer Robert E Howard of the early 20th century.  Specializing in sword and sorcery, the stories and ensuing comic books have now been brought to life in a full-length feature film starring some smaller name Hollywood stars.  Though the original stories occurred throughout the world, this movie takes place firmly in Europe at the height of the Age of Discovery.  The movie begins with prologue describing the evil ways of Kane, and how he came to redemption.  The meat of the movie shows Kane wandering Europe avoiding sin until it finally catches up with him in the form of an evil army which he must defeat.  At its root is a fallen brother who works for the devil (don't they always).  And so we have the climactic battle between good and evil where Kane somehow vanquishes the devil with hardly a scratch to his body or soul.As a movie the acting is enough to carry the plot forward.  The dialogue is good, nothing cheesy or hokey.  The cinematography was good when it was not dark and shadowy.  As to the fight scenes; lets just say they were fast, furious, bloody, and often times ridiculous as we see one man slay hundreds in his way.  But then again the latter is a common fault in just about all sword and sorcery films.  There is little comedy, and minimal romance, just blustery action with some suspense if you suspend disbelief for a while.  Overall, an average action flick from Hollywood.
Should not be compared to 'Girls" but rather the above noted show. Hope it is given a chance to grow. Acting lessons would help some though much stronger in second show. Not bad overall. Actually quite funny.
This Aussie chicks are hot and when you're bored its great to watch. This is also a good story, great morals and what not. Girl power kinda plot.
Bote: I saw the first 12 or 13 episodes via XFinity On Demand.This show was funny for the first six or seven episodes. But then, it became bland, and the content in the episodes did not match the TV-PG rating. The last episode that I saw in its entireity was Plus One, which had two genuinely funny lines from Mikayla. I stopped watching the show during Walk-n-Wave when some strippers were shown in the background. I'd expect that in a TV-14 show, but NOT in a TV-PG show. Reminds me of Political Animals, where the content did NOT match the program rating (please see my review on that). The part of the episode where Will Arnett & Margo Martindale do a re-enactment of the climactic scene in A Few Good Men is hilarious.I don't recommend this program. Two And A Half Men (until Season 9) is better.
If you have Nothing else to do and are lonely & just want the tv on, this may be perfect for you to &#34;watch&#34;. LAME.
An interesting concept. Its like you are showing the inside thoughts of teachers. If they could do or say what they really wanted to sometimes.  Definitely an interesting POV of storytelling. Didnt really love or connect with any one character which may be a good thing as its an ensemble.Would I download the full season one? I probably wouldnt rent or buy it outright, but as an Amazon Prime customer with it already included I would watch it on a rainy day.
If you like Vikings - many of the historical aspects, the realism, the sets and costumes and weapons are wonderful to see.  Then it devolves into a sort of soap opera-ish storyline and gets a little disappointing.  The  aspects of Viking culture that come through and concepts of Viking Myth and their Gods continue to be satisfying.  But I started to stop caring about many of the characters as the shows went on.  Good.  But not Great!
A mostly typical hostage scenario where a couple going on a reconciliation retreat to a remote island home in Wales find a soldier unconscious on a nearby beach. They take him in and he takes the house over (has a gun of course) by insisting that the couple board themselves inside in order to be protected, from what he says, an airborne virus spreading around the world. The couple has no way to verify what he is saying and thus the couple (therefore the viewers) question the soldier's credibility. The husband, as is often the case in these scenarios, is weaker and more submissive than the female. This leads to the major weakness in the story (seems to be a standard characterization for these types of movies) which is the series of dumb decisions the hostage couple make throughout the movie. I sometimes think it's part of the script to engage the viewing audience into the "How dumb can you be?" hook.Bell portrayed his soldier character well while Newton and Murphy seemed too over the top, not-believable, in their portrayals of the couple. The ending had a nice twist, although, it too suffered from believability. Yes, it's just a movie but you want storyline consistency.Caution, tint of spoiler: You have a real couple with real marital issues at a real country estate. Yet, part of an over-the-top fantastical military conspiracy??
Two seasons was more than enough for me. Nothing really changes -- new charactors, couple twists, etc in the next season but really -- it is what it is.
I liked what Natalie Zea did in Justified and may have a hard time seeing her in other roles but she's a good actress beyond being extremely attractive.  Many of the characters are funny and the writing is good but its just another &#34;team of professional sports underdogs&#34; offering.  We'll see if they can make it worth watching.
Good story line, like the actors. Way too much smoking, it does not help the show.  Get rid of the smokes.
My wife liked it for a few episodes.  That's about all I can say about it.  The theory of the show grows old after a very short time.
Don:t get it. _enjoyed the first season. This one doesn:t capture my interest from the first episode. Kinda of wondered what happened to the first family. _thought they would continue it.
The first grave encounters I really enjoyed. Dont get me wrong the second 1 is o.k. But they sould left this film out, because the first was the best and the ending was fine. But you know how production companies do. If you liked the first, give it a try. You might like.
Im all for low budget, b-movies but this one didn't even seem to try. Acting is poor. The sound and sound mixing is terrible. The premise is good but the execution couldn't have been worse. With zombies ALL AROUND YOU, how is it that these characters never paid attention to their surroundings and were constantly caught off guard&#8230; Theres a certain level of stupidity portrayed in these movies that's forgivable and tolerable but this movie takes the cake&#8230; can I give a rating lower than one please?
I was snowed in one afternoon and rather than do anything productive I elected to watch this film.  To my surprise it held my attention and I confess that I rather enjoyed it.  The story is interesting -- how lives connect and there are lots of great locations: Paris, Vienna, London, the Denver airport in a snowstorm. Many languages are spoken and a certain amount of skin is shown.  People fall in love and leave and switch partners, quit jobs and get fired.  An Imman and a psychiatrist are consulted as well as a call girl.  There's a Russian gangster too --something for almost everyone.  If I sound condescending I have to admit that I sat through the Whole Thing and if I were really honest I'd probably give it four stars.  But I won't because I don't really want to give shoppers the idea that this is a better film than it is.The cast is great, though and there are a few genuinely moving moments in the segment with Anthony Hopkins as a man searching for his missing daughter.  Jude Law is always exquisite and the rest of the cast is very good.  If you don't expect high art or you're snowed in you might enjoy this film.
A friend of my wife recommended this movie to us, saying it was extraordinary, and after watching it, I cannot help but wonder how good a friend she really is :) This is one miserable movie, based on a premise that is not really original, with many unlikable characters and that at times moves at snail's pace. The first 10 minutes were so bad that I am surprised I kept watching. After that it does get slightly better, but it never really delivers much to the viewer.The only redeeming aspect is some humorous moments that got chuckle from me, but the story and most of the characters were unlikable. The plot revolves as you can guess around a wedding, and we have the strong-willed bride that likes to have everyone marching at her own pace, the former boyfriend who we know is going to try to sweep the bride away, the conniving mother, the oblivious groom and a myriad of quirky family members. The use of flashbacks to tell the story of the bride and Joseph, her summer love, was OK, but nothing special.The performances are nothing to write home about, and as it should be clear by now, I am not satisfied at all with the experience. Luckily it was relatively short! I really recommend staying away from this one. My wife loves most British movies and she also thought this was rubbish.
Instead of the three words best man down, that's three words that better explain this movie. I barely got past a bloated Shelley Long and awful-facial-haired Justin Long before we got a priest in bed with a man. Ooooh, SO shocking. Yawn.
I enjoyed the show for a long time, but the last two seasons have been reaaaally phoned in.  Its probably good that it will be ending soon, or so they say.
This is not a well written show. It's unoriginal, the characters are bland, and it's not funny. It's not the worst of the pilots but it's near the bottom.
My kids seem to enjoy this show even though every episode is almost exactly the same as the one before it:  same plot, just a different animal that needs rescuing. The theme song makes me want to harry carry myself, but since it keeps the kids quiet for 20 minutes, I just gut it through.
I suppose that if one watches one episode a week....it would not be the case, but when watching episodes in fairly rapid succession, the subject gets quite boring.  I actually stopped watching without finishing the season.  Just got to be too predictable.
vanishing on 7th street is on of the worst movies I've forced myself to set through in YEARS........ it starts slow and strange, moves in bits & spurts and ends terrible with two young kids riding a horse to their death .............. I guess they're suppose to be the last two people on earth
I have loved the previous series of this show, but on this last one we seemed to be reduced from a group of talented people to just a couple. with some others that were just very poorThe end challenge felt like it was a duplicate of others that had happen throughout the show, and overall it was just generally not a goodI hope that if there is another series there will be something more like season 5 or the first couple of series
Just like the liberal media it is an attack on republicans. I would love to see a show attacking and making fun of democrats. It is funny in some ways because all politicians are the same fakes out for there own interest. This show has a ring of truth about it and is funny but into laugh out loud funny.
This was horrible right from the get go. I love the Onion news, but this just doesn't translate the same.Good luck next time.
To the extent it stays true to the memoir on which it is based and titled, the story line might be acceptable. Otherwise, it seems to have the trajectory to be trite and predictable. Sex and music deftly handled can worked. If simply formulaic, I would pass.
Just another of the reality shows that have little to offer. Ice Road Truckers was fun, at first, because few of us knew about the roads in Alaska and in the Yukon. Too many spin-offs. Boring.
First off, in my own opinion, this wasn't quite as good as something like The Warrior's Way. What got my attention about this film was its primary theme of rebelling against tyranny- especially unstable tyranny. And a small group of people (normally, it's misfits, in this case it's samurai becoming assassins) that go out of their way to bring said tyrant down. For this first half of this film, it felt pretty slow with only a couple of action scenes that felt a bit too quick, though I guess I can let it slide with the disturbing image of a young woman with limbs severed off (I got to hand it to him, Takashi refuses to follow any cinematic rules, and this film furthers his stuff). The meatier violence, sadly, is closer to the end, just in the second half of the flick. And, just like in movie Detective Story, there's a shocking image of a nude boy... though he actually takes a leak, getting a lead samurai to smile in incredulity of the simplicity of small village life. But when the action does start, it's heavy hitting, nonstop, and completely jaw-dropping. Out of all the assassins, I'm inclined to like the last added one since he's quite the riot with his clumsiness and big mouth. The very last action scene seemed to also have the best philosophy in the movie, since it deals with the integrity and diginity of all man, including one's own enemy and reveals the total nonchalance and inhumanity of the main enemy in the film. When all's said and done, I couldn't help but smile at the conversation that goes on that ends this film.
Despite being an Anglophile, after watching the first episode I just haven't bothered watching the rest.  Parade's End is beautifully done with all the attention to detail and period touches we've come to expect from productions of this caliber.  The acting is good too, but I just couldn't connect with the character's motives.For example, with the central married couple: the husband (and show's main character), meets his future wife on a train and falls so hard and fast for her that despite his gentlemanly, old fashioned scruples, they have one-off sex right then and there in the train car.  But in every other scene he is excruciatingly well-mannered and honorable and he sacrifices his own happiness and reputation to do the right thing by this two-timing, family-abandoning, excused of a wife.  She is supposed to be such a fun upperclass femme fatale, but the only side we are shown of hers is that of a homewrecking, love them and leave them beast.  She's not charming or crazy beautiful, she doesn't seem to care about anything or anybody, so what gives?It's not upliftng but depressing, and next we get to see how WWI affects these charming characters, really? I was looking forward to enjoying this show, but I can't seem to bring myself to watch beyond the first episode.
Interesting concept and story line,but takes forever to build the viewers evolvement. Then at the end of the final episode of season one, it left me hanging. I don't think the series was renewed and I believe the reason was viewers became frustrated with the pace of the series.
Let's see. This pretty much sums up the pilot.You have a father who divorces his wife, dresses like a woman, and refuses to tell his children. He wants to sell the house. And his kids think he has cancer. He doesn't. He just can't admit he swings for the other team. You might start to feel bad for him. So the writing is good.You have a brother who says he wants to flip his Dad's house. He gets mad because his Dad is going to give it to the oldest sister. He claims he is going to a "show" which really meant he was meeting a hooker. He apparently can't finish the job with his wife (I'm assuming that's who the blond is.) He wants her to cover a song. He tells her he loves her. Blah blah. I'm bored. Not feeling. The writers lost my interest. The guy is obsessed with women, drugs, and music.The youngest daughter is manly. The father says out of all his kids, she is the only one who understands. They talk about having a depressed gene. The youngest daughter hates her body and she becomes attracted to a trainer she saw at the park. He complaints her tightness. Blah blah. She does a lot of push-ups to try to look attractive.Now the oldest sister is bisexual? She is married to some man, but she runs into her lesbian lover from a trip and then they make love at the end of the episode. Well, they just make out. Then her father walks in (he is dressed like a woman) and says "hey ladies." Then the episode ends. Like we didn't see that coming. No shock factor and it didn't leave me asking for another episode. There just wasn't enough to pull me in and I sure didn't get the same "I need to watch another episode" feeling I got from a show like Alpha House."There is a lot of nudity and bad language. That is to be expected and it wasn't an issue. After all, it is rated Mature. But it was like the writers had an okay idea and just couldn't figure out the direction the show needed to go. So to fill in the missing gaps, they just said why not add nudity here and there. People will forget there is a hole in the plot because they will be distracted by the naked women.I can't see this becoming a series and it isn't something that would want me to keep my Prime. There are a lot of good original content on prime, but this show doesn't so justice.
This movie is really bad.  Not funny in the least.  A total waste of time. So sorry I rented it.
It had me then it let me go ,then it grabbed me again.
Watching this is like a trip in a time machine to 1965.  The colorful 2D animation is a hoot.  The good guys are obviously the good guys, (even with the angst of trying to find themselves) they are and remain the good guys.All in all its fun if you find yourself in the mood for uncomplicated plots served up with color and style of the past.
Very slow moving and without captioning much of the dialog was lost to me due to accents...  But ultimately a very good plot twist and an outcome that made it worth the time...  I will watch more...
There was some real talent in this movie but the writing and story telling just weren't there. &#34;Bride's Maids&#34; would be a better selection.
Because. And if you want to know who has all the questions and who has the answer, maybe you will ask yourself, why?
This show was great but ducks now same week after week. Its the writing the actors are giving ut their best poor things. When Fiona's tells Michael to end this we can only all agree.
We preferred the old Blue's Clues with hosts Steve or Joe. It was nice to see a kind goofy male role model.
Didn't have the fun and quality characters of the original Stargate Series.  These characters were too self-involved, too much unnecessary sex, very little self-discipline.  Overall the characters were not people with whom I would choose to spend time.  the plots didn't resolve themselves satisfactorily.  Was disappointed.
Fox accepting this series is a total waste. Another medical drama mixed with espionage and a female lead taking over and stuff (boring), yet I am glad it received a proper series finale.
Actually, I am nots ure it's an acting problem as much as it is a directing problem. I am sure the main character was told to act the way he did. It's just that his behavior is very squirrelly, almost like he has a mental disability, I think he should have been more forthright with his parole officer, because she was clearly very sympathetic for him.
I should have listen to all the reviews that gave this movie 3 stars. I'm not saying the movie was trouble ,but it was torn between sweet and bitter moments of intresting tales of 19centry AD. I felt that the writters; of this movie could have delivered a little more to keep the audience near the screen. Hopfully, it will be a remake of &#34;pompeii&#34; like they remade the movie &#34;Hercules&#34; 3 stars is sufficient for this movie and nothing more. I was expecting a great deal more!
ANOTHER after the world has gone to hell show.good acting tho and could be better but it's beendone a hundred times and I just got tired of themakeup and the script wore on me..which is a shameas the lead guy is a decent actor..but it just misses themark and is nothing to write home about..but that's just me.
If you have already seen the competing versions of this new tv show, you might start paling on the very idea of viewing yet another one. This is based on Jason Mott's novel which involves a small boy returning to his home decades after he drowned and died there. His parents are now old people but they do recognize him as their child. This is just the opening salvo as the formerly dead start showing up everywhere. Are they zombies, aka The Walking Dead? Well, if they are it is not obvious yet. But the fact that there are so many of them creates a growing problem. In this new ABC show and in the French LES REVENANTS (THE RETURNED) the essential plot point is identical. The new people are in exactly the same shape as when they died and the same age. They want to pick up their lives right where they left off. This throws the other people for a big loop as you might expect.So we start out knowing that France already had an incredibly similar series, LES REVENANTS (THE RETURNED), which aired about two years ago in France and a few months ago on Sundance. It was critically and popularly a hit but it was in French language and subtitled which means less of an audience. It featured a young girl who had died who returns to her home after she has risen from the dead.  She too is followed by others of her kind. Again, unknown if they are zombies but there is something off about them which eventually shows on their skins.About a year ago the BBC aired a show called IN THE FLESH which was about zombies cured and maintained by the socialist government, much like the AIDS virus is today. This was successful in the UK and BBC America. This was very good as it had a satirical element to it. There is of course AMC's ratings juggernaut THE WALKING DEAD which is about surviving in an actual zombie overrun earth, which is similar to the novel and movie WORLD WAR Z, written by Max Brooks and starring Brad Pitt. The novel was outstanding and the movie was good. There is also a movie called THE RETURNED which has the zombies controlled by medication but then the RX runs out. It was also very good.My biggest problem, having seen all of the above, is I have reached the melt down point with zombie or risen from the dead tv shows and movies.  There are just too many of them. If you have not seen all of the above, you are probably going to be more receptive to this new ABC show than I am. This reminds me of decades ago when tv was dominated by westerns.  It was so over saturated with them that getting a western made afterwards became the hardest sell in the business.  We may be heading there with zombies.What is the very best of all this zombie media? For me nothing beats Max Brooks' novel WORLD WAR Z. It is the book you must read as the movie is quite different. Max Brooks has become a cult figure with young people on college campuses as a result of these books and his talks are huge hits.  You cannot be into zombies and skip reading this book.Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
... it is not totally surprising that life in a brothel at the turn of the century was no bed of roses (or in any brothel today except maybe the Nevada houses which seem to always have a camera trained on the smiling whores), but the depiction of a lady's first encounter with sadism is shocking, and the mood pervades the rest of the flick. The symbolic &#34;emerald&#34; is confusing.
Yea, this and Romney will ingratiate us with our friends...Yea, this and Romney will ingratiate us with our friends...there is that enough words?Edit: Bad acting - oh my god can't they find an actor that can actually sit a horse? Whenever they get on a horse it reminds me of those cartoons when I was a kid where the character was out of sink - the horse goes down the rider goes up - a jarring tribute to those who were raised in the saddle. I'm sure that the 12 people that did not like my review live in their mother's basement and keep a bottle of liquid silicone and a box of Kleenex next to the remote.
I'm sorry, but I found this movie to be incredibly boring. Some friends forced me to watch it. Colin Farrell stars as an Irish fisherman named Syracuse who finds a woman named Ondine in his fishing net. He and his daughter, Annie believe she is a mermaid. I wouldn't recommend ONDINE!!!
As with any comic book show or movie, you know exactly what you're getting with every episode.  It is full of cliches like damsels in distress, starcrossed lovers, and conflicted bad boys who are actually good.  However, the modern twist on a Robin Hood theme is satisfying and the back story about the island and powerful people who control it is intriguing.
I hate to give a bad review but this movie really begs for one.No plot whatsoever,I kept waiting for a story line to pop up and all I could do was scratch my head.I enjoy watching Dafoe but I wish he had passed up this role!
All I could think of watching this is how Space Janitors (geek and sundry) was so much better, and that I didn't need a second star wars spoof in my life.
Yes, get the premise of Trans - Parent. But, cliched interactions between siblings and parents. Totally ridiculous plot line and obviously nothing in there that has any redeeming quality.Awful.
The movie is about a girl who has the ability to see the evil side of the person (they half-heartedly appear like those in Sixth Sense). After her mother is murdered, the girl and her father move from their apartment from L.A. to a  house in a quaint size town.  From there there the plot starts.  She ends up making a mischievous friend and befriends her elementary teacher.  She then begins to see a dead girl appear every once in a while and the mystery ensues.I was expecting a lot more out of this movie.  At the very least I was hoping for a small amount of build up or a bit of creepiness.  Both were lacking.  The suspense and climax is thin in this movie.  The story line is semi-obvious along w/ the prime suspect (villain).  I will rate this as a back-shelved Lifetime Network suspense movie.pjt.
an excellent cast, but the alien aspect was a bit unnecessary and silly. the storyline was compelling, sufficiently gory, worth watching!
I really enjoyed the first season but the second season went off on a tangent that was not interesting in the least.  It should have stayed with Bombshell.  Music in the first season was wonderful, not so much in the second season.
The premise of "ATM" - three people trapped in an ATM vestibule - is created by Chris Sparling, writer of another confined-space thriller "Buried" starring Ryan Reynolds. In "ATM," while withdrawing money from an ATM on the way home from a Christmas party, two young men and woman David (Brian Geraghty), Corey (Josh Peck) and Emily (Alice Eve) are trapped in an ATM booth by a hooded stranger, whose intent is not friendly.Though the story itself is not implausible, the way it unfolds feels so contrived and unrealistic that most viewers would stop caring what is going on. Without revealing too much of the film, I can say that 30 minutes into the film things start getting silly. The more elaborate the story gets, the less thrilling the film becomes, making us think about simpler solutions for the three characters.With convincing psychological interactions between the characters (including the stranger standing outside), "ATM" would have been much more entertaining. As it is, "ATM" is a typical case of a nice concept ruined by poor execution.
Undercover police dramas are not easy to watch because they require really great writing. The ultimate show would be one where the audience doesn't know who the undercover cop is. The key would be to stack the show with stars so that it would never be obvious who the cop might be, and to write the shows so that anyone could be the undercover. Dark Blue is so far away from that, thats its easy to see why it didn't last. More of a vehicle for its star, the show drops the ball from the opening scene. It's OK to watch if there's nothing else, but i wouldn't waste my time, unless you're a writer searching for the wrong way to write.
I am sure I am adding nothing new to this conversation but here are my thoughts.  This series is nothing like the book.  I am not talking some plot tweaks or a favorite book scene changed for television.  I mean outside of the Dome and the character names this is a different story.  The TV version is entertaining on its own but the book is far, far superior.  If you can swallow the ending  -  but that is Stephen, isn't it?
WALK OF SHAME is an aggressively formulaic comedy about a local news reporter named Meghan Miles. When her bid to anchor a national network is rejected, her friends take her out for a night on the town to get her mind off her problems. Unfortunately, after a very drunken one-night-stand, Meghan is informed that the network is willing to give her one more chance. Stranded by boozy circumstances without her purse, phone, or car, Meghan has eight hours to make her way through L.A.'s grimier districts and back to her place of business. This is less a walk of shame than it is a hasty dash with stolen bicycles and the occasional glimpse of meth.The movie isn't what I would call actively bad, but it is also pretty much a predictable comedic installment running through all of the same tired motions with the same stock characters. And, of course, the movie stretches credulity multiple times. Sometimes it's a background thing: Meghan's one night stand is with an impossibly good-looking bartender (Jason Marsden) whose open-plan, exposed-brick studio apartment would cost more than twenty L.A. bartenders could afford in a good month. Mostly, though, the incredulity is stretched at the expense of the movie's main comedic crutch, which is that the mostly demure Meghan has borrowed her slutty friend's sexy yellow dress and now everyone she encounters immediately assumes she's a hooker. Cue: shenanigans as no one helps her.While most comedies like this rely a lot on hilarious misunderstandings, it takes some clever writing to make that misunderstanding seem believable, and here it simply doesn't work. Or at least not consistently. Audiences are left to wonder why she doesn't just speak up for herself while cops and bus drivers are reading her the riot act. You could argue that she's trying to avoid being noticed as a local news anchor (the network that's considering her has made it clear that they want someone with a respectable, family-type image), but really, Meghan's circumstances could be easily explained without salacious details. So, under this overriding conceit, she runs from horny cab drivers, runs through traffic, gets involved in gang shootouts, and becomes something of a news item herself.I considered the film a three-star movie up until the final five or ten minutes, when our conclusion turned into moralizing. I don't know why comedies feel like they have to have some kind of lesson or message in them. Isn't it enough to make people laugh? Anyway, while the movie was mildly amusing in a forgettable way, it took a turn for the worse at the end when Meghan decided to  turn her walk of shame into one of pride, and the scriptwriter decided to shoehorn a weird, clunky sermon about being yourself and judging others. The moment feels forced and preachy and vaguely off-putting. Much in the same way that the people Meghan encounters are constantly chastising her for looking as skinny and tawdry as a meth-addicted hooker, while that -- I'm sure -- is what the producers were hoping would be a big drawing point for audiences. With apologies to Elizabeth Banks, who I think is both beautiful and talented and who does a stand-up job here in spite of the material.Mostly forgettable when it isn't annoyingly pounding the pulpit, this is yet another cookie-cutter comedy from the Hollywood treadmill.
I fell sleep watching it. Hope for fans it turns out better other shows.its not for young people over the age of 17.
It started great with the idea of people trapped under an invisible dome.  However because the show so far is not giving us any clue of what is happening outside the dome, the story begins to slow down.  It has a lack of a clear protagonist and antagonist characters. We have  crooked town counsel and a few crazy folks but none of this was caused by the dome.  Plus where are the pregnant women, infants and kids? The story has been done so many times that any fan of science fiction can easily predict the winners and losers. Now if there were some strange creatures coming out and in of the dome, then we would have a quicker moving story line due to the fear factor.  I am sure with King, that the novel is much better than this TV script!
Buck wild is (to me) a documentary on what NOT to be....Instead of "going mudd-n", and perpetually trying to breed yet one more "buck wild baby" these ignorant to the world "children" should learn something, and spend their time better...The stereo type that they present to the world about their community, is about the same one that participants on the Jerry Springer show bring to theirs....Obviously I'm missing the point (or simply "can't stand" the obvious point) of the whole show, which is nothing less than just the creation of a red-neck-hill billy version of Friends, or another MTV's coming of age slumber party. The first one or two episodes were entertaining, but the repetition on how to start your life off at a dead end is just boring.I'm sure that they (this show) has an audience, but it's not me and I'm suspect that their "audience" can't afford cable, Netflix, or amazon prime. They (the intended audience)are to busy out "canning" or "scrapen" (picking up scrap metal co they can afford more Busch beer) to even watch this show......
Again, let me offer up this defense before I go any further: I'm not opposed to the whole `found footage' phenomenon.  As I've said, I think there's a spark of brilliance behind every one of these films.  If there's any fault to this entire movement, it's that too many stories that would be better served and received by being built as a regular feature (meaning NOT as a found footage vehicle) are, instead, being done on the fast and the cheap by taking this somewhat easy-way-out.  Still, if the PARANORMAL ACTIVITY franchise teaches us anything, it's that "if you build it, people will come" ... so settle in for the long haul, society.  It looks like `found footage' is here to stay.(NOTE: The following review may contain minor spoilers necessary solely for the discussion of plot and characters.  If you're the kind of reader who prefers a review entirely spoiler-free, then I'd encourage you to skip down to the last two paragraphs for my final assessment.  If, however, you're accepting of a few modest hints at `things to come,' then read on ...)I didn't see the original GRAVE ENCOUNTERS, so I'm only going on what I've been able to ascertain from some quick reading; but it looks like that 2011 flick tapped a vein: budgeted on a slick $1 million, it at least had legs strong enough to start a franchise, and it's second installment, GRAVE ENCOUNTERS 2, even garnered the embellishment of the Tribeca Film series, so that's none too shabby.  While the first feature explored what happened when the production crew of a ghost-hunting program actually ran afoul of real ghosts, the second tweaked the formula just a bit.Film student and horror enthusiast Alex Wright (played by Richard Harmon) believed that GRAVE ENCOUNTERS was a legitimate conspiracy released to audiences.  He contends that what happened in the "film" was actually a true story, but it was only "marketed" as a fictional film in order to get it before the masses.  Out to prove his point, he enlists the aid of his fellow classmates to scout out the real location of the original `encounters' so that they may probe the condemned psychiatric hospital for true spirits.  What he finds brings him face-to-face with some grim truths that might spell doom for those who joined him for such a personal haunting.This horror schlock is brought to you by the same team who did the first outing: the Vicious Brothers.  At a glance over on IMDB.com, it would appear this franchise is presently the only thing they have to their name, but, in their defense, there's enough charm, gore, and inspiration that I wouldn't be all that surprised to see more from them.  Granted, not every stone turned over here is all that original, but there's a pleasant enough mix of solid performances, predictable developments, and harmless scares that they're probably destined to do another one, at least, or launch some other screamer on unsuspecting audiences.What I didn't like was the blatant stupidity of so many of these characters.  Yes, I realize that a `working stupidity' kind of goes hand-in-hand with horror films.  But you would think that a group of young film nerds - ones who have made a college career out of mildly sending up the same genre with their own little pet projects - would know best what trips and traps to NOT fall into here.  Once they're deposited in the psychiatric hospital, all of what they knew before seems to vanish quicker than the first virgin (another horror film staple), and that's sad.  If they were so smart, why didn't they plan this all out better?  If they were so creative, why didn't they expect some of what awaited them?  If they truly believed everything in the first film was a legitimate spectral event, why wouldn't they have gone in better prepared than they did?I know, I know, I know.  It's a horror film, after all, and that's what suffices for a horror film in this day and age.  Put your brain on `pause' and you're liable to enjoy this one a bit more than I did.GRAVE ENCOUNTERS 2 is produced by Death Awaits Cinema, Twin Engine Films, and Pink Buffalo Films.  The film appeared as part of the Tribeca Film series.  DVD distribution is being handled by New Video.  As for the technical specifications, much of it looks and sounds solid, though there is some obvious distortion done deliberately due to the nature of the `found footage film' phenomenon; however, I didn't find any of it unusually distracting from the experience, though some muffled audio was tough to hear.  Sadly, there's only a single special feature; it's listed as "An Interview with the Vicious Brothers," but it's essentially a 3-minute blurb about the film - I'm guessing it was almost what they said when they pitched this idea - and it's disappointing.RECOMMENDED only for fans of horror and/or found footage films.  Outside of the basic storytelling premise - that the Vicious Brothers kinda/sorta intended for this to be `respected' as a legitimate found footage flick - there's nothing new here.  As I've tried to be clear above, it's kinda/sorta sad that the whole `found footage phenomenon' has come full circle to the point now where fully realized stories that may've been better served by not being filmed this way (as `found footage') are still being churned out by an industry that apparently never heard a bad idea.  I think GRAVE would've been better constructed as a traditional horror film - the very ones it thumbs its nose at - but maybe that's just me.  Odds are that, if `found footage' is your thing, you might enjoy this one more than I did.In the interests of fairness, I'm pleased to disclose that the fine folks at New Video provided me with an advance DVD screener of GRAVE ENCOUNTERS 2 for the expressed purpose of completing this review.
I watched this because I was in the mood for an alien movie. This is 95% about a man and a woman who gradually fall in love, amid a journey from Central America to the US border, made difficult because of travel restrictions due to an alien invasion.  I'm making it sound better than it is.  For one thing, a lot of Spanish is spoken, with very little translation. For another, this felt more like a three-hour movie, with the man and woman gazing at each other, alternating with looking out for the monsters, who conveniently only appear in the dark. There's about five minutes of monster activity, not counting the ending.  There's even a &#34;War of the Worlds&#34; (the one with Tom Cruise) ripoff scene with monster tentacles investigating a building while the woman tries to be quiet. Things happen with no explanation or purpose for the story.  What a waste of time and what a misleading title.
This was a very trpical Tyler Perry movie. I always go into his movies not expecting alot and this didn't dissapoint. I am giving it three stars because while it wasn't anything special at least it deals with the issue of fidelty from an African American perspective and that is rarely seen in the movies.
A weird crazy mix of sex and craziness Oh and the Devil too ! Not really scary but had an interesting vibe throughout.
After thoroughly enjoying Season 1, I was eagerly anticipating American Horror Story Season 2, especially after I heard the setting was an old insane asylum.  Asylum initially impressed me with its fast pace and introduction of creepy characters, but began to stall out during the middle of the season.  One of the hardest parts to get into about Asylum is that it makes some big time jumps throughout the season that make the story hard to follow.  On the upside, the acting is superb and &#34;The Name Game&#34; is one of the most memorable episodes I've seen in quite some time.  Since the seasons are self-contained mini-series, it's an easy choice to skip this season and jump straight to season 3 (quite good).
Same fun show but this season lost a little something.Not as fun as the last season but still fun to watch.
Sorry guys, didnt like this one. I hated Lez Miserables because it sang EVERY word.  I felt a little dread during the opening scene of Browsers.  Not sure why there is this mash-up of SMASH & THE OFFICE. For me, it doesnt work.  What does work for me is Bebe Neuwirth. She was great!
It wasn't all that long ago or at least it feels that way, that Hollywood suddenly remembered the sword and sandal films of the sixties and began making them all over again. There were some great films made too, in particular GLADIATOR and TROY. Then the genre died out again or found itself taken over by ridiculously low budgeted reproductions of those popular films. It went back to the shelf. Now director Paul W.S. Anderson tries to bring it to life again with POMPEII. Unfortunately the film falls somewhere between those two types of films, the good and the bad.The story revolves around Milo who as a child watches as his parents and entire tribe of Celt horsemen are slaughtered by the Romans led by General Corvus (Keifer Sutherland) and his right hand man Proculus. Pretending to be dead, young Milo climbs from under the bodies of those who were slaughtered only to later be captured and placed into slavery.Years go by and Milo (Kit Harington) grows to be a fighter in ancient Britannia. When he catches the eye of one of the promoters for gladiatorial fights in Pompeii, he is taken back to that ancient city. Along the way he encounters Cassia (Emily Browning) when one of the horses pulling her carriage falls. He catches her eye not just because of his looks but because he puts down the horse in the most humane way possible.Cassia gets to Pompeii before the slaves on their way. It turns out that her father Severus (Jared Harris) is the ruler of the city. Severus is trying to promote the city into a minor version of Rome and is aided in doing so by his wife Aurelia (Carrie-Anne Moss). While pleased to see their daughter home once more they have yet to find out why she came back from Rome. That is explained later when now Senator Corvus arrives to negotiate with Servus for assistance to rebuild the city. Of course, he uses his desire to marry Cassia to eventually seal the deal.Meanwhile Milo finds himself in the slave quarters of the gladiators and a target of another slave whose brother he killed. While he survives that the odds of his surviving the arena are slim, even more so when the plan is to have him face off against his cell mate Atticus (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje), a slave who is about to win his freedom if he defeats his 19th opponent. The pair square off during practice when an attempt is made once more on Milo only to be stopped by Atticus. While each knows they will one day face off against one another in the arena, a bond develops between the two.In the background of these stories is the mountain that rises above Pompeii that seems to be developing into eruption mode. Since we know the story of Pompeii there is little suspense formed by this except wondering just when it will finally blow.A change in plans in the arena has Milo and Atticus united to face off against the Romans. It's at this time that Corvus makes known his intentions for Cassia to her parents. It also happens to be when things begin to happen with the mountain filling the next 30-40 minutes with tons of special effects and carnage. Even with all of that happening a final face off between good guys and bad must take place.Shot using tons of green screen the movie does a good job of making you believe you're looking at an ancient city, but then again used as much as it is your belief starts to dwindle after a while. The explosive effects of the last portion of the movie are well made but at the same time stretch your ability to suspend belief as the main characters all just fall short of being engulfed in flames, fireballs, earthquakes or floods.The acting has no standouts here and is fair for the most part. Surprisingly the one performance that disappointed me the most was from Sutherland whose English accent in a movie set in ancient Rome falls flat. Browning's performance as Cassia lacks the depth and believability to carry off the story. Part of that is due to the love at first sight story telling that has her fall for Milo without any hesitation whatsoever.On the whole POMPEII isn't a terrible movie but it isn't a really good one either. It's one of those movies you probably won't be too disappointed in seeing if you like the genre, but not one that you'll want to revisit again after watching. As I watched the movie I kept thinking back to how great movies like SPARTACUS and GLADIATOR really were. When you think of another movie you want to see again while watching the one in front of you, it's not a sign of how good that movie is.
One of those &#34;guilty pleasure&#34; things.  Watching those upper-crust moms fighting about perceived slights to their poor little girls gives us a cheap way to feel morally superior.  We do feel genuinely sorry for the little girls who are being shown very poor examples of how to act.  To their credit, they are very supportive of each other, even as their mothers snipe back and forth.
I love reality tv and this is great reality tv because the people are so over the top. There were times where my husband looked at me and said this cannot be real, people are not really this way right?  And then later he said wow I think they are real.  You just can't make this stuff up!  It seriously feels like watching a demolition derby train wreck spectacular.Intermixed is some pretty dancing too. The things the girls can do with their bodies is pretty phenomenal too.
some of the episodes were great others  were so so.The wizard of oz take off was too much for me.
In all honesty, if I see one more cat jump out from behind a door, I'm going to shoot my television.  I just can't bring myself to understand why anyone, ANYONE, would think that that was a good idea.  As a film director, how can you justify building a suspenseful sequence around an animal of any sort, but especially a cat, making noise in a dark corner and then popping out just when you think you're about to see something really terrifying?  It's beyond my comprehension.That being said, a stupid scene like the one mentioned would not and should not be enough to entirely write off any horror film.  It happens so often in horror films that you'd basically have to write them all off.  What CAN cause you to write off a horror film would be the fact that it just isn't scary.  I'm struggling because I honestly can't decide whether or not this was supposed to be taken seriously.  Maybe this was supposed to be a comedy or a spoof, you know, like `Scary Movie', but I know that it's not and that makes me confused.  This has got to be one of the most unintentionally funny films I've ever seen.  Each scene looks like something out of a poorly crafted comedy.  It reminds me of when I saw `Darkness Falls' and I laughed throughout, which is not the reaction you want from a horror film.Clich&eacute;s abound in this messy film that centers on a haunted hotel that is going out of business.  The employees are obsessed with the rumors surrounding the ghost haunting the hotel and they do everything they can to stir stuff up.  God, none of this works.  The performances are so affected and mannered and just bad and the direction is completely uninspired.I've seen a lot of bad films this year, but this may be the worst.
I loved the actors/ actress, but the tv show was hard for me to get into. Mostly it seemed one minute they love each other the next they aren't and then back again. I was a bit disappointed that they don't have them fighting for the romance or even the friendship that should be blooming. :( I couldn't even keep up with the full first season because it just wasn't worth my time.I hope you enjoy it! I just wasn't able too.
I used to watch this as a kid. We could only get it when the atmospheric conditions were just right and the tv antenna was turned to just the right direction to get the one station that played this at 10pm. They would show this as a double feature with Dark Shadows. It is fascinating to see how much has changed in how we treat each other and how tv is made.
I think this would be a great show to watch if the obviously gay actor playing the main character wasn't written to be heterosexual.
I think Dick Wolf is spreading his talents too thin, both with CSI and this new season of SVU.  He is a genius at writing all these tales based on real issues, but the end of Season 12 ("Wet"} re: soda companies stealing/buying rights to limited water aquifers is too close to the idiocy going on now in NYC and elsewhere. Season 13, Episode 1 did not entice me at all to watch the next episode, although I probably will try again.
so so
We are still watching one show per night and it is funny, but season one was more entertaining.  When the show went out to LA for two of the shows, I was not particularly amused and I love the characters from All My Children, they made it just a little to stupid for my viewing pleasure.  Normally the story line is really funny, so far in the second season, not as amused, hope it picks itself back up again.  Guess we will just have to wait and see.
Saw this on the 'Tube,pretty boring and usual envrionwhacko conspiracy type plot and bad corporation,good citizen defending the "wetlands" and nature.Conservationists ironically can only conserve Nature and nothing else in Human Form,The rights of The plants and animals trump Humans.Shame that Roberts and Denzel both good actors were in it.
This is the end of an amazing team.  A show that started so strong, looses two of it's stellar team in the last season and in this one George leaves rather early.  So to fly the ship we have only Annie played by Lenora Crichlow.  She and the Mitchell replacement guy are the only ones who have a sense of the world it seems.  The new Werewolf guy plays heavy on the pauper to twin the vampire who is a prince.  Personally I wish that they just said something like Daisy had a magic ring that she used to control Mitchell and George and that's how she got Mitchell to kill the people on the buss and for George to bang her.  I never got why George did that.  He was never really a "tool".Anyway here we are in the middle of WW "V".  For some reason no humans want to become werewolves even though it would improve their odds greatly.  Only some people are aware of the the fact that Vampires have led the war.  Also Nina and George's child is the anti vampire Jesus but no one can find her even though she lives in the middle of England.  I like the new vampire but that's it.  Other new characters aside from the sweet but dumb werewolf include the ghost of an evil young Tim Gunn from "Project Runway",  A child rapist Mary Poppins accompanied by the vampire boy from before but they chose to make him dumb now.  There is a retro ghost girl who looks just like Kenley aldo from "Project Runway"  but unlike Kenley she hates all things retro except her and Annie points this out after this ghost insulted her tea.  Also there is a goth girl who is also dumb (This season love people acting stupid for some reason) who is made into a vampire by a sleazy ugly vampire and the go off to bang somewhere.  I made it up to episode 6 and just could no take it any more.
To be fair to the supporters and the critics  i tried to like this show.I watched it for the first time at the insistence of a friend who said you will love it, but sadly no i didn't.An unbelievable story line is the first thing that grabbed me, jump to a failing space station who sends a group of kids that have never even seen a tree a stream or felt sunshine to a planet ravaged by radiation after only 90 something years to fend for themselves with no food and no weapons.they then crash onto the planet and things go from bad to worse, pick out the one African American dude and lets persecute him and then kill him over and over again, but trust me its gets far worse.With no weapons they then begin to hunt Animals who have been mutated from exposure to radiation and they do this with clubs and spears ,what have you. after they themselves are already weakened by no food and very little water.  some of the worst acting i have ever seen combined  with so many holes in the plot its like a cheese grater and this fails big time.  i can't believe someone wrote this  and it was published  .. can anybody say Terra Nova
Just Hollywood 's way of caricaturing the way that think other people think. It becomes clear they think all Republicans are hypocrites and Idiots. But not the people they pick to be in the White House.
Probably going to happen in the future right? Hey we don't like some country gassing people, cover the regime with a dome. Watch them eat each other like rats in a box.
I wanted this show to be a favorite soooo much!  After the second episode i felt incredibly let down!  I did stomach the entire first season, but just because i was clinging for hope!  I did not read the book till after watching it, and neither one lived up to my expectations!  The show lacked a single intelligent person the ENTIRE time!  If they wanted to undermine the intelligence of the viewers, mission accomplished!  I was completely offended by how they portrayed the people of the Midwest, i do not recommend this show.
I felt like I've been there before. Not a new idea as far as script goes but enjoyable.  would I watch more episodes?  Yes
It was just too childish to keep my attention.  It a series I will pass up. I can't see it being successful
I really liked the first season of TW.  I do not like the sexual freedoms used and if it continues I will not watch this show any longer.
Gentle humor, kids without &#34;attitude&#34;, and a clean mouths.  The teenage daughter is the one you wish you had....and pretty unrealistic.  There's always a little &#34;feel good&#34; lesson.  So this is a good show for families who are sick of the crude and raunchy fare that is junk food for the  kids brains.  There is definitely a need for this choice in tv viewing.However, as an adult, without kids, I find the scripts a little tedious.  I watched a couple of times because I am a big Jenna Elfman fan. Her talents are wasted here.  I would so love to see her in the right material where  all her sassy, witty swagger is showcased.  I hate to confess it but I am also somewhat put off by watching the blind dad stare blankly at the camera. And finally, J.K. Simmons looks completely too old to be foxy Jenny Elfman's ex-husband....looks more like her dad.
Acting is excellent - script lacks refinement - too tacky. Very low on the of list I want to watch.
After a company christmas party on a cold winter night (guess a Christmas party in summer would be kinda tacky wouldn't it) we have three friends who decide to stop at an ATM. The simpliest of things often turn into a nightmare (or at least they do in this film) and as all of them go to leave some guy in a big winter coat with a massive hood is standing outside looking at them. Unable to figure out what he wants initially it becomes obvious this guy wants something from them and that seems to be to watch them suffer as he does things to get inside and kill them.Its a simple premise and a bit like Colin Farrell's "Phone Booth" in that for most of the film its centralized to just the ATM location with the three panicking friends and the killer on the outside. The cast is also pretty typical as the three friends are played by (Alice Eve "She's Out of My League", Brian Geragthy "Jarhead" and Josh Peck TV's "Drake & Josh") as is the killer who really does nothing more than stand outside looking menacing and well of course kills.There are plenty of problems with this movie, namely one being the viewer constantly thinking "Just run to the car, you can take him" especially in the early going when the guy goes around the back of the building. It becomes clear what the motives are behind this game the guy is playing with the three people none of which is terribly shocking I guess. Its hard to do a movie from one location and while I give director David Brooks (in his feature debut) props for trying something different there really isn't enough tension to keep the movie going for a full length running time. *1/2 out of 4 stars.
This movie was boring.  There are some movies that brilliantly let the viewer experience violence, without the violence actually being seen, leaving the viewer to reconstruct the scene in his/her mind, and/or consider ambiguous plot details (who is the actual killer?).  Pulp Fiction comes to mind, at least insofar as most violence was just barely removed from the actual screen.  This film tries to recreate that approach, but it falls flat.  There has to be a strong plot connection for the actual violence/implied violence to have an impact, and that connection is lacking here.  In most scenes, we come to realize that someone has been killed, but rather than having a strong emotional impact, its a simply "so what" event.  The viewer is never brougth into the antagonist's or protagonist's emotional sphere, so you never really care. You never feel like the protagonist (Luke Wilson) is actually threatened, so everything else has no impact.  Further, Luke Wilson, while decent for low brow, college-level humor, is way out of his league playing this kind of role.  The movie is just flat and dull, not recommended.
While I like seeing the real Roman life and it's politics and social nuances, it gets a bit boring after a while. There is little or no action and drama seems to have escaped it unharmed. It's sort of a glossy documentary? No narration, just great costumes and sets with very talented actors saying their lines and hitting their marks.
The movie overall was disappointing. Just the way that it was portrayed then how it played out was not at all good. It was ok.
Recently, the plot is not changing.  The story lines are becoming rather stagnant.  Many sitcoms unfortunately fall into this pattern.
Let me start off by saying I was so addicted to season one that I watched each episode over an over until the next new one came out then I repeated the cycle. This season not so much. What made this show so great was the fact that Olivia and her team where gladiators! They always got their man. I liked not knowing exactly how they accomplished the mission when it was really sticky because in my imagination I could always come up with my own ideas. Now, they are being down right mean and deceitful to each other and it really doesn't seem like a team of gladiators any more, just a team of crooks, liars, and thugs! If this was really how the white house was won in the past, present, or future, I would be really scared and appalled! All I know is if they don't get it together, I'm going to have to stop watching this show! One good thing is I will always have season one to enjoy over an over again! Oh yeah, I don't care who shot Fritz because with the political divide in this country, I think the writers where irresponsible to include an episode of how to assassinate a president! They know real life people like to imitate TV fiction and they should be ashamed of themselves! I am not happy! Not happy at all with this season of scandal!
Not as good as I had hoped.  Seems to have lost its appeal to me.  The only thing that I like in it is that Kat and her boss are a good fit.
Luke Wilson stars as John Felton, a real estate agent who can't catch a break. The housing addition he works and lives in has fallen on bad times with the housing crunch. Unable to get a loan, fired from his job, he comes home to be surprised by his wife and children only to lash out at them. They leave to visit the park and a knock at the door finds John facing Richie (Samuel Jackson).It seems Richie's car won't start and he needs a push. John obliges and then Richie asks him to go with him so he can repay him with a drink. The bar they end up in is familiar to John and he begins to feel a bit uncomfortable when finds the boss who just fired him at the bar. John takes the high road and backs away gracefully but Richie just doesn't see the world that way. He suggests John take on a bit of revenge. John declines.Also in the bar is a young woman named Tammy that John worked with at the real estate agency. Not only did he work with her, it comes out that he was having an affair with her, the main reason that his boss fired him. When Tammy's too drunk to drive, he and Richie give her a lift. This is where things begin to change.For whatever reason Richie is evil personified in one man. Anyone who does something to John, for instance the cell phone store clerk who won't allow him to make a phone call, suddenly ends up beaten to death, of course, after a visit from Richie. The three roll down the highway until John thinks he sees Richie for what he really is when he slaughters everyone in a quick stop gas station.In a situation where he has to worry about the Tammy as well as himself, John can't simply drift off alone. When Richie shoots a truck driver who nearly runs them off the road it seems that their fate is sealed. A stop at a nearby house soon after gives John a chance to help Tammy escape but leaves him there with Richie as the police turn up. Richie kills the policeman as well and off they go down the road once more.The police are trying to track down the killer responsible for not only the gas station killings but the cell phone store clerk as well. When they question John's wife its clear that they think John is responsible. He was the last one seen in each spot and no clues concerning Richie are there.John eventually convinces Richie to let him go and he does without threatening him. He does remind John as he drives away that John had invited him to his home for dinner at some point and that he thinks now is the time as he pulls away.John is caught by the police, still the main suspect behind the killings. He knows that Richie is behind it all but how can he convince them? Not only that, can he do so in time to be released and make sure that his family is safe as well?The film has a nice twist during the final portion of the film, one that most won't see coming. Just who Richie is, why he's doing everything he's done and if he truly is nothing more than evil personified is revealed. In any event what we are presented with from start to finish is one of the most terrifying characters ever seen on screen. Jackson does a stand out job speaking calmly yet oozing menace with each word. His actions speak much more than his words but the words give you those chills.I was afraid at first that this film would be boring and take far too long to get going. I was pleasantly surprised with what I found. In a world where people are facing hard times, where everyone feels like someone some where has screwed them over, it's easy to relate to the character of John Felton. At the same time it's easy to see why he changes a bit before the end of the film.
A very dumb, intellectually, show for teenagers and if I were a young male I would be insulted identifying with this guy - he is stupid.
It doesn't get any better throughout the entire movie. The characters are so flat, one-dimensional, and I didn't care what happened to any of them.
The first 7 seasons were always entertaining, the stories were always engaging, but with this Season 8, I felt a bit disappointed, Louise Lombard(female blond detective) & the other male detective(can't remember his name) are gone leaving only Brass as the lead detective who of course never fails to make me laugh with his one-liners, Sara Sidle(Jorja Fox) departs which was disappointing, Fox is what got me watching in the first place, never got tired of watching her, & Grissom who has always been somewhat one-dimensional becomes even more so, don't get me wrong I really like William Peterson as an actor, but his Grissom never seems to ever have the flair that David Caruso & Gary Sinise's characters have in the spin-offs "Miami" & "New York", not that this season is bad, it just to me wasn't engaging, I mean when people are bleeding what appears to be green blood, you know the show has run its course, or the one where Katy Segal is a muredered Hollywood star who had her assistant look like her & both were involved with a not-so-bright producer, & the episode itself plays like a sitcom, maybe the writer's strike had somthing to do with this, I don't know, & why do we always have to see a dead person's brain??? the spin-offs "Miami & NY" don't ever show this, why does this one??? somtimes I think the producers have a twisted sense of humor, the previous seasons did this too, enough with the brains already!!!!, also Warrick dies in the last episode, you know when cast members start leaving it can only mean that they feel the same way as I do, Warrick & Sara are two of my favorites on this show, & I am not even sure Season 9 is worth watching, especially considering that Grissom even leaves in Season 9, again this one has run its course, unlike its spin-offs which have not(yet), but unfortunately CBS is going to milk this show to death even though "Miami & NY" which have not run out of engaging stories(yet) could just as easily carry the network, but again, networks have lost their creative edge & can't really come up with anything new anyway, so they are going to milk the original C.S.I. to no end, there are some good episodes, the "Without a Trace" two-part episode is good as is the first 4 episodes of the season "Dead Doll", "a-la-cart", ETC, but the last few are just ridiculous.
This is the season that did it. I am officially not interested in any more seasons of the Bachelor. This was the most aggravating, uninteresting and insincere series of shows I have ever watched. Also, could not care less about watching Andi's season as the Bachelorette. TERRIBLE.
I would like to have seen more of the monsters in Monsters, the movie. I would have liked the movie more if they had not tried to paint the USA as a fortified place that rejects human refugees. That was not honest at all. There is a reason people want to come to this country. A fairly good movie to while away time, but nothing that I would recommend for a serious watcher of science fiction or alien movies.
Much like the original Onion news network online, the news segments on the show were great.  These are what they do best.  The in between scenes were too many and too long.  Although the spoof drama is needed to hold the news stories together, I hope for the rest of the season, it will be less of a focus so the comical news stories can shine like they deserve.
For all that Sherlock Holmes-type characters are lauded for their deductive abilities, what they're usually doing is induction, not deduction. Induction is the type of reasoning that goes from the specific to the general, e.g., he has blood on his sleeve therefore he is the murderer. This sort of reasoning is very unreliable and even the smartest people are wrong more than they're right. This means that Holmes and his ilk are fundamentally impossible characters, although Doyle's original is shown as less miraculous than most of the current iterations. The conclusions drawn by the character in this show are absurd.
Fairly Legal is a fairly predictable, semi comic legal drama. The lead character, however is not a lawyer but a negotiator who uses her skills and sexiness to arbitrate all kinds of disputes both legal and personal. Not a bad premise, but the plots are tired and somewhat sexist as the negotiator will use her cutesiness and cleavage rather than her brain to win her case.
This second season has a lot of holes in it but still enjoyable to watch. By holes I mean missing characters whose absence could be covered by a few lines of dialogue. I look forward to season 3 if there is one and I hope there is.
We are drawn to end of the world/chaos type shows like a moth to a flame so we checked this out.  Can't even make it through the pilot, it's just too ridiculous.  Love the idea of it, but the execution of it is awful.  Things that happen are so unbelievable and the dialogue so hokey that it feels like a comedy or spoof.Things they could have done to make it better...not B movie it by going the whole hot chick with a gun and foreign accent routine and zooming in on her legs and chest any chance they could get. Made it about the plot, not looks or skin shots. Gave realistic dialogue and not clich&eacute; characters-every character in that parking garage is unrealistic and unbelievable.  And then (spoiler) the main female gets out and so does the bugged out eyed angry black guy and they are gone for an hour...but come back at the exact same time even though they aren't together?  And the dialogue was so cheesy there, this is the moment I had enough and turned it off.
This season is filled with too much speculation and leaves one feeling less than satisfied by asking more questions than it cares to answer.
Enjoyed shows but little over the top (Maria riding bus with teacher who kills himself when he gets off of and the same bus runs over girl also involved in story).
I don't think this film is worth the cost.  It moved too slowly and never captured my attention or interest.  Something was lacking in this film.  I don't think it is worth the cost.  See more at vyctoryab dot wix dot com slash xplr.
My wife and I watched the first episode and decided unanimously that there was no need to watch the series.  It was slow, too contrived, predictable and much like the ordinary fare one gets on network tv.  For great writing I would suggest American Horror Story.
I don't like it all it was very great that was for adults and was not beautiful and that is not pretty
I love a good mystery/thriller/action movie or TV show but American Horror Story is a bit too gory and visually graphic for me. I watched most of Season One but could not finish that season. Thought I'd try again, but had to turn off the video less than half way through. Perhaps if they left more to the imagination and less blood and guts??? but then it may not appeal to you. We all have our preferences, this one is not mine.
So many different and complex personalities of family members  needed to be covered in more dept. Actors portraying Joe, Bobby, & Ethel did a good job, the others not so much....
This is perhaps the worst Batman cartoon of all time.  Whoever put this on TV should be beaten with a sock full of pennies.
Certain things just seem to change without explanation especially the MOAB which cooked the area outside the Dome and then in the next episodes all is green outside again. It is all about the interpersonal relationships inside and could just has easily been done inside an enclave or on an island. Predictable results and characters.
I think Falling Skies is falling. The plot took a turn and now Earth has enemies within and three outside trying to get in. Special effects are still good. But the dirt bike scenes appeared he was riding at about 5 miles per hour. OK, now those scenes were cheesy. The little girl growing up and becoming a savior, maybe, or the opposite. The writers usually fall short in a lot of series about the fourth season. Let's see if they can pull their act together. The actors are all still doing a great job.
Excellent acting. Excellent action. Excellent script (i.e. believable and not Jack Bauer, superhero). However, after each episode, I'm left with a hollow feeling. Yes, it's reality (for the most part!). Just hard to digest.
Great show, but is it me, or is the 4th season really slow?  Boring, they are losing me on this season...
If you like to watch a group of awful people lying and doing awful things to each other, then this is one for you. It's hard to find anybody to like in this show. Add that to a bizarre editing style that keep jumping around in time previewing what is to happen in the future -- then jumping to the past? Where's the present?Lots of character and plot manipulation to keep the story going to the point of ridiculousness.The acting is very good and the casting very good, just a hateful story.It being a serial, I got sucked in and slugged it out finishing 2 seasons, but the ending of the 2nd season didn't even make sense, other than, incredulously, setting up for more seasons. I was so glad to not look at Glen Close' face anymore, that it was a relief that it was over. Out of complete boredom, I may take a peak at the 3rd season, if nothing else, to see how the heck they will try to patch the absurd ending to season 2.
bought a ep of the show because of it having a crossover with another one. It seems to be an okay show to watch.
my daughter got this show without asking..i dont even care to see it..It looks like hype to me. I didnt see any  bevies of smokin hotties (like on the cover) at the Navy Exchange, but rather what they refer to as small herds of dependapotamus's roaming the aisles blocking traffic with their extremely wide pondunkadunks...just sayin... ;-)
I wasn't sure I would like this at the start, as it seems very slow and rather chauvenistic.  However, by the end of the first episode, I decided it was worth another viewing to see how the characters develop.  Not something I have to rush to view, but will be back.
It is kind of simplistic. The plot idea is good though. I would watch more of this if developed. Put some polish on it and it could be as good as anything on Nick.
Fans of Phyllis Logan, who plays Mrs. Hughes on Downton Abbey, will enjoy seeing her in this show. She plays the often tough, but ultimately heroic Squadron Leader Helen Knox. The story has a few puzzling twists, and there's way too much military trigger-happiness. The sets have that "BBC Drama" familiarity, yet they somehow seem out-of-place for this story. Nonetheless, if you like Phyllis Logan and/or Downton Abbey, then this show is definitely worth watching!
I really wanted to like this, because of the x file connection, but it wasn't that good. It was choppy and not easy to follow
Although I like the concept and the premise of this program, I find the execution to be a turn-off. It's much too busy for my taste. They don't let a thought develop without interrupting it with another speaker and another thought. It becomes a challenge to the viewer, a challenge which is not rewarded.
This was kind of sad as some old maids were stuck on old customs and unreasonable principles.  Thankfully it ended on a positive note.
This show is starting to loose its apeal to viewers. I have trouble getting through it, guess its hard to keep this series alive with new material.
I was taken in by this little sleeper of a film. Very well acted,scary and mysterious with a "fresh" take on the haunted house theme.It does have inconsistencies here and there....and an over-the-topand doesn't-make-sense ending, but nevertheless, this film is worthwatching. As others have said, Netflix has it for free.
Nothing else to say that aside of the plot is very unclear... and probably as amateur of SCIFI it's simply not my treat .
God please tell these film school pimps to quit making these awful clones.  It seems there is no end in sight of the film school rejects efforts at selling a product whose time has come and gone years and years ago!  Don't make any more!
Based on Bill O'Reilly's bestselling book, KILLING KENNEDY offers a straightforward retelling of the events leading up to and immediately following the assassination.  Its primary interest lies in considering the impersonations: Rob Lowe makes a creditable JFK, whose commitment to good governance is matched only by his sexual appetite.  Ginnifer Goodwin plays Jackie Kennedy as a faithful wife consciously turning a blind eye to her husband's infidelities in the interests of the state.  She understands how important her task is to support her husband through difficult times.  Jack Noseworthy seems a little youthful for Bobby Kennedy, although he captures the sense of family loyalty that sustained both himself and JFK in their three years in power.  Will Rothhaar's Lee Harvey Oswald comes across as a deeply frustrated personality, yearning for a place in the limelight; the film suggests that his decision to kill JFK is motivated by his desire for fame, as well as political convictions.  Perhaps the film's moral schema is a little too simplistic (the Kennedys' life is portrayed in a roseate glow, through lighting and music, as compared with the squalor of the Oswalds' life), but it proves enthralling entertainment.
Not my cup of tea.  It's trying to poke fun at the Republican Party, but it doesn't go far enough to be satirical.  They're playing it way too safe trying to be politically moderate, appeal to right and left.  Pick a side and go for it.
The young man (played by Joaquin Phoenix) is a lonely, self-esteemed gentleman who is constantly pushed by his parents to get out of the runt he is in. Though he is good looking, soft spoken and intelligent, he just falls too easily for a wild spirited young woman who is his neighbor (played by Gwyneth Paltrow). Till the end of the movie you are surprised that he changes his luck of straw! Good Sunday fun day movie to watch.
Not the worst thing I have seen but really a 2.5.  If you are totally bored and have nothing better to do... you will live.  Keep the remote handy so you can skip along.
I understand what they were going for, and I enjoy 70's/80's grindhouse stuff, but this isn't it.. Okay, it's a world gone wild, in all places, Halifax, Nova Scotia?? (renamed scum town). My mother would be turning over in her grave. The scenes make absolutely no sense and the extras all seem to know they're extras, because they can't act, especially the ones where the moms are with their kids; it looked like were out shopping on a Saturday and were instantly begged to be in the movie.. The two sadistic brothers were as intimidating as Corey Haim and Corey Feldman... This movie isn't fun, campy or witty, it's sadistic, low budget and completely pointless. I've seen a lot of bad movies, and most of them were Troma films, but I doubt even they would produce something this horrible.
Do we really have to have another show where people behave like juvenile idiots? I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
Which are likely to get in the way for people who know anything about Berkeley politics, real estate, or the cost of living.The counterweight comes from there being SOME interesting characters.
Just wondering as usually it's $1.89 an episode if one subscribes to the TV Pass. Is this another perk being taken away?
"The Do-Deca-Pentathlon"  is about two grown men who take sibling rivalry to hilarious heights.  Mark (Steve Zissis) is a thirty-something married guy with a preteen son, who never got over an event from his teen years when he and his brother Jeremy competed in a homegrown, 25-event Olympics-style competition to see who was the best brother.  As adults, the overachieving, self-satisfied Jeremy (Mark Kelly) appears at Mark's birthday, turning what was to be a pleasant, low-key reunion into a confrontation that brings to the fore all of Mark's numerous, poorly hidden insecurities.  When Jeremy suggests a re-do of their teen feats, Mark takes the bait, as Jeremy knew he would.The goofy "events" of the pseudo Olympics include miniature golf, ping-pong, laser tag, and leg wrestling, which offer plenty of opportunity for visual gags.  Essentially, the movie is a one-joke comedy, with two adults acting like kids to "one-up" each other.  However, the movie does examine the frequently awkward connection between siiblings, a subject we don't see covered a lot in movies.The filmmakers, Mark and Jay Duplass, have stated that the film is based on brothers who lived near them when they were kids, but it's hard not to think that the feelings conveyed in this movie -- if not the actual events -- are autobiographical.  Blu-ray extras include the featurettes "Meet the Real Brothers" and "Rock, Paper, Scissors With the Real Brothers."
While our country is fighting a war against terrorist, I didn't find mocking the military to be amusing. It is possible to take war serious yet let the characters have some fun - remember MASH? Enlisted is just a bunch a guy who don't belong in the military and wouldn't be funny in any occupation. I expect this new show to soon be canceled.
It sucked as a movie. The sound was scratching in spots well a lot of spots but I don't think that is Amazons fault. Withing minute from the start you knew the entire movie before it happened.
The show is entirely too graphic when it comes to the sex scenes and half of the show involves sex scenes.  Also, the show would much more fun if the star characters had a good relationship instead of what they have.
After the last episode where the studio couldn't even do proper research on military uniforms and dressed their soldiers in Marine uniforms, the show lost points with me (I know most people don't know the difference nor do they care, but I do).  This week's story line left me so disinterested I turned it off after 15 minutes and deleted the program from my watchlist.  The characters also have not developed much depth. There's no chemistry for me.
Why? Because I used the words, they used in this movie.Sleaze, filth and foul- aren't my thing.Shame on the good reviews....I need 75-500 words for this review.  But since I couldn't choke the whole movie down because of offensive language and acts, I don't really see the need to even try.  I  doubt this 'review' will make it either.But if mother ------, is cool to you...you will like it.Very, very dissappointed in Amazon on this one...
Hmm, I want to like this show but it's not clear where it's going. The diversity and interaction of the group of protagonists - French, Brit, old lady, woman cop, criminal, etc - is fresh. They can be written a bit stereotypically, however, especially the ex-con who was wrongly convicted, not to mention the lovely supporting actress who somehow decides to strip down in the middle of all the stress.And, I feel that other pilots helpfully telegraph more about where the show is going, so we can decide whether to continue watching. Here, all we know basically is that there's some apocalyptic event - aliens? a virus? meteors? all of the above?? Finally, the big coincidence that ties that all together has been done before.These types of shows can be fun if they remain fresh. To keep this one going, the writers should add nuance and direction.
What drew me to Grey's initially was the portrayal of smart women in a difficult profession. After years of seeing the portrayal of professional women trying to act like men, it was refreshing to see women be women and still have working brains. Women do have different ways of looking at problems, situations than men do, which isn't a bad thing; I feel at times the show portrayed that well. As a more conservative viewer, I don't care for the flippancy where sex is concerned. I believe the hopping around from one partner to another has its consequences, which is not dealt with on the show and sends the wrong message. And, yes, I know it's a TV show, not real life. However, there are younger viewers that will still want to emulate this behavior. Over the seasons there has been way too many near death experiences for Meredith, and a tendency to overdo certain story lines, i.e. on again, off again relationships - Owen/Christine, Jackson/April, etc. Not sure where the show will go next season and not sure I will continue to watch.
I'm a fan of a post apocalyptic story if it is done well and I think it is very hard to do them well.  I'm a huge fan of the Walking Dead mostly because it has smart writing, smart characters and was edgy and inventive when I started watching it.  I don't think THE AFTER is going to keep me interested. I'd be willing to re-evaluate after the next show, but given that Amazon's other pilots were ALL so much better than this one I wouldn't want to see this one get made at the expense of one of the other ones.  We have a bunch of stereotypical strangers thrown together by some vague apocalyptic event and for some reason they stick together even though every fiber of my being would tell me that I don't want to be around the stereotypical escaped convict thug (tossing the N word around every other sentence is very offensive to me whether someone is black or white.  We have a female cop, a rich/sick 60 ish whiny woman, a French mom separated from her family, a stereotypically drunken Irish dude, a gay man whom we meet dressed as a clown, a cocky attorney, a religious call girl,  and I'm sure that any other miscellaneous strangers will reveal their stereotypes in the next couple of episodes.  The acting wasn't that great--pretty much overacted by many of them and despite the fact that I LOVED the X-Files this one is going to have to come a long way to come up in my estimation.  I really had hoped to like this but it is what it is.....
It's always the same: writers at this level never do seem to overcome the contradictions of their own creations.Marseillaise, being a vampire and having the power to change people's minds  wants to go out with a gal he knows, a human. So, why not just gaze into her eyes and convince her she's in love with him? Or, that she's horny and wants to have sex with him? Having the power to convince people by a vampiric mind meld precludes any wants of that sort. Ok, so maybe he wants her 'true love.' But why wait for the first date? Just, you know, make it happen. It's these types of things that make me yawn.However, after two episodes, and I've never read any Ann Rice--although I did see an Ann Rice novel turned into a Broadway show I watched in person in NYC, and it was quite engaging and thought provoking--but the writing is on the level of a cheap soap opera, because that's what it is. It's marginally as good as Sanctuary, and no where close to Star Gate/Atlantis or Star Trek Next Generation/Deep Space Nine, or Enterprise. Yes, those can be cheesy, but the writing is coherent.I know there are a lot of people here who have followed this series from the Dairies. I have no truck with you. You most likely watch the these types of series for other reasons than I do. I watch them for consistency in plot, character, morality/ethical philosophical issues that make me think, and tactical strategies that make logical sense. So, when I see contradictions, I lose a little interest until after too many, I simply stop watching. This is what happened after  "The River in Reverse."I just finished "The River in Reverse." Same thing again, and after this last episode, I've figured out where the writers are coming from. It's a Vampire Soap Opera. Or, put another way, a soap opera with vampires. Or, put another way, no way to make sense of what people do.The main point of watching soap operas is to get your emotions yanked by people doing stupid things to each other. Case point: Nickolaus can't be killed. He can't even be subdued. Really? How about this: Instead of wrapping some chains around his arms and then having a couple of weak flunkies hold them, why not fire a few iron harpoons through him like whalers use to do to whales where the loose ends of the chains are screwed into 10' x 10' concrete blocks, then dump him in 20 feet of solid concrete? I have another idea. Why not cut his head off? Oh wait, here's another more modern solution, a 30mm cannon round in his head (If he lives, well, ok, but that 30mm round is going to vaporize half his body. Maybe they could call the next episode "The Torso w/o a HEAD!"). Really? This is stupid. And then at the end of the episode, we're suppose to feel sorry for a psychopathic murderer? Please! This is 8th grade mentality, people, with a dose of unbelievable tossed in to make sure your completely brain dead. It's really sad too becsaue the acting is great and the idea superb.Overall impression:Acting: Pretty damn decent. Actors are believable. It would be nice is casting would work on getting some normal looking people as I doubt all people are as beautiful as they are in these types of series--which is really non-reality. Conversely, in Game of Thrones, you get all sorts of people, not all pretty, which makes the entire series feel more real and emerges you into the plots.Writing: As stated. A sell out to a lower mentality who needs cheap thrills by having their emotions yanked again and again, no matter how idiotic the ideas get to yank them.FX: Good. Nothing cheesy about the FX.Plot: Well, it's all about power, hubris, and emotions. It would be nice if the writers had enough skill to pull that off. Instead, they go for cheap emotional thrills, much like a bad horror flick goes for the cheap adrenaline rush.Conclusion: If you're looking for cheap emotional thrills at the expense of coherent story line, and you like soap operas, go for it. You'll get your fix almost every 3 minutes. However, if you have more than an 8th grade mentality and you need your brain challenged on a critical level, in that you need some semblance of coherency in plot, you'll really be dissapointed. This is purely a soap opera where the writer's goal is to simply yank your emotional chain with unbelievably incoherent events unrelated to any real thought process. Think cheap horror flick and you have it, except the goal here is to give the viewer a cheap emotional fix rather than a quick shot of adrenaline.
I don't like it but the kids do and they learn to find things or put things together or count. it's just annoying to me. the voices, the characters especially door mouse who is always negative.
With that as my title I have to assume that what is depicted in this film must be what an acid trip is like. Oddly enough some have said that yes, this is indeed what it is like. The book on which it is based (which I read and loved) is trippy in itself but bringing that book to screen was not an easy task. Who better to do so then than Don Coscarelli, the man behind the PHANTASM series and BUBBA HO-TEPP.The story begins simply with reporter Arnie Blondestone (played by Paul Giamatti) meeting Dave (Chase Williams) in a Chinese restaurant. Dave has set up this meeting to let Arnie in on a secret: there is a world out there that most of us can't see but that holds some truly bizarre secrets and that might be bound and determined to invade our own world. Arnie asks for details and the story behind Dave's claim and Dave fills him in from the beginning.John (Rob Mayes) is Dave's best friend. They live together and do little except bum around, work terrible jobs and go to raves with their friends where John usually performs. At the particular rave they go to on this night, Dave meets an unusual Jamaican who makes Dave feel a bit uneasy. Eventually Dave ends up taking a drug known as Soy Sauce. How weird of an experience does he have? He wakes to get a phone call from John who wonders if he's talking now or in the future and then warns him of the danger he's about to be in.This is when things begin to get weird. And it's not a bad weird but a good one actually. Both John and Dave, having taken the Soy Sauce, can see a different world than the rest of us can. The drug enables them to see into another dimension and reveals the real people that they talk to and meet. Along the way on their adventure they're joined by Amy, a girl Dave's had a semi-crush on for some time.Bug monsters, possessed policemen, policemen who aren't really there, thugs with big knives and more are just the more normal things that the duo witness. They also discover a plot to take over the world by creatures from the other dimension that only they can stop. Through it all they seem to jump back and forth in time and dimensions. They seem to be the only ones who can save our world, not a comforting thought when we first meet them. But they do show the courage and pluck to take on the task and probably have just enough chutzpah to get the job done.As I said from the start, this film feels like what I'm told a drug trip feels like. If so please, never slip me anything. But at the same time it offers an entertaining film that's unlike most others offered these days. It's fresh and new and holds your interest from start to finish. Coscarelli proves that he truly can make a low budget film that has high budget quality once again. It would be nice if Hollywood would finally realize this and give him the chance to make his movies with a bigger budget while at the same time staying out of his way so as not to ruin it. Am I the only one ready for PHANTASM 5?I'll admit that this movie might not be for everyone. It is, as stated, a bit unusual. But it's fun and it entertains. Will I watch it again? If so, not right away. It's a film that you need to walk away from for a while and then watch once more. Would I like to see them film the sequel (a follow up book has already been published). Certainly! If you're willing to take a risk then you might enjoy this one. Just know what to expect going in.
The Alliance with the Volm is only explored with 1 character until the season finale. It seems like lazy writing and leaves a lot to be desired. I know the budget limits the CGI, but still. Overall it seems as if the whole season can be reduced to about 5 episodes and the rest would only serve as filler for character development, this happens every season which really annoys me. I feel that with shorter seasons, more should happen in every episode, and often it doesn't.
If you must watch this I would say watch teh first half and turn it off, as soon as you hit the horrorifying slaughter house footage, its downhill.This could have been a really powerful wonderful documentary but instead decided to be over the top Peta ad.All the hidden footage of animals in slaughter houses are not given enough context.Go watch Forks over Knives you will learn more.
The premise and plot-line are fantastic and compelling. I want to watch another episode and find out happens next, but the characters are not likeable or realistic. Each one is some shallow combination of stereotypes and their actions are often plot-driven rather than character-drive. If the writers want our characters to do something or go somewhere, then it's going to happen no matter how weak the reason.So, where's the potential? The plot itself is interesting and there are a lot of interesting questions about why everything is going to hell (literally maybe?) and what our characters have to do with it. The story is peppered with little clues that a quick mind will pick up on (although not yet enough to figure anything out). The filming of the crowd scenes was very good and conveyed an emergency situation better than a lot of films I've seen.Hopefully, another episode will be filled with more character-development. If that happens, this could be a great show.
Like many people, I can have my interest spiked by advertising and such was the case with this show.  The advertising generated sufficient interest to get me to watch the "pilot" program, however, having done that, I will not be watching any of the other episodes (despite one review which indicates that the second season "gets better").In my opinion, the "pilot" should set the scene for what is to come.  It should generate sufficient interest to induce you to watch another episode and another and so on.  As it did not do this for me there is no logic in watching further episodes.
The lead character is interesting with his enlightened view of life.  The episodes drag a little with not very good writing.
I was really into this show for the first few episodes.  It was fun, engaging, shocking.  But it started to sag in the middle.  This show would have probably been better were it on FX or another network, where they could have crafted a tighter arc.
This show is terrible. Half of the nation votes Republican yet, Amazon comes out with a show that plays to the liberal talking points - just like all other Hollywood(Hollyweird) political shows do. This particular episode was over the top in this regard where the conservative character says things that are not really conservative. They are things that liberals think are conservative or things that liberals wish conservatives believed in. I like the show's characters, but I hate the politics of this show. If this keeps up, I am dropping the show from my watch list. My advice to Amazon: create a liberal-bashing show which would be a hit since there is NOTHING like that out there in the mainstream entertainment media. Or they could create a show that bashes both parties equally - that would also still be new and appeal to both political viewpoints.
I was a big, big, fan of castle for several seasons of binge viewing. But finally I am losing interest. It's all just too pat: black guys and gals are in the power positions, Castle never does "msn up", the white males are all either criminals (especially if they wear a cross or a flag, or are rich businessmen), or they are little boys (Castle) or effeminate (Ryan). The female lead is a wonder of course, but is given to wearing high heels on a detective case, etc. Maybe I'll binge it after the season is over, but there are better shows out there (Montalbano, Maigret, Longmire, etc.)atlee
What started out as a terrific and suspenseful series wound up as boring, anti government, clich&eacute; ridden drivel. With the exception of a few episodes, the entire series was a total let-down in spite of some really likeable characters- Carter, Fusco. Finch and Reese, and to a lesser degree Shaw. Root is ridiculous, even if one attempts to suspend disbelief. The acting is still good. One can only hope that series 4 improves.
I am a fan of historical fiction when it is done WITHOUT a political agenda. Good historical fiction sticks as close to the truth as possible to educate as well as entertain. Sometimes the writer needs to improvise to keep the storyline flowing--but it also should be as close to the truth as possible.The writers REPLACED the Irish immigrants who were the majority immigrant population who built the eastern portion of the railroad (along with Poles, Italians, Swedes and Germans) with arrogant &#34;in-your-face&#34; Farrakhan blacks. The Chinese who built the western portion are barely mentioned. I am an advocate of giving credit where credit is due and to write a series given blacks credit for what others have done I find insulting.I will not buy the politically correct Hollywood formula &#34;White/Black/Female&#34; second season.
Loved New Girl Season 1 and 2. Season 3 really disappoints. The funny banter from the first two seasons seems forced and contrived this season. I'm having a hard time bringing myself to watch it.
when this show first started it was very funny, but i think thay are running out of things to write about, the show has lost its family freindlieness.
I HAD NO  IDEA HOW OVER THE TOP with sex and violnce this series would be . i will not watch again
I love science fiction and alien movies especially by Chris Carter but unless they rewrite some of this, I won't be watching. The characters don't act the way real people would act in this situation. The electricity was out. They all knew this from the beginning and yet they kept trying to talk on phones, open electric doors etc. The woman police officer was either new to the job or just plain stupid. She shoots before she knows the situation and just keeps trying to attempt communication with her officers even though she's been told several times there is no communication. They must have been starving but never made an attempt to eat especially the woman who is diabetic. They're running from &#34;bad guys&#34; and yet one of them wants to go back for her purse. What? I'm intrigued by the alien, for once it's in human form. And why are they running in the woods, couldn't they have barricaded the doors. Sorry, don't think people would be so scatter brained.
People with problems and not enough charm to keep me interested in how it would all turn out. I'll give it a pass.
The first season of this show was great!And the second season started good, but it appears to be running out of steam.
Well it started slowly and never made a momentum.  I turned it off after 30 mints may be if you watch it longer it would make sense.
The actors are second rate. The pace is too slow. Everyone, writers, actors, and director must have been on Valium drips when making their contributions to this show.
I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS SHOW IT'S SO UPROARIOUSLY GUT-BUSTINGLY KNEE-SLAPPINGLY GOOD! I ALSO LOVE DAVE 'N BUSTERS, THEIR FOOD IS SO GOOD I LOVE THE STEAK ESPECIALLY FROM DAVE AND BUSTERS; DAVE AND BUSTERS IS GREAT LIKE THIS SHOW! I ALWAYS ORDER THE COORS LIGHT FROM DAVE 'N BUSTERS, IT TASTES SO REFRESHING DOWN MY THROAT AFTER I ORDER A DELICIOUS STEAK FROM DAVE 'N BUSTERS! I'M NOT SURE WHY BUT EVERYTIME I WATCH SEASON 5 OF IT'S ALWAYS SUNNY I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HOW DELICIOUS DAVE 'N BUSTERS IS AS WELL AS COORS LIGHT!BTW GO TO DAVE 'N BUSTERS AND ORDER THE STEAK AND A COORS LIGHT, YOU WON'T REGRET IT!
This is a silly cartoon that teaches nothing. Why does the bull have udders and no horns? However the grandkids like it. Therefore the three stars instead of one.
My favorite show has produced a long-winded, hard to watch season that is seriously lacking in excitement.  Perhaps I expected to much?  I don't think so.
There is NO way a professional football cheerleader who ends up marrying a team owner would call football uniforms, &#34;costumes.&#34;That's when I knew these writers were trying to insult human intelligence.It sunk when they portrayed the football players, most of them black, snorting coke (at a black team player's house / party) and letting loose a rented monkey who ends up snorting coke and shooting a Latino place kicker in the foot.  Guys (football player actors) where's your ethnic dignity?  Don't do this to yourself and your people.Yuck.  The show was beautifully shot but the story and the stereotypes sunk to low levels.
Off the wall humor and laughed out loud several times. We've all been there at one time and can relate to what's going on.
When a main character is given a historical name then I expect some relationship.  Bosch the painter.  Only here he is a detective.  And the setting of LA might be appropriate for one of Bosch's nightmare paintings.  But the only nightmare in this was the set up.  It took way too long for us to understand the character, the plot lines, and the relationship of the people.With the right set up this might develop.  Sure it was a better novel than this episode.
It takes me sometime to grasps the quality of this kind of comedy, thus the rating of three stars today
Portlandia runs hot and cold, as does most contemporary sketch comedy. As I have remarked in reviews of the previous seasons, the fundamental problem with the show is the same problem with contemporary comedy: the emphasis is on the situation rather than the joke. Fifty years ago, humor revolved around set-up and punch line. In the 21st Century, it's all set-up. The situation itself is supposed to be funny. That leads to performers tending to not hone elements of timing, and to writers not showing productive originality. Everyone just plays out the same characters and situations over and over again, figuring that if it's funny, more will translate to &#34;more funny.&#34; Unfortunately, it usually doesn't. The program does score some delicious comedic victories when it becomes less Portland-specific and when the humor becomes verbal rather than vaguely situation. Unfortunately, those moments are somewhat few and far between. However, there are enough to keep one's interest and, living in Portland, I do enjoy recognizing local landmarks in high quality cinematography. It's not as good -- or as cool -- as it thinks it is, however. I'll admit, though, that it has gotten better with age.
There are movies that are released that you think will be good, movies you hope will be good and movies you want to be good. On occasion it happens. But for the most part, as with MUTANT CHRONICLES, it never quite makes the mark.Based on a role playing game, the basic outline was there. Fans of the game though have complained at the changes made. In any event, we are presented with a world of the future ruled by four warring corporations constantly in battle. During the latest conflict, a seal set in the ground is broken and an army of zombie like mutants, each with one single spear-like arm, is unleashed.History reveals that this seal was put in place by a religious order when an alien spacecraft descended to Earth and began changing men into these mutants. Nearly defeated, man conquered this invasion and sealed the machine in the ground. The order maintained a book telling the tale as well as preparing for the day the seal might be broken. That day is now.As mankind heads off planet to Mars, Brother Samuel (Ron Perlman) puts together a rag tag group of misfits who man be the planet's last hope. Former combatants are now untied to save the world as instructed by the chronicles. Armed with a secret bomb they don't even know how to use, they head deep underground towards the machine with the hopes of destroying it.Among this group are the lesser characters, those that you know are just fodder for the mutant horde to follow. But the natural leader of the group is Mitch Hunter (Thomas Jane) who seems cynical to the extreme but whose humanity shines through at the oddest moments. Along the way he saves a group of survivors and later attempts to rescue his old commander from the mutants.The mission is much like those seen in team flicks like THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN and THE DIRTY DOZEN. It's a suicide mission at worst and a chance for redemption and salvation at the end at best. Each team member has a reason to be here since each was given 2 tickets to get someone off world. Now it's up to them to save this one.The movie itself is well made, the special effects extremely well done for being made on a shoestring budget. The look and feel of this world is both threatening and interesting at the same time. And the gore, while CGI created, flows when slashes and explosions come forth. But at the same time it feels kind of hollow.The actors involved were enthusiastic about the project as seen in the special feature where they appeared on a panel at last year's Comic Con to promote the film. And their performances are pretty good. Yet something is missing.This is not to say you won't enjoy the film. It does offer and action-adventure flick that will keep fans watching. It offers science fiction fans a look at a steam-punk world of coal driven spaceships and blast cannons. And it does entertain. And yet...I may be in the minority. I recall a world in the sixties where the outlook of science fiction was one of hope. We watched STAR TREK which showed us a world of possibilities and co-operation and equality, where there were no bounds that we couldn't overcome. And yet in the late 70s and early 80s that changed and suddenly we were shown a future where cities had fallen, people wore rags and the heroes were few and far between.This movie falls into that latter category. Perhaps that's why I can't say it's great. Perhaps that's why I can't say I loved it. Yes, I enjoyed it and yes it was entertaining. I would recommend this as one to watch but as for adding to your collection? Perhaps not.As for the blu-ray aspects of this film they come into play with the sharpness and clarity offered. Every item on screen is crystal clear from the drops of rain that overflow in the films opening sequence to the drops of blood that fly when during the final battle with the mutants. Does it enhance anything from the movie itself? Probably not. But then for me at least, the clearer the picture the better.
Couldn't get past the big twine ball kill. Really? I love satire, but I like it to be subtle and intelligent. I like it to fulfill the purpose of legitimate comment upon the ironies of life. This was just dumb and uninteresting--a few good one-liners, but they weren't enough to sustain life among the flotsam of over-the-top stupidity.
While the movie has an interesting idea behind it, of a want to be novelist meeting a girl at a coffee shop, getting to know her, and becoming inspired, it is over done in some parts.  Be ready for a chick flick.
Don't producers do story boards any more? And then in the end there they were, &#34;skitters&#34;from another series. Where the hell are the writers when you need them to quit.
This so reminds me of the old show Misfits of Science from mid-80s.  And if you haven't heard of it, look it up to see the similarities.  A writer for Misfits later became the creator for Heroes.I'm glad Amazon has the Instant Video so I could catch an episode and check it out.  $2 isn't a bad price for an afternoon's entertainment when the weather drives you inside.
This is the strangest movie I watched in some time.  Scarlett Johansen has very little dialogue, she seems to stumble through and does not demonstrate her acting chops.  I would not recommend this movie at all.
This is an ok series.  Always interesting, however, there is just too much of the &#34;how are you feeling&#34;, &#34;I want to tell you how this feels&#34;, &#34;You have to stay away from me&#34;, &#34;I'm no good for you&#34;, &#34;I didn't mean to betray your trust, please forgive me&#34;, &#34;You can always trust me&#34;, in every episode.  Can't they just get on with the story lines and do something?  I mean this is supposed to be a mystery/fantasy series.  Come on, can't they focus on the detective stuff and just kind of bring in the beast thing every now and then, you know like it isn't necessarily a curse that he's the beast.  It usually turns out to be a good thing.  All this blather about feeling and stuff is just stretching the show to fill an hour with nonsense.  Let's show what that actress can really do.  She's beautiful and she's smart and she grabs hold of your attention.  The beast guy looks like every guy from Magic Mike.
The great thing about anthology films is that, if one of the segments falls flat, you usually don't have to wait too long to get another shot at a decent story. Even better, anthology horrors can side-step one of the biggest problems with the horror genre: the fact that scares tend to stale when you stretch a tale out to feature movie length. Much like some of the scariest campfire stories you heard when you were younger, really scary flicks don't have to be much longer than twenty minutes to pack a wallop, and they have the added benefit of being less likely to drag.That's in theory.V/H/S might have worked a lot better if it hadn't gone for the found-footage theme, a film-making style that continues to plague theaters and films. The idea is that, if you put the movie behind the lens of a home video, viewers will be more inclined to invest in the reality of a story, to feel its presence and immediacy, and therefore to be more drawn into the drama or -- in this case -- chills. What usually ends up happening, however, is the screenwriters have to struggle through exposition heavy dialogue (often regarding why the event in question is being meticulously filmed), and viewers have to deal with shaky, amateur-style filming. Luckily, the short length of these vignettes made camera excuses easy to come by, but this is without question an example of some of the worst blurry/shaky/look-how-headachingly-real-this-handheld-look-is filming I've seen in a found footage movie.There are six tales:TAPE 56: This story provides the connective tissue for the whole movie. A group of hooligans who like filming themselves are hired to go to a strange house and procure a VHS tape. During their search, they watch some of the tapes they find in the house, all of which comprise our anthology. This segment is poorly acted and even more poorly written, but that's mildly excusable given that it only exists to be connective tissue for the other bits. (1 star)AMATEUR NIGHT: A story that could've been told in about five minutes, this little bit is about three young bucks who go out on the town to pick up some chicks and make a little hidden camera porn. Needless to say, they pick up more than they bargain for. The lead actress in this bit is a real trooper and does a bang-up job, and the special effects aren't too shabby. Our three male leads, however, are annoying beyond belief, and the overall "twist" of the story you can see coming from a mile away. (3 stars)SECOND HONEYMOON: Our footage this time is in the form of a vacationing couple's camcorder. The story is so basic that even stating one part of it would be giving too much away; I'll just say their honeymoon doesn't end in the traditional way. Filmed and acted quite well, the plot is just too thin to be worth the twenty minutes it's given. It feels like there could've been much more to it if they'd just taken the time to juice up the script. (2 stars)TUESDAY THE 17TH: Four 20-somethings go for a vacation in the woods and, guess what? They have a horrible time. This is one of those scripts where you're asked to believe that four completely different people (an alpha-male jock type, a skinny dweeb, an impossibly hot blonde, and a surly dark-haired misfit) would for some reason be close enough friends to vacation together, in spite of their acerbic dialogue and general lack of common ground. One of them has a secret though, and although the content of the secret is rendered in a pretty cool way via some of VHS's more common frailties (think tracking errors and tape glitches), a total lack of answers and unbelievable plotting ruin the effect. (2.5 stars)THE SICK THING THAT HAPPENED TO EMILY WHEN SHE WAS YOUNGER: Told exclusively via webcam chats, this is tied for the strongest clip of the group. A waifish (and kind of dense) Emily has conversations with her doctor-to-be boyfriend, James, who is away at school. A possible haunting and a strange bump on her arm lead to a truly unexpected conclusion. Although the script is almost as annoyingly vague as the last one, there are enough clues to get the point across, and to do so in a way that doesn't feel like a total cop-out or rip-off. (4 stars)10/31/98: Four 20-to-30 something males go out to a Halloween house party, with one of them dressed as a nanny cam (probably the best excuse for a found footage filming that I've come across in one of these movies). They apparently go to the wrong house, however (or they misunderstood what kind of party it was), because what they discover is less party than it is horror. With some pretty solid special effects and a fairly rapid delivery of action, this vignette is also one of the strongest. (4 stars)
The first 20 minutes you patiently wait and hope...the next 20 minutes you wonder why you are still watching it and the last 20 you are just laughing.  It's really really bad.  I mean...BAD.  Their is a character in the show that they call OLD LADY the whole show...never during the hours spent or even going to her house do they exchange names.  At the beginning they have an &#34;escape convict&#34; who's dialogue was him just reading his character bio sheet.  Sad Sad Sad Sad Sad
It's an okay watch, but for a comedy, it wasn't funny or even amusing.  I'd like to have seen more funny in this pilot and it looks like it's perhaps just a 30 minute set up for funny in later episodes.  So much seemed way to forced like they 'had' to cram every role into the first episode... and by doing so, missed out on the fun that it should be.  I was hoping for something a little more like the movie 'Soapdish'.  I would have bumped the love interest to at least the 2nd episode... it just feels weird.I'd watch another episode if I didn't have anything else to do.  I do like the concept of exploring the world of the orchestra, but fear the premise will be just too much a turn off for your average viewer.
No spoiler alert only because this movie makes absolutely no sense & what's worse, the acting (not actors) or their dialogue is hidious.  I'm in to the movie about 20 minutes and I'm regretting my selection and considering ending the (my) torture but no, I continue to watch hoping against all hope that it will improve but it doesn't.  In fact, it continues the descent into what I've only seen a handful of times in my life - oh the agony, the utter and complete pain.  Let this review be your WARNING: Go to your next selection - don't waste your time here.  The story sucks, the acting sucks worse and the ghosts are absurd, horrible.  Please whoever you are please don't ever try to make a movie again.
We have to depend on the cast interviews to tell us what it all means because the series is a stream of disconnected references to Nikita and A.L.I.A.S.When did Auggie and Annie break up?What is this BIG decision about can you live/work/love in the same circle of acquaintances?Annie died and came back to life and her sister is nowhere to be seen?The intelligence community and military are not this disjointed in reality and RULE#1 is that if Annie is having trouble keeping it together she should surrender her weapon(s) and admit that she is not fit for duty.
This series so far is nothing but exhibitions of gratuitous violence coupled with the machinations of an evil genius played by James Spader who week after week knows everything.  It all lacks any credibility.
Certain episodes are comic relief, that's for sure. The amazing thing is there are actually people in the world like these guys, and that's scary knowing so. If you want a good laugh it's worth watching.
It sort of had me in stitches at parts due to the acting and the dialogue. It wasn't for me.
During the opening, after I found the disclaimer 'warning: actors will break out in song' somewhat amusing, my initial reaction was-- I hope these intro numbers are just that, and will never be shown again.  Unfortunately, the characters break into forgettable pop sounding tunes that are a bubble left of plumb.When I watch a comedy that doesn't quite work, I often feel as though I can see the thinking, see it on the page, and it was probably a good idea at the time.  The execution doesn't work.  On a show or skit that IS working, a viewer can forget that this was on someone else's page, as the actor makes it his own.Like watching SNL, when some skits take off and others just lie there, good ideas gone wrong.The set up is fine.  Unpaid internships.  Varied foursome plopped into a HuffPo environment, headed by a Bebe Neuworth (Huffington) who hasn't found her character.  Horse's behind intern from the previous bunch lording it over everyone.  He's pretty good.  The 28 year old employee who disses the lanky geek was nicely underplayed.I couldn't finish watching it after the fourth number.  Oh, no........NOT another dumb song.Points for the setting, the difficulty of new grads trying to ooze into a biz they are already in debt for after 4 years of college, and not getting paid.  More realism can still be funny.  So far, this show is NOT.
While I love he focused on clean eating, I was only able to handle 1.5 episodes. His delivery is juvenile. It is like he is trying to be the &#34;Bill Nye the Science Guy&#34; of cooking.
PLOT SPOILERSJake goes to visit his sister in a remote area as she has joined a cult, you know the type that looks like they drink Kool-Aid. Oops sorry about that. He takes with him two friends so they can make this look like a hand held camera documentary.This wasn't a real documentary. Did they have to end it the way I expected it to end from 5 minutes into the film? Ti West ever hear of a twist? Now having said that, the film did hold my interest. Even the boring interviews were well done. Then when they ended it all with orange flavor Koo-Aid, I had to groan...surely there is more....a twist...please!!! I need. I want.Apparently this was done for a whole new generation that knows nada about the Jonestown fiasco which inspired this film.Parental Guide: F-bomb. Implied sex. No nudity. No twist.
Boo.Whenever I see ratings on films, I am interested mostly in two particular scenarios:  critics go all Gaga -- and that ain't the Lady -- over a film; or critics pan a film entirely.  Usually, if it is the former, it means that it is "safe" for the critics to like it; it is perhaps some family-friendly garbage that everyone should love, which means that it's probably not very interesting in any way.  Conversely, if it is the latter, it means that it is not "safe" for critics to like it, because perhaps, someone like Lindsay Lohan is starring; and hating Ms. Lohan is completely acceptable because she's the kicking girl du jour.  Hey, critics are Lemmings too, just like the American public.Well, in this case, the critics mostly got it right, but not because of Ms. Lohan.  No one here had anything to work with, including her.  This film is completely forced, in writing and in action.  Immediately, the opening scene is exceedingly painful to watch, as you see some 20-somethings act in the way that everyone expects 20-somethings to act; in other words, in unnatural ways.  Oh, and then it only gets worse in even more unnatural ways.I will admit, I didn't watch the entire film.  As a matter of fact, I turned it off after about 20 minutes.  None of the characters are sympathetic -- every film must have at least one character that you will root for, and here I see none -- so this film failed immediately in that department.  And I saw no reason to continue watching.What was the purpose of this film?  Well, you've got me; I have no clue.  I give a big pass on a film that never should have been made.  I am going zero stars today on the worst disaster of a film created in years.
I don't think I'm the right audience for this. I laughed a couple times, but maybe there's something I'm missing. I dunno. I just don't feel right about reviewing it. If you like Adult Swim, or Ugly Americans, watch this show. You'll probably enjoy it. As for it's odds of getting picked up? Not a chance in hell.
It's a good show that has a LOT of sexual content. I'm just wondering if it's all needed? Other than that it would get another star. And for the record....I'm not a prude. Far from it. I just think the show doesn't need all of the sex scenes.
Background: A Selkie is a mythological sea creature that can become human.This movie consisted of the following stereotypic formula pieces tossed together to form the script such as: single divorced alcoholic fisherman; disabled daughter; dysfunctional mom and step father; suspicious town folk; homespun priest; Selkie brings good luck to the fisherman and daughter; criminal element added as a threat to the Selkie.Overall this Selkie interpretation seemed disjointed and shallow; lacking emotional depth and mystery. Not as good as "The Seventh Stream".
The outcome of Scofield's plans are becoming far to predictable, not to mention annoying. The ongoing blunder's remind me all too much of the CTU in "24". I still like most of the folks involved in the story so that helps keep me interested. Hoping for some closure in season four, but fear more mistakes and bad decisons will weaken the storyline.
I was hoping that I would really get into this show, I do like Mellissa George very much, and in this she's great, however, the first episode didn't grab me enough to continue.
The show is a little bit dry, but is definitely funny.Have only seen the first four episodes, and they were definitely funny enough to continue watching the series.Characters are easy to relate to as they are about my age, funny stuff.
Sebastian Faulks' novel is highly regarded.  I've not read it, but I'll take people's word that it's good.  Abi Morgan is a talented screenwriter whose work I've enjoyed -- most recently, the series "The Hour" and the film "Shame".  So I should've liked "Birdsong".  But for whatever reason, the potential in this project just didn't gel into anything particularly great.  Perhaps the series needed to be longer:  the love story feels rushed; Eddie Redmayne's compatriots in the trenches just seem like quick sketches; and then it's over.  Well, it's not over before we're given the moral of story, delivered by a guy tragically dying in the trenches.  "It's all we're good for," the guy croakingly soothsays to Redmayne, while the strings weep in the background.  "To love and be loved."  (Hopefully this scene is not in the novel.)But before we get to that pearl of wisdom, we must endure a lot of staring into the middle distance, mostly from Redmayne as he reminiscences about his lost love while in the trenches.  The director was rather cruel to Redmayne, I should think.  The guy is asked to look tragic throughout the whole picture, even in the pre-war scenes.  He's asked to break down and sob a few times.  Actors hate that, by the way.  Worst of all, he's asked to whisper.  A lot.  Almost his entire dialogue is whispered.  If you don't have a decent home theater system with Dolby, you are well advised to turn on the Closed Captioning, unless you enjoy alternating your volume up and down between whispering and bombshells.  I think some directors confuse whispered dialogue with Important Dialogue.The heart of the thing is the love story, but, as I said earlier, the story is too rushed for us to start really rooting for the lovers to come together.  There is some nice intensity between them as they steal glances at each other and play some footsie on a rowboat (for once, all the staring works to a purpose), but it's just not enough.  The lady is married to an impotent man, conveniently enough, and I think she's supposed to be about 10 or so years older than Redmayne.  But Clemence Poesy appears to be the same age as Redmayne, so it's strange when she calls him "my boy", and it's even stranger when the 16-year-old daughter of the husband's first marriage calls Poesy "maman".  Poesy seems like a fine actor, but this is a Casting Fail.As for the rest of it:  there's a Gallipoli-like futile charge against the Germans that fails because of incompetent planning by the military brass, but really, haven't we seen all this before?  In fact, we've seen it in "Gallipoli", a superior movie directed by Peter Weir.  I couldn't connect with the soldiers' mission, and I couldn't connect with them.  One of them wears sweaters, sent from his mother back in England, over his army issue.  Couldn't tell you anything else about him, though.  Perhaps Abi Morgan needed to spend more time on them.  Perhaps the producers needed a bigger budget to expand the series.Or, and here's a thought, maybe the original novel the series is based on isn't all that good to begin with, contrary to received opinion.  All that I learned from "Birdsong" is that War, and French Ladies, are Hell.  Tell me something I don't know!  2 out of 5.
Didn't find the storyline engaging.  Characters seemed to do the best they could.  Script is needs more effort to engage the viewer
As promised, the acting, cinematography, and general production values are top notch.  But like the Sopranos, I find the content toxic and depressing.  There is already a pattern of a buildup of tension and a narrow escape.  This chemistry teacher is going to have to come up with more complicated strategies to pull off this double life.  But he seems to have a sociopathic disregard for the lives he's destroying even as his own body is wasting away.  I'm simply not up for 40 more hours of covert drug manufacturers.
Too much ... everything, my sense is that the writers were a bit immature for the subject matter that could have been brought into the plot but was delayed to bring out points for shock value as soon as possible.
In That awkward moment, three best friends find themselves at that confusing moment in every dating relationship when you have to decide "So...where is this going?"First I must say that this is definitely a chick flick and not that I am against that but this is definitely orientated towards a female audience more than a male audience. There are some funny moments that did make me laugh but unfortunately there was not enough of those.  Secondly, the three male leads acted like a bunch of women at times and more in a way that catered to that female audience that I am talking about.There were some moments of cuteness but the movie was very predictable in its ending as it seems a lot of movies in the genre seem to be these days.  Whatever happened to the "Chasing Amy" type movies that don't always have that clich&eacute; ending.  Unfortunately not here.My wife definitely liked better than me but even still she says it is a 3 star movie at best.  I personally give this some thing in between at 2.5 stars.
Really, really annoyed that after watching 4 seasons the finale ends with a cliffhanger never to be resolved.  The whole season had been building up to this ending and then it was unresolved.  Very frustrating and disheartening.
Warning: spoilers.  Young women are kidnapped and forced to fight each other to the death for the entertainment of others.  You've very likely seen this story done before--but never with the ill-advised seriousness on display here.  Raze is filmed and scored with all the lightness and humor of a holocaust film--which pretty much drains every ounce of entertainment value from the pulpy material.The movie makes a fatal mistake almost immediately: At the start it appears that actress Rachel Nichols will be the lead, but the filmmakers pull a bait and switch--she is killed in the first fight and Zoe Bell becomes the lead character.  The problem?  While Bell, who was Uma Thurman's stunt double on the Kill Bill films, acquits herself about as well as you would expect during the fight sequences the more emotional scenes are far beyond her abilities, making it impossible to care one way or another what happens to her.  The filmmakers would have been much better off using Rachel Nichols as the lead and Zoe Bell as the villain--that way she could still do her thing in the fight scenes without killing the rest of the movie.The fight scenes are brutal but they become repetitive and dull very quickly.The only entertainment value in the entire movie is oddball character actor Doug Jones, who plays the L Ron Hubbard like cult leader who is behind the fights.  During the film's one and only truly effective scene a number of the woman are strapped down to school desks while he explains the higher purpose behind what they are doing.  Unfortunately, Jones isn't given much to play with beyond that one scene.Raze will undoubtedly appeal to people who like to see women beat the crap out of each other and require nothing more.  Everyone else is strongly advised to give Raze a pass.
One episode in, I plan to watch another. The apocalyptic world view isn't something I dwell on, so I am not &#34;sold&#34; on the idea, but the characters were engaging.
I think Gen is right on in her style- I appreciate the ecclectic blend, and her use of the traditional, and the clearly not so traditional in all of her rooms. Her designs are lovely, timeless and easily duplicatable in all price points.I find her giggling more than a tad annoying.
This is another sloppy metaphor of all the struggles and compromises an artist must go through to produce something of any quality.  Don't expect any of it to make sense in a literal way.  It would have been more compelling if the sheriff had sued, threatened, or even framed him for a crime in order to get his "fair share."  The "children" and "Poe" seemed like irrelevant filler.
Too much like some of the lame police series we get on network television.  If one likes adultery, back stabbing your co-workers etc they will love this show.
Could have been great but suffered from the same old fate, Greed! It had great ratings so more seasons had to take seed. Instead of a one off like Fargo, CBS wanted to make more dough. So stretched out and a bunch of garbage plot will follow, some good episodes, but plenty of turds you'll have to swallow.
He didn't beg, he demanded and pushed and put so much pressure on that woman its rediculous! I swear at least 20 times an episode I say outloud "Wow, Kody is such an incrediable JERK!" and yet I keep watching....its like a train wreck you just can't look away from!
I really didn't see it as attacking Christianity. It was supposed to be a commentary on how self-righteous the bible-belt frequently tends to get. And I think this is what had viewers (particularly in the region) up in arms. Hell hath no fury like somebody whose flaws are uncovered for all the world to see and critique.All of this said, I myself personally did not find the show appealing.First, it replaced my favorite series Pan Am. Strike One. So I was already naturally bound to come in with a bit of skepticism--even when it says there is satire of my 'home region'.  They should have moved the series for a different night and/or time. And just kept the good show on.Go with what already works. Give yourselves time to workout problems with the new show and build up a 'new' audience.Strike two. These women acted like my stepmother! The big hair, holier than thou blond-bimbo-bombshell diva routine, just was not personally funny in any television script. The series main character is starting over after herself having been a you-know-what. So there was potentially room here to successfully build in audience. Most people like to see underdogs succeed against tremendous odds.But she still contends with 'the attitude' from her peer group. I already get enough of this off camera. And television is supposed to be a relaxing escape from real life. It's not supposed to ailenate the viewing audience ourself from--yes, boredom. People aren't going to watch a 'sitcom' rehashing reality. The odds which she was supposed to come up against were the wrong ones to successfully hold audience interest for a weekly sitcom-drama.It just wasn't 'fun' viewing. Sorry ABC.
Good story line and acting.  Who's really in control of our lives, and when is deception realized enough for us to make the changes, or is it too late once the truth is realized.
Yeah, well, I have no idea what I just watched.  It was like a drunken conversation come to life.  A monster who looks like he escaped from an 80's horror flick like Ghoulies or Troll crawls out of a guy's ass--literally--and kills people who may bring the guy harm or undue stress.First, thank GOD Michael Bay did not make this film.  The plot is up his alley, but I think no one would be able to take his obsession with explosions.  If you get me.Secondly, I have no idea why you might WANT to watch this movie.  You have to be REALLY bored, 12 years old, or just love butt horror.  (Is that a genre now?)Here's why:I love a couple of the cast, so I thought it might be funny.  Unfortunately, it is just slow and silly.  What is funny is that the acting is pretty great!  I guess, if it had been written well, Bad Milo might have been a comedic hit.Instead it is a smirk-fest.  It gets old fast.Give it a try if you love offbeat comedy.  I wanted to like it, but it was just plain dull.
I've been an ardent fan of the show from the beginning, of the extraordinary cast in particular (they get 5 Stars!)- in seasons one and two I waited each week with baited breath for the next episode. But even though I want to see what happens next, and I'm watching season three, some things have troubled me about the show from the start. I've thought about it quite a bit, and though I'm not sure how well I can express it, I'll try. [NOTE: There's an update at the end of my review.]I read recently that the director Sidney Lumet said "In a well-written drama, the story comes out of the characters. The characters in a well-written melodrama come out of the story." Though I'm still puzzling over what this means, exactly, by that definition I'd say Once Upon a Time is a melodrama, in that it is plot-driven, rather than character-driven. I think in the best works, in any genre, a great story zigzags back and forth between drama and melodrama, i.e., between plot and character development, each seamlessly informing and enriching the other. ONCE is woefully inadequate in the character development department. The characters are one-dimensional. These fantastic actors (and we fans) deserve so much more.Before you say "They're fairy tale characters, for goodness sake, what do you expect?" I expect good drama- character development to rival, complement mythic themes. In thinking about the show, it finally dawned on me that the character neglect reminds me of the cognitive deficits in certain syndromes. In autism, for example, especially Asperger's Syndrome, one thing that characterizes many patients is a preoccupation with the trees to the exclusion of the forest. Such patients focus for hours on separate parts, on the mechanics of things. An analogy might be someone intent on cataloging the stars in the sky, one after another, but being unable to appreciate the majesty of the cosmos, feel a sense of awe and wonder when appraising the night sky in its entirety.Similarly, in Oliver Sacks's wonderful book THE MAN WHO MISTOOK HIS WIFE FOR A HAT, he describes the behavior and bizarre "reality" of patients who've suffered right-hemisphere brain damage. What remains is the left hemisphere, and the way it processes info is by parts and feature analysis. Lacking the right brain, which puts everything together, sees relations, wholes, and attaches feelings and significance to perceptions and events, the left brain focuses on sequential details, linear analysis, which results in a very odd and unsatisfying experience for those affected, sadly. Indeed, patients with Asperger's and RH damage tend to have great difficulties with personal relationships, their perceptual blinders rendering them unable to apprehend other people in all their complexity. People who love them often find interactions extremely frustrating.ONCE reminds me of that brand of reality, a focus on the machinations of the plot, with scant appreciation of the depth, profundity and emotional complexity of human beings, both individually and in concert with each other. The characters' major function is to drive the plot forward, it's the plot itself that take precedence, like a big math problem (albeit at times an intriguing one).The antithesis of this, for me, might be the pithy, splendid TV Series THE CROW, STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN or the movie FAIRY TALE: A TRUE STORY. They succeed as both superb melodrama and superb drama, emotionally affecting, weaving intricate plot lines and characters into tapestries that become far more than the sum of their parts.And another observation, at the risk of sounding sexist- I can't help but wonder if the fact that all the writers on the show are male doesn't contribute to this preoccupation with mechanics and linear details (research has shown that left brain processes tend to predominate in males, whereas females tend to use both hemispheres in tandem). Seriously, if I didn't know better I'd swear the show was written by a bunch of 14 year-old boys with high-level Asperger's Syndrome (some Asperger's folks have high IQs, see the world in simplistic, black and white terms, but construct super-elaborate scenarios around simplified themes from which they're loathe to deviate).[Update: I stand corrected- as others kindly pointed out, they've corrected that situation and have hired female writers, I'm happy to learn.] Fairy tales have traditionally been the province of girls, much more so than boys. Granted, most fairy tales were recorded &/or collected by men, but I've always pictured them being offered as gifts, infused with hopes and dreams, by mothers down through the ages, told as bedtime stories, a feminine oral tradition fueling their children's- especially their daughters'- imaginations. I DO applaud the writers for depicting strong, heroic women, kudos for that. All I know is that what l most love about fairy tales...isn't here, it's missing.Were I the head writer on the show, I'd ensure that the writers focus less on the dizzying intricacies and pyrotechnics of the plot (could it BE more pointlessly complicated??), and slow down a bit, putting flesh on characters' bones and exploring relationships between them. Can you do that without sacrificing clever plot twists, and while still showing what's happening with multiple characters? Sure, ST. ELSEWHERE, for example, did it spectacularly well (the best TV show ever, I think)- and the hit show BORGEN too, from Denmark. And actually, come to think of it, another offering starring Ginnifer Goodwin, HE'S JUST NOT THAT INTO YOU, also succeeded in that respect (at least I think so, not everyone liked it as much as I). In a review of it it was noted that even a brief scene in which Bradley Cooper declined Ben Affleck's offer of a cigarette bespoke volumes about the characters (while also advancing the plot), no wasted moments. Anyway, the marvelous actors on ONCE deserve such character development and subtlety, that's what I'm waiting for, yearning for, anyway...Then again, when I'm feeling a little less magnanimous, I wonder if maybe the writers and producers don't know EXACTLY what they're doing. Now and then there's this nagging feeling that somehow I'm being made a fool of, that maybe someone's having a good laugh at my expense. Why would ANYONE stick around, year after year, given so few crumbs, on a mere promise of something that never seems to materialize? Where's the payoff for my attentiveness, my loyalty? Perhaps some suit said: "Mix up the metaphors! Throw in everything but the kitchen sink, THAT'LL keep 'em guessing. Hell, we can even call it a new GENRE!" Or: "Just toss around a few buzzwords, you know, true love, true hearts, true WHATEVER...human imagination being what it is, they'll supply their OWN profundity. HEY! How about SAVIOR- it's LOADED with associations, throw THAT in!" Could there be a standing bet as to how long the show can be drawn out, how much profit can be amassed, how much convoluted but simplistic DRIVEL can be heaped on hapless fans before they begin to get wise? You know the old saying, you can fool some of the people... I haven't given up on ONCE yet, but I'm getting awfully close.UPDATE: The show continued in much the same vein, until Episode 4, Quite a Common Fairy- smashing, brilliant, exactly the kind of stories, with the interpersonal punch, I've longed for. If the show continues with this kind of writing I'll be one happy fan. WELL DONE!The Crow: Stairway To Heaven - The Complete SeriesFairytale: A True StoryThe Man Who Mistook His Wife For A Hat: And Other Clinical TalesThe Very Best of St. Elsewhere - Four Tape Set [VHS]Borgen - Season 1He's Just Not That Into You
I think this could be a great program for some people.  I could not get past the voice of the narrator.  I wanted to like him but he seems a little strange & that added to the issues I had with his narration.  To be fair, I have not read any of his books and that might have made a difference.
Alpha House isn't my cup of tea.  It was dry, liberal humor, designed to make fun of Republicans, and it does that with tired, old stereotypes.  Bill Maher fans might find this one amusing for a few episodes.
It is bad enough that for a Monday night show, you have to wait until Wednesday night to get this, but then only 2 minutes!  Where is the rest?
This film definitely has a decent creepy factor, obviously had a generous budget, is adept at maintaining suspense and I liked the connection between psychological and paranormal phenomena however the underlying cause seemed a bit more suited to B-grade horror.  Julianne Moore in the central role gives a performance that lends to the dramatic intensity and overall believability however the added, religious persona seemed a bit clich&eacute; and out of place and although I'm sure Jonathan Rhys Meyers is a fine actor he was fairly underwhelming as the embodiment of ultimate terror.  I think one thing that separates good fiction from mediocrity is when the veil of mystery is pulled back just a bit too far and I think that's why "6 Souls" ultimately left me kinda flat.  :(
What in the world are "progressive polygamists," as the Williamses, the subjects of this series, claim to be? Seems like a contradiction in terms.Polygamy is not a progressive lifestyle by any means, never was and never will be. It's a male-centered lifestyle, in which all the women--and, in this case, 24 (!) children--fight for one man's attention. I can understand people practicing polygamy because it's their religious conviction to do so, as the Browns from Sister Wives claim, but the Williamses say they no longer hold true to the doctrines of Fundamental Mormonism, or the FLDS church. So they apparently now choose this lifestyle--or, as I see it, it's too late to change things. So now what?Are they stuck? Must be because what woman in her right mind would choose to share her husband with four other women if it's not something she believes will get her into heaven for time and all eternity? I wonder what this family is teaching the children.That it's OK for a man to have a number of women even though it's not dictated by their religion or condoned by society? (Do these "progressives" also believe it's OK for a woman to have multiple husbands?) And what religion do they now practice? Surely, there is no other Christian religion that is OK with polygamy. This family seems a bit of a jumble.A lot of reviewers claim the women, who are all cousins born in polygamous families in the same region of Utah in which the clan currently resides, appear to be depressed, and I would concur. Paulie is lovely, but she rarely cracks a smile and seems to not enjoy being in front of the camera. Rosemary is at least truthful. I like her honesty regarding jealousy and weight issues. Nonie is harsh, but seems bright. Rhonda and Robyn are kind and sweet but they too have that same glazed expression as the others.Several episodes into the season, we haven't learned much about the children, though. They're not really featured in the story lines and no one child stands out above the others. The boys tend to be unruly and it's understandable, as the family has no table around which to eat and mealtimes often become chaotic. Manners fall by the wayside. (You'd think contractor Brady could build one dining hall for the entire family to eat in instead of having to hold plates on laps.)Brady, who does not seem to be all that charismatic or appealing, tries to appease all the women. Of course that is impossible, we all know that. And every conversation when there's a problem or disagreement among the women or they with Brady seems staged. He seems to be reading from some conflict resolution handbook every time he answers them. He always says, "I hear what you're saying," and then he repeats their grievance and gives some kind of wishy-washy answer but that is often just what the woman wants to hear. His responses, frankly, don't seem natural and I wonder if he would be so kind and understanding if the cameras weren't filming.Despite what appears to be playing to the cameras, some of the women claim that he is not always very fair--and it does appear that he has favorites--but how is it possible to love five women at once and be fair to everyone? It's the lifestyle in and of itself that doesn't promote fairness.
Thought this was OK. Not that funny. Jokes mostly people from IT would get, with terms they don't really use now or anymore. Way to much geek factor. I wouldn't watch this but other may find it their thing.
Interesting funny one liners a querky spin thru a fantasy world to get away from the every day life of the real world.  Entertaining and goofy at times.  My choice on 3 out of 5 stars the only because the pilot episode is the only one available at this time. Anticipating more to come. Recommend checking it out if you like animation and cartoons.
This could have been an interesting series if not for the turgid script and the banal soap operish love triangles.
I have issues with monster movies where the female lead is always dressed and looking sexy tousled, her hair and face just so, even as she sweats her way from one near-death to another. That was the funny part for me. I laughed. There is no chemistry between these two as they try to make their way home to the US from the alien-infected jungles of Mexico. Yes, the movie tries to make a social commentary about immigration and keeping the Mexicans out. Here, a huge wall is there to keep the aliens out, unsuccessfully, it turns out. I'll credit the film with not overdoing the scares. There is more threat of scare than actual scare. The aliens looks like giant shrimp, and while not entirely believable, they look okay for cheap special effects. The other effects are better, such as the wreckage left behind where the aliens have been rampaging. The script stinks, and the two lead actors are bad. Should you watch? Maybe. Just don't expect much.
This plot line has possibilities- will it be picked up to expand upon, or sit on the shelf? Interesting to see some actors from past SciFi shows, such as HEROES. The idea that there is some sort of a world-wide &#34;Reset&#34; where all those left behind on the planet have the same birthday is a bit of a stretch- it also reminds me of a SciFi series that only ran for about two years- Flash Forward, I believe was the name.
I never turn down a chance to see a post-apocalyptic sci-fi adventure film. However, I become a bit more leery whenever I learn that the film is based on a video or role playing game. Very few cinematic adaptations have done justice to the source. Off the top of my head, the cream of the crop number the LARA CROFT and RESIDENT EVIL series. DOOM, MORTAL KOMBAT, and SILENT HILL tend to fall under the umbrella of so-so adaptations. And then you've got bottom of the barrel picks like MAX PAYNE, ALONE IN THE DARK, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, STREET FIGHTER, BLOODRAYNE, etc.And then there's MUTANT CHRONICLES, a doom and gloom Indie sci-fi film co-starring Thomas Jane, Ron Perlman, and an apathetic John Malkovich. The cool premise, intense worldbuilding and internal mythology, and brutal violence induce me to give it a thumbs up. The poor execution, the monotone delivery of dialogue (shout out to Malkovich!), the laughable attempts at character development, and the sheer oppressive tediousness of the thing reluctantly convince me to give it the finger.At the end of the Ice Age the Machine came from outer space with the sole purpose of converting mankind into mutants. After much struggle and bloodshed a massive seal was placed on the Machine, and for thousands of years it lay dormant. In the distant future, in the 28th Century, four warring mega-corporations hold dominion over a ravaged planet. But one brutal skirmish in the trenches between two corporations cracks open the great seal and soon ghoulish mutants erupt from the bowels of the earth and very quickly overrun civilization, forcing the remnants of humanity to flee to otherplanetary colonies - providing they come up with the rare transport ticket. A grizzled warrior monk from an ancient brotherhood gathers an elite team of soldiers and descends underground with the intent of putting an end to the infernal Machine once and for all. They bring with them a tome of prophesy and an ancient device which they think is a bomb. It's not a bomb.The film is relentless with its violence and gore, even though the crack troop pretty much frags over and over the same six actors who, rumor has it, portrayed the hordes of mutants. It helps that these lobster pincered freaks lack individuality and look the same. But the fight scenes are pretty cool, and I wish the silent monk warrior girl had more chances to swing that sword of hers. She's the assigned protector of the Book of Chronicles. And, no, she doesn't know how to read the thing, but she sure protects the shizzy out of it!But the movie collapses under the weight of its taking itself too seriously, at being too solemn, and it doesn't get much support from a story that is lacking, cinematography that is depressingly gritty and monochromatic, and actors who turn in B-movie performances. All the religious babblepalooza doesn't help, either.Ron Perlman is decent as the warrior monk Brother Samuel, but he doesn't bring his best stuff. Thomas Jane who plays the tough-as-nails Sgt. John Mitchell Hunter seems to be positioning himself as the next Christopher Lambert. The rest of the cast aren't developed enough. There's a listless cameo from John Malkovich who I guess just couldn't be bothered. He drones out lame lines like "The absence of gravity interferes with my digestion." Man, what's happened to you, John Malkovich? You used to bring it, even if you were always on the quirky side.As mentioned, the look of the film may be gritty and monochromatic, but, on second thought, it really doesn't bug me that much. Overall, I have no problems with the special effects. A comment from the DVD's special features informs us that the CG work was heavily bolstered by old school f/x techniques (matte paintings, make-up, and miniatures, etc.). The film imagines a grimy steampunk sort of technology, and it's kind of neat that the machines in this world rely heavily on coal power.I missed this during its theatrical release, but I had hopes, so I got the 2 disc set, in which lurks an abundance of bonus features. Disc 1 offers the widescreen presentation, as well as audio commentary by Ron Perlman and Director Simon Hunter. Disc 2 has the following: the extensive Making Of documentary (107:25 minutes); six deleted scenes, all of which if inserted would've dragged the pace even more (7:49 minutes); Green Screen & Storyboard Comparisons for three scenes (13:57 minutes); the promotional teaser short film with optional Director's commentary (7:15 minutes); the Making Of the promotional teaser short film (3:26 minutes); a heck of a lot of short interviews with the cast & crew; HDNet: A Look at MUTANT CHRONICLES - a look at the world and characters of MUTANT CHRONICLES (4:40); 94 slides of Storyboard art; Concept Art (50 illustrations); Visual Effects (2:48); MUTANT CHRONICLES Panel Q&A; from the 2009 San Diego ComicCon, the end of which has Ron Perlman thinking that the crowd was laughing at him but, really, the chuckles were for Thomas Jane who just couldn't stop slamming down glass after glass of water (11:35); 12 brief webisodes mostly exploring the characters in the film; and the trailer to the thing.As at least one other reviewer had mentioned, the first half-hour or so crawls like a mother. But it picks up once the suicide mission team is assembled. I'm almost tempted to recommend this movie because it has its share of cool elements. But ultimately the downside tilted the balance to the other direction. So, 2.5 out of 5 stars for MUTANT CHRONICLES. Not quite worth purchasing, but it makes for a nice rental or cable viewing. But hope springs eternal. Maybe the upcoming live action flick PRINCE OF PERSIA: THE SANDS OF TIME can do its gaming origin proud.
Nine Things about &#34;Here Comes the Devil&#34;1. This Mexican horror film could have been really good. But I ended up being pretty disappointed with it.2. Unfortunately, this movie doesn't know what it wants to be - a serial killer movie, a demonic possession movie, a psychological thriller, or &#34;Paranormal Activity&#34; (I mean, can we stop with the levitating-above-the-bed thing?).3. It starts out with a lesbian sex scene that has nothing to do with the rest of the movie. Then one of the lesbians gets her fingers cut off.  A few minutes later, a mom has sex with her husband in a car while her kids disappear.4. When the kids come back, they're acting all weird. Like they have either been molested, or possessed. The parents try to solve the problem by taking the matter into their own hands. It doesn't work.5. There are little clues all the way through to hint at what's going on. The problem is, the clues don't make any sense, either.6. You know the old horror movie truism that if you have sex, you get killed? This movie teaches something similar, except the lesson is that if a woman enjoys sex, she will either be mutilated or put she will put her children in mortal danger.7.  On the plus side, it does dare to take on subjects that American movies won't. Like middle-school siblings having sex with each other.8. It's got a nice film style, and some individual scenes are chilling. It just doesn't add up to anything, because it doesn't even know where it's heading.9. I have no idea what the ending means.
Total waste of time and money. Didn't laugh ONCE! Story was TERRIBLE. Acting was good- it was a waste of the actor's talent.
Venture Bros. is the Simpsons of adult comedy. It was very good at the beginning, got you into it and then stopped being funny but is not heinously awful so you still watch it. I notice that most Venture Bros. reviews are from hard core fans who really get into the cartooniness of the series -- which is exactly my problem with it. The special episodes are nothing but the cartoon part of Venture Bros. The only reason Venture Bros. is an adult comedy is because the characters cuss and once in awhile an episode will delve into rankly perverse sex that is never funny. If you want to see a good adult comedy check out Archer or find some old Frisky Dingo.
It is like a show that would have worked 20 yeas ago.  Now it's just one in a large field of crusty cop shows.  Sorry.  The author got screwed on this one.
I have difficulty with an overall critique of this, the story (actually several presented as flashbacks of each subject) is very good but just a bit 'to' predictable.  Several acting performance are better than average, standing out perhaps as others are just not up to their level.  Would I watch it again...most likely not unless it was something to show to an overnight pajama party of young children.Lighting is not very good, sound a bit lost in the background music, special effects - if that is what they are supposed to be - poor to non-existent.The plot twist for what should be a big surprise ending, is pretty self-evident about 7 minutes into the movie.  I still give it three stars for the overall story and for two fine performances amongst 7 others.
This season was OK, but I mean, come on. It needs to end. It's time has come. Thankfully we finally saw Ted's soon to be wife, but hopefully this next season they'll get marred, have kids & live happily ever after.
Just drunk guys, who don't know anything at all about history, ranting about &#34;history&#34; while they're inebriated. Silly and not even funny.
Okay. It's a new year so I can have a new WSF (Worst So Far), although I'm sure there will be even worse as the year goes on. As a rule, I find most clich&eacute;d situations to be diverting, but not the groaners in this thing. I'm sure the gales of laughter that met the finale were NOT what the director had in mind! (To be fair, sometimes a screening audience IS a tough sell.)Director Paul W.S. Anderson (&#34;The Three Musketeers&#34;) specializes in Computer Generated Imaging, so this actioner contains no surprises, but this bloodbath piled cruelty upon cruelty: lashings, bashings, smashings and slashings, so I kept my eyes covered and my yawns smothered much of the time. How many ways can they draw blood or cause mental anguish? (One couple actually brought a toddler. Okay, no profanity, so no harm.....)These folks have had better roles, but they give it their best:* Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (&#34;Thor: The Dark World&#34;) has our sympathy as the gladiator promised his freedom if he wins his last fight. Yeah... right...* Kit Harington (&#34;Game of Thrones&#34;) is our hero, a Celt with uncommon fighting skills, enslaved by Roman soldiers since childhood. Of course it's love at first sight when our heroine makes her entrance.* Emily Browning (&#34;Sucker Punch&#34;) is that puffy-lipped heroine. She is betrothed (unwillingly) to a Roman senator by her less-than-courageous father.* Jared Harris (&#34;Mad Men&#34;) is that father, who apparently backed the wrong politician and now has to make amends to the current powers that be.* Carrie-Anne Moss (&#34;Vegas&#34;) is his wife. At least she can see the political scene clearly, although there is very little she can do about it.* Kiefer Sutherland (Lots of TV) is the dastardly senator from Rome who lusts after our heroine and wants to invest in real estate in our fair city. (Pompeii was considered a resort town by the Romans.)No fight is worth watching unless there are insurmountable odds (which of course our hero surmounts) and lots of blood. And we only HEAR him break that horse's neck....I don't remember archaeologists mentioning a tsunami, do you? I thought it was pyroclastic (searing) blasts and ash-fall from Mount Vesuvius that killed the good folks in Pompeii. This morning I contacted someone who toured Pompeii and never heard a word about a tsunami. By the way, the plaster casts we associate with Pompeii were created when archaeologists injected a substance into the hollows in the solidified ash which were left after corpses decomposed.Expect lots of swordplay, spear thrusts, fist fights, earthquakes, a volcanic eruption, and a tsunami. Only one chaste little kiss though, and no sweaty bodies (PG-13). Whew!
When I initially found this show I was very excited, finally someone with credentials that is pursuing alternative history. What a real let down. The topics are great, but the show needs some tweeking. First, find a new host, aside from his trying so hard to throw in scientific language and observation, he looks amateur. Second, anyone watching the show probably has a good understanding of geology and other sciences, we do not need all the dramatic music and spiffy techy overlays, it really cheapens it. As far as this episode, did anyone else catch at the end where the host just flip flops and sides with the MN archeologist on the bones not being from a giant? Talk about throwing Roger under the bus! Even if the bones where laid out next to one another that would not bring a 5 ft skeleton to almost 9 feet, in addition, Roger kept stating how big in circumference they were, this would not be for a small skeleton! Giants or not, this show, no matter how interesting the episode themes are, loses steam in the end as it takes a really awesome concept and cheapens it and adds a host who at best is not very scientific.
So Benedict Cumberbatch plays this socially awkward genius with a family connection in the government to help figure out the death of his brother.  Add some government conspiracies and Afghanistan spy intrigue and there we go for nice dramatic miniseries.What makes it especially relevant today is the government Total Information Access (TIA) where they use big data to spy on citizens.  It probably was more sci-fi when this was filmed but now we know the NSA is already doing this to us.  For each episode a narrator came on to explain the TIA to us if the exposition in the show wasn't enough.In general I liked the series.  Good production values and some dramatic scenes but I often lost the plot details if I wasn't paying close attention.
Disappointing. Pretty, but empty: battle battle battle, quite pretty moment, battle,battle, quiet pretty moment, battle battle battle battle battle, quiet pretty moment, and so on. The battles were pretty, the quiet moments were pretty. I didn't care what happened to anyone.Basically a painting in motion.Perhaps the longer original Chinese version is where the characters lived the lives we don't see in the International version.
Jewelry, food from the beginning and conveniences unheard of in earlier seasons made this the worst one ever. And I'm a fan.
Every person I've spoken to says the same things about this series: it' tough to watch; it stays with you; don't watch alone. Everyone also says the series is pretty well done and entertaining. There is something clearly wrong with our culture that we are entertained by this program, but we are anyway. Spoiler: I question how long Will can go on being duped by Hannibal. The writers have got their work cut out for them. Soon, their relationship will become silly.
I just saw the premier episode last Thursday and it was horrible. terrible acting, terrible script, and the characters were just extremely annoying.
It is not too bad till they get to the Titty Twister then it goes downhill a little. Salma Hayek much hotter then the new actress. I would say not to pay for this to watch it. Its the exact definition of average and ok show. I compare it to Revolution the second season with Revolution taking the nod as a little better but definitely heading downhill from the First season. Hope this helps, Walking Dead is a 5 star to give you a comparison
So this season is when the show jumped the shark. It's dull, boring, and lackluster. I'm wondering if they lost a crucial writer or if everyone got bored. What I loved about this show was the dynamics of the relationships between the characters, but that seems to be really flat this season. On top of that, Callie is both boring, whiney, and bitchy all at the same time, so I just wonder why anyone puts up with her for more than a minute, and hope that I don't have to either. I will finish watching the season eventually because I really enjoyed the first three seasons. But this season has lost something and I recommend waiting for it to be prime.
Unless they ramp things up quickly, this is just about dead. Nothing new, interesting or clever here.  Seems Poehler is just dropping into the old corporate mold as fast as she can.  You've come a long way, baby.  Yeah-right.
It's a pretty good show. It shows all aspecs of a murder from a torn family to the detectives trying to solve the case.
Well, the beginning is compelling and spurs a lot of curiosity.  The characters are mildly interesting, and the actors do quite well.  The ending is a horrific pay-off that leaves you wide-eyed and ready for another episode.  NOT because the characters are anything special, but because we FINALLY get a reason to pay attention.  FINALLY some these boring people might be killed.The problem?  A drawn-out, confusing, frustratingly-stupid-at-times, middle.  Tons of chaos.  But we do not know why.  People everywhere, clambering and rushing and gawking (at nothing), but no one will say anything of value.  They just HAVE TO get out of their buildings.  Why?  No one is hurt.  Then people form mobs for no reason and attack an emergency vehicle.  Not crazed or sick or possessed or zombified people, mind you.  No.  Yuppies and working folk milling about.Police act unrealistically.  Firemen act unrealistically.  They are rushing around to help people, but never help people.  LOL.Another stupid lapse in logic (Possible Minor Spoiler): The main group of people get &#34;trapped&#34; in a parking garage by a flimsy gate that they can LIFT WITH A JACK!  They do so to let two people out.  Then give up on jacks because the first jack loses its grip.  Dozens of jacks in dozens of cars behind them, but . . . no.  Not to mention the fact that there are two-ton vehicles they can hotwire and drive THROUGH the gate.  But no.And MOST LAUGHABLE OF ALL, two helicopters crash FOR . . . NO . . . CONCEIVABLE . . . REASON.  Just to press the fact that life is somehow now chaotic.  Like the writers are saying, &#34;Hey, things are getting whacky, guys!  See that?  Stay tuned!  Keep watching while we figure out what the hell we're doing!&#34;So, we just follow a group of people who stick together for no reason, do not try to get to their loved ones, yap and argue and fret, while who-knows-what is going on.  Very annoying.IF you even make it to the end, something weird happens that promises a new world kind of like the Walking Dead on steroids.  But I have to say, I have VERY little faith that these writers will turn it into anything watchable.  Boredom seems to be their specialty.My suggestion is for you to watch until you get bored, then fast forward to the last ten minutes to see the . . . weird thing.
The show itself I would give a 2-3 stars for content. I guess it is just not my thing so much drama but it is a reality show so what do you think you are going to get. My problem is the video always skips or freezes. I got so sick of it I had to turn it off. It was not my internet conection of TV it is the show I have tried it a few other places and had the same issue.
Finished watching the season and it was good, but it was plagued with fits and stops coupled with error messages. Numerous reboots over the few days I watched only helped somewhat. Shut every other program down except that one window and still had problems. Never experienced problems with amazon streaming before. When it worked, the picture was bright and flawless. Other streaming services worked fine on my computer.
Natalie Zea did a great job as the lead character.  I like the premise behind the show...just need to see a little more before I can judge whether it's good enough to keep watching.  It's tough to get much character development in 30 minutes, so that was a challenge.  Also some of the language was a bit too much...but I managed to hang around Deadwood despite it's foul dialogue and ended up liking it.  So...you never know.  I would like to see one more episode to make a decision.
This is a guilty pleasure and Kevin Bacon is superb.  I am very tired of the sexualization of serial murder.  There is nothing glamorous about this kind of murder, and though the writers are trying to get us to identify with the cult members, I have a hard time doing that when I have to watch them have sex right after they commit a vicious murder.  It's almost laughable.
I've not been able to watch this as  I keep getting error messages from Amazon! I don't have problems with any other movie subscriptions except for the Prime free. Very disappointing :(
Got to give it to these guys for trying. Original thoughts and ideas, good shot at the comedy but pretty poor story overall.Here is the Casting call: John Dies In The End. Needed, female extras for an important integral artistic scene in a groundbreaking new film. Important, must be willing to be topless. All roles will be wearing masks, no faces will be recognized. Very important project. Pay $100 for the day.
I'm not a prude...and I like the occasional &#34;F&#34; word as well as the next person...but geez...I couldn't follow the dialogue for ducking all of the F bombs being tossed about.  Really is it necessary? For that very reason I don't think I'd watch another episode....and I'm sorry about that too cause I LOVED the XFiles think Chris Carter is excellent. Oh well, not this time.
I am watching this program and with Robin Williams - he is trying so hard to be great with bad material. All the cast works well together but get some better scripts
My 3-year-old responded to the singing and liked the dogs, but I felt that the story needed work. There are far too many "finding a friend" stories out there, and something more creative would keep his attention more consistently. Still, he did tell me that he liked it!
So much pain and struggle in a spoiled family...generation of denial of self...generation of over-indulgence and self-centeredness. I can't take another dose of dysfunction and suffering in the suburbs of too much of everything ville. A bit of good acting here and there if you like the distraught and maudlin.
Great cast - great acting, but ??????  Maybe after watching it another time it will make more sense and all the jumping around won't bug me as much the first time?
Another show extolling the virtues of addiction and self-abuse.  I hate watching train wrecks and people hurting themselves and this show is nothing but that.
Unfortunately, The League has been going downhill since season 3. The comedy and story lines for season four were iffy. If you were a fan, you watched and found the funny bit. Season 5 has been horrendous. It resembles nothing of the comedy/humor that made it a hit. The story lines are outrageous. They rarely play football. I would be hard pressed to say it even focuses on the lives of Kevin, Ruxin, Taco, Pete, and Jenny. They are going to have to pull it together quickly. I am not a football fan. I found this show hilarious based on the characters, storylines, and actors.
I watched this season because the first three chapter's were engrossing, but the intensity of those seasons I found lacking in this chapter.
I am sure that there shows that are worse, have even more ridiculous clich&eacute;s, worse acting, cheaper display of endlessly insufferable stereotypes. Might it be that even worse writing is possible. I am very grateful that I have not seen it.
When the Lifetime network announced that it was producing a movie called "House of Versace" with Gina Gershon playing Donatella, I had to wonder whether they would play it as camp or go for a more serious approach. No offense to the actual Donatella Versace, but she is a bigger-than-life personality that is ripe for comedic interpretation. Maya Rudolph absolutely nailed the fashion icon is a series of skits for SNL, but I had faith that Gershon could also bring the goods. And in truth, it is for Gershon primarily that the "House of Versace" is worth a look. If you think that ninety minutes of Lifetime fare will do justice to the Versace legend, your expectations probably won't be met. But if you just want a casual glimpse into that world and a bare bones biography, this passes the time easily enough. I anticipated a little more insight into some aspect of the Versace legacy, whether it be the business, the fashion, or the family. But the movie's screenplay really skimps on all three. The first part of the movie plays more toward a campy excess while the second half attempts something more serious. Both parts, however, lack much depth of character or history.As the movie opens, Gianni Versace (Enrico Colantoni) has already achieved enormous success with Donatella as the public face of the company and their under-appreciated brother Santo (Colm Feore) playing a role behind-the-scenes in a business capacity. The plot focuses on the sibling dynamic and the movie's best (and oftentimes most amusing) moments come from the interactions between Colantoni and Gershon. Many of these sequences play out in the fashion workroom, but not much is detailed when it comes to the clothes. When tragedy strikes, the family and the public look to Donatella to take the reins of the company. The film, once again, doesn't spend much time on the events leading up to development. This is not a crime drama, so that doesn't become a focus. Instead, in true Lifetime fashion, the rest of the movie deals with a downward spiraling Donatella. Fueled by drink, drugs, and the scrutiny and skepticism of the world at large, she is determined to take over as lead designer even as she alienates those closest to her. While this is a perfectly reasonable story thread, years go by at the drop of a hat. No time is spent on the disintegrating company, only on Donatella as an addict. Will she get it together? Do I even have to answer that? I bet you can guess, and just in time for the credits to roll on her triumph.My main issues with "House of Versace" all come from a rather uninspired screenplay. With the wealth of juicy material and the sheer originality of the Versace clan, I was sad to see this develop into just another "woman in trouble" picture for Lifetime. That's not to say that I didn't enjoy much of it. I love a boozy Gina Gershon as much as the next person and her performance had me enthralled. I also enjoyed Colantoni, and even Raquel Welch (I haven't seen her in a while, she looks great) does a credible job as the matriarch. But the movie lacks an insider's perspective or insight that would have made it truly memorable. Quite literally, I know NOTHING more about the Versace family after watching this movie than I did before. And I am no expert on Vercace! Still, I've certainly seen worse from Lifetime. This just had so much potential. Again, see it for Gershon. Her Donatella is strangely captivating, I just wished that the screenplay supported her better. KGHarris, 10/13.
This series is about what's wrong with America.  A Popeye's employee, who should have been fired on the spot, is given a "mentor", and put on the fast track to becoming a trainer.  It's probably all a big lie, but maybe it isn't.  Employees who work hard and do their job see other employees who are terrible get away with it, so why work hard at your job?  After watching a few episodes, I do think it's all fake.  There's a guy who walks an hour each way to work, so Popeye's gives him 10 grand to buy a car.  I'd have given him $20 to buy a used bike.  He can't figure out to car pool with someone, take the bus, or get a bike?  Give me a break.  I've worked lots of jobs.  I haven't seen lots of people who work real hard, but don't get recognized.  What I've seen is lots of people who do crappy work, steal from the company, and should be fired.  Yes, the show is fake.
I originally wrote this review with a sci-fi fan's perspective in mind, only. I can say that after some careful consideration I've softened my perspective--a little. Here is a reiteration of the review with a little more clarity.This movie had a small budget all around. You can see that despite this they put a lot of time and effort into the film. I feel like they missed the mark with both acting and CGI elements, but there is within this team a spark that could definitely grow. They should try again, because this was NOT drivel.One of the problems that I have with sci-fi of late is the tendency to want to relate to the child audience. The big toy corporations want to sell action figures, vehicles, and play-sets; and what better way to market them then with a full-length feature film? Granted, this work is not funded by, or in league with a big toy company, but there was at least one element that felt "cartoonish", as in, it featured a character whose lack of musculature and detail seemed a plea for child-appeal that was, for me, unwarranted in a serious sci-fi film. It did not have the annoyance level of Jar-Jar Binks, but it was noticeable.There is a very distinct "Firefly" vibe to this, but the characters were either too squishy and soft, or suddenly and unlikely kung fu experts for my liking. The general/admiral/whatever he was supposed to be, got on my nerves. It is part of the actor's job to offer visual cues for the reasoning behind a character's decision-making, especially when the character is particularly severe. A perfect example would be David Morrissey's portrayal of The Governor on "The Walking Dead". The Governor is an unrepentant anus, but there's both method and reason behind his madness. I saw none of this underlying conflict in the military leader's demeanor.The football shot is not unique. It has been used in a lot of sci-fi movies, perhaps over-used. Even with, especially with, a low-budget work, you need to be original. Even if this movie had a patent on the technique, I'm not sure if was needed, or had the effect intended. Panning from a "normal-seeming" perspective to a more snazzy view became a point of ready contrast between the real and the animation. This should be a moment to hide the seams behind the curtain, not reveal them for the audience to pick apart. Less is more, smoke and mirrors, sleight of hand, all these things can add to a film. You don't have to use CGI just because you have the computers. Star Wars was a sleeper hit and used puppets, animatronics, and spliced-over film reels. What they didn't show you was just as important because they weaved it into the dialogue and the story-line.Remember the guy who called the babysitter all night, terrifying her, describing her in detail too accurate to be a long-distance call? They didn't let the audience see the goober because he wasn't really scary. What the audience didn't see was suspenseful. The director used the audience's imagination against them. That built suspense. As soon as you learned it was just some jerk with a knife it became far less climactic. He became someone into who's gonads you could strike your knee. The original Alien film was so terrifying because you only saw the creature in dark, confined spaces, and only a tail, a set of double jaws, or a claw. When you finally saw the alien you were already so invested you weren't nearly so likely to notice how curiously anthropomorphic it looked, especially in foamy extra-long fingers that didn't quite fit the actor playing it.This wasn't horror, but the theory is sound. A woman in lingerie is always more seductive than one who's just plain naked. Take the analogy of your choice and work with it.Here is what would have MADE this movie for me:1: The alien HAS to look more realistic. It can either better resemble an earth creature, or have more qualities that gave it a gritty, non-humor derived perspective. I don't think it needs to change WHAT it is, just not be a caricature version.2: The actors need to work on developing deeper internal purpose. If they are feeling happy, there needs to be some sadness and/or unrequited longing underneath. If a character is brave, the audience should feel extreme terror from that character being quelled by sheer determination. If there is a jerk in charge, he has to have lots of power and feel like he should be a little boy again, like the crown is too heavy for his unworthy shoulders, or perhaps that he earned his rank through nearly insurmountable odds and will challenge anyone who attempts to push him off the top of the hill.3: Just a little more originality. The sci-fi venue was very believable otherwise. There was a lot going for this movie, and this was the highlight. There was a feeling like this could BE an actual future setting. Steering clear of overused thematic tools could make this element PERFECT.
I'm willing to give this more of a chance, but I don't want to waste too much more time on it.  A boring pilot is all I can claim to have seen thus far, with a simply horrible, irritating sound track.  I hope it picks up.
The Special Effects are like those of a B movie. I mean they look obviously fake.There is no suspense. The acting does not help the show either.There are multiple logical holes but I ignore them because it is a fantasy show.In short, it's not worth it.
THE Writer who wrote this should go back to the bathroom and finish what he was doing. This show doesn't`deserve to be called bad.If I could spell atrocious that would be more appropriate.
I still like the show but big surprise the Asian dude dies.  Also the little African American kid comes back for a hot ten min and then gets dusted.  So right now we are down to one African American soldier who has been badly burned, and two doctors, one Mexican and the other Eurasian I think.  A whole bunch of new characters show up (all white of course) to defend the earth against aliens.  The only excuse I can think up for this is that it takes place in from South Carolina to New England.  Oh wait there is the tri states aria which has a super rich cultural background.  It is not that I don't like white people.  I am married to one but really I am so sick of shows with all white people, especially shows like this where it does not make sense.  Unless the aliens were specifically targeting people of color first when they invaded.  Maybe they did.  Maybe the skitters had a device that detected sunblock and killed every living thing not using it before those who did.  Why would the aliens do this?  Who knows.I love the new alien.  I love that the alien stuff is complicated.  I love how people are disorganized and how characters change and grow.  I do think that at some time people should realize that Tom Mason puts his family above the human race and maybe is a crappy leader for it.  That part I don't buy.Many of the characters I do like and have some depth but many do not.  In no way do I blame any of the actors for this.  They get the lines they get and do the best they can with them.  That being said.  Tom Mason is boring, Hal Mason is really boring, Matt Mason is great, Anne Glass deserves someone less boring, Lourdes is great and lost a character who I really liked, Dai died, I love Captain Weaver.  I even like the guy from Max Headroom.  I like John Pope, Margret, Ben Mason I just wish there were more non white people in the cast.  Like no New Yorkers made it out?  No one from New Jersey.  In my dream of dreams the cast gets captured and brought to a facility in NYC and are saved by a gorilla warfare team made up of criminals, cops, and random people who live in the abandoned railways of New York.  They could meet an ex policeman played by Lawrence Mason, Maybe a smuggler played by Yunjin Kim and maybe an ex CIA Air marshal played by Naveen Andrews.  I know this will never happen and that more non white characters will die and more white people will show up.  I know Anthony will die in season three.  All he has to do is say hello to Captain Weaver's daughter.
I watch because of Kevin Bacon. Kevin is not his usual excellence. Why? I suspect because of his inexperience in acting in TV series. I understand though. It take time to prepare and Kevin does not have time enough to get into the acting. And the character Clair has the good fortune to have kissed Kevin and Timothy of Justified. Three stars because I know it will be better Season Two. I hope then a believable plot will be offered.No, I will not pay for a Season Two, if there is one, which I say there will not be a Second season.Kevin Bacon: Kevin needed easy money. He signed a contract for easy money. Kevin walks a thin line here. If I did not know Kevin, I would never watch a movie with him as a primary player - based on his performance in this series. And the story.  Way too predictable, way too easy devices to creat fear, for instance, the buried alive female character.Value of each episode: $.75, yes, I mean to say 75 cents.I just watched Episode 15.  The Joe Carrol character's accent is silly. The missed sniper shot of  the Ryan character hit another officer. Too obviously illogical to the plot. And so unbelievable. The final scenes are a mish-mash of several films and TV shows childishly done. Every scene is easily predictable. This series is silly. I assure you that I will not waste my money on a second season. Watch Justified for excellent acting by all, the viewer cannot predict what will occur. Justified is an hour long show that goes by so quickly because of the suspense that I think that I just watched a 10 second show.
we have enjoyed watching available episodes but wouldn't care if the show is cancelled as there are other series we enjoy even more.
I didn't like any of the characters, and the plot was not very interesting.  Weird and boring are the words I would use to describe it.  I'll pass on this show.
I've only watched the premier episode.  It seemed formulaic, and didn't pull any emotional triggers.  Maybe, if it comes out on Prime I'll watch it.
it says COMPLETE 2nd season, if that's true then how come when I go on to hulu plus they have new season 2 episodes that amazons so called &#34;complete&#34; season DOES NOT HAVE!!!! IT IS NOT COMPLETE IT DOES NOT HAVE ALL THE EPISODES OF THE SEASONAMAZON PLEASE STOP LYING SO MUCH!!!!!!
I don't watch soap operas, so maybe I wasn't prepared for UnderThe Dome? I do try to stay positive when I review. And I am pleased this is free for prime to watch.I am amazed at how many unrealistic situations and characters I'd like to see gone there are. Ep 4 was the worst so far. Not how an epidemic would play out, one dose of antibiotics wouldn't cure anyone. It could be a good prophylaxis, but in reality bacterial meningitis would mean a week of antibiotics for those infected. Not one dose and boom, you are cured.OK, maybe I'm being too unforgiving. I do like the enforcer, he seems ready to throw in and help despite his unappealing work. The kid he saved is sort of cool, too. The two moms are good. As is the sheriff. But the teenagers are entitled, none of the adults are acting like they are in a situation that requires disaster planning and rationing. Or doing more than forming repeated mobs.The journalist sucks, the councilman, the reverend, the deputy that went nuts, the teen on her way to reform school is horrible, the invading teenagers are totally unappealing, and no one is sharing information with anyone else. Huge fail.I'd love to see a real story based on what it would really be like, the concept is fantastic after all. Suddenly the Dome appears, episode one makes it all interesting. But, slowly it disintegrates from there. I've never felt more like I want to eliminate the majority of a cast and start over.It would be interesting to be shown what lengths people would need to go to in order to cope and survive. Pooling resources. Acts of true heroism. Working together. How to cope with privations, organizing, training, etc. But nope, none of that. I find I don't care what the conspiracy is. I dislike more characters than I care about.I can see that romance is taking the place of inspired writing in this series. It is always a fall back to pairing people up that keeps viewers interested for a little while.There are some good performances, and for that reason I'm giving the show 3 stars instead of 1 or two. And the premise is very good.Adding on a bit. Episode five is a bit better than the previous. Inching towards a rating of 3.25 stars. Still some really soap opera-y moments that make me want to roll my eyes, but aside from the first episode, which was fairly intriguing, this last one was the most watchable. But it is still nuts that anyone is hooking up at this point. Not interesting, I would rather have drama. And besides, its time to ration the condoms etc, guys and gals. You have a limited area and resources. Do not start over populating! Get your head out of your pants and start planning.I like the radio personalities. Barbie is more tarnished in this episode, geez. No heroes left?
There have been so many dark, dirty post-apocalyptic thrillers lately it's become hard to tell them all apart. Cue dusty, sun-scorched locale, abandoned cars by the side of the road, guys in shaggy beards and dirty tank tops. And violence. Lots of bloody, ugly violence almost too brutal to fathom. Clich&eacute;s are a fact of life in Hollywood but one would expect David Michod, the director the supremely confident Aussie gangster flick Animal Kingdom, to provide a little something off the beaten path for his follow-up, The Rover. And while he pulls one haunting performance from a familiar face and a solid turn from an unexpected one, the film offers little to separate it from the likes of Mad Max, The Road, or numerous others mining the same ground.Movies set in a future resembling a burned out husk have long been the bastion of indie filmmakers looking to skirt around budgetary issues, and if &#34;burned out husk&#34; is what one is looking for then the south Australian outback requires the minimum of alteration. In short, it's a desolate place, perfect for a story of men frayed at the edges, ruined by a society that crumbled a decade prior. There are still laws, albeit nobody to really enforce them. Money is practically worthless, food at a premium and petrol even more so. Mercenaries stalk the streets, crucified men litter the highways, and basically every encounter could be your last. Familiar or not, Michod paints a terrifying picture of a hopeless world.Guy Pearce, hiding behind a thick beard and far-away eyes, is Eric, a man without a past, certainly without much of a future, and only one possession and that's his car. After stopping by a nearby &#34;bar&#34; for a drink, his car is stolen by three shady types (one is played by Scoot McNairy) clearly on the getaway from something. Eric stalks them down in another vehicle, only to have them get the upper hand and flee, once again in his car. The rest of the film is about this mysterious man's tunnel vision in getting the car back and gaining some measure of revenge on those who took it.First he encounters the simple-minded Rey (Pattinson), who was shot and left for dead by his brother, one of the guys Eric is seeking out. The film relies heavily on the bonding between these two, which has moments of gallows enlightenment as they kill their way to where Eric's car is stashed. &#8220;You should never stop thinking about a life you&#8217;ve taken. That&#8217;s the price you pay for taking it&#34;, Eric says during one of their many roadside conversations. Eric doesn't speak much, hardly at all really, but when he does it's to say things like this. And they would have considerably more meaning if Michod, who co-wrote the script with Joel Edgerton, had a clearer definition for the character. Bodies pile up, mostly for no good reason and largely at Eric's hand, and he doesn't seem the least bit concerned about them. In one memorable moment, he buys a pistol from a little person only to shoot him with it immediately after, basically out of annoyance. At some point the bleak locale has become an excuse to portray excessive levels of violence without having to be concerned about why there is so much bloodshed. Michod offers no real reason for anything, and it's too much to say the film is about nothingness. That's not true. The utterly pretentious &#34;twist&#34; ending tells us Michod wants it to be about something, he just never gets around to letting us in on what it is. A small hint of sentimentality emerges through the harshness and it feels utterly misplaced and unearned. Like Animal Kingdom, Michod specializes in establishing mood, especially the desolation that follows bad people who live a life of doing terrible things.Pearce should be getting more leading roles but he seems to favor show-stopping supporting turns at this point. In a rare starring turn he's especially gruff and haunted. It's not a part that requires much from him yet he delivers what's expected and more. The more interesting performance is by Pattinson who has basically jettisoned Hollywood limelight behind to flex his dramatic muscles with indie directors. So far it hasn't really worked out, and it doesn't really work out here either. With his teeth a mangled mess and his nerves all jittery, Pattinson's portrayal of Rey is too practiced, too aware. What's impressive is Pattinson's dedication to the role and willingness to branch out into something like this in the first place.Animal Kingdom was a confident debut that promised Michod as a bright new filmmaking voice. Too much of that voice has been silenced with The Rover but he should have no problem regaining it next time.
This might be the worst reality TV I've ever seen! I don't know exactly what I expected, but so much of the dialogue (if you can call it that) was dubbed, it was pitiful.
The plot, cast, and premise of the show has a great deal of promise. But, the dialogue needs some serious work.
